101 + sweet potato fries + vanilla shake = my life is complete
Try their burger!
Try Phil's ravioli
Phil, the owner is a genuinely good, and professional guy. Say hi to him.
On Thursday you have to check out the live jazz. Cool classic NYC restaurant with good food.
Say hey to Phil and let him know you are a friend of mine. The Chicken Milanese is outta this world. Better than Italy.
Amazing yuca fries, so crispy and yummy!
Just love the green hot sauce... it compliments the chicken soooo well...
Most mouth watering chicken sandwich I've ever had. Definitely go for the hot sauce--so much flavor! This place is a hidden gem and I highly recommend it, especially for rotisserie lovers!
Try the papa a la huancaina ($5)—a potato smothered in a creamy sauce made of queso fresco, aji amarillo and turmeric. It's served on a large lettuce leaf and topped with a hard-boiled egg and olives.
Being Peruvian, I can tell you the food is delicious. Although the wait staff is extremely nice, the wait can be a little to long so make sure you start off with soup
Dat green sauce + dem sweet plantains
Don't ignore the rotisserie chicken sandwich. EXCELLENT. Don't forget the special house green sauce.
Yummy rotisserie chicken! they were a little cheap with the platano maduros as a side & veggies could have been steamed more but food was great overall! green & white(mojito) sauce was amazing!!!
Surprisingly good chicken on a block with a lot of good chicken. Much better than Big Arc chicken, and maybe not as great as BaoBQ, but that's apples and oranges.
Amazing, juicy and tender chicken, great place for take-out and way better than that Big Arc chicken next door. Such bitter competition. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One of the best chicken places. Get extra green sauce and put it on EVERYTHING.
Lomo saltado yes
Extra spicy green sauce please. The Papa Rellena (stuffed potatoes) is super tasty. Also add an Inka Cola for the real Peruvian taste.
Worst service ever. Just get it to go. Their delivery service sucks too, they will leave you waiting at least an hour for your food to arrive.
Fried sweet plantains are ridonkulous.
To clarify, my spell check put yuck when I meant yuca! Place is amazing!!
Yuck, quinoa, green sauce. Can't go wrong.
great food for the price. i like the rotisserie chicken, chicken & rice soup and the GREEN SAUCE
the lomo is real good. get an order of fries and mix it into the limo for a bit more peruvian authenticity
Ask for the white sauce (they don't put it out with the others). It is awesome.
Incredible rotisserie chicken
Peppery half chicken from the rottiserie at a good price is a winner. Highlights include the spicy green sauce and the yucca fries.
The bacon egg and cheeses are amazing whether you're here at 10am or 3am
the grilled chicken hero with chipotle sauce. enough said.
Waited at counter to be served while clerk was on the phone for quite a while. When another man came up to the counter, she got off the phone & served HIM, not me, so I left. 1st & last visit.
The is very clean and breakfast was good
They sell gluten-free items here!!! Let them know if there is something you want them to get that they don't sell.
Solid sandwiches and grocery selection in the back. And one of the few delis left that take credit cards. Life saver after a night of drinking.
Egg white cheese and tomato + coffee = $3.25
Salad reward cards buy 7 get 1 free
The folks that run this place are so sweet! Wonderful customer service
I've been getting the 'cool summer' every chance I get.  Wishful thinking?  Also delicious.
This place open again after Sandy flooded it with 8 feet of water. Fortune had a happy hour there to celebrate. It's one of many local Seaport businesses that will need support in the coming months.
Fresh seafood. It's a cosy small restaurant and bar. The owner has a very cute Husky, very friendly and cute.  Recommend oyster for sure. I had lobster roll, very nice.
Try the Oysters - Happy hour special - a dozen Blue Point oysters for $12. Don't pass this place by. Great bar, great seafood. (via @Foodspotting)
Can't wait to check out the scallion pancakes. And brownies for desert... Yum!
Checking this place out is a must, incredible staff, food and drinks. Best place to kick it in the seaport!
Great place to come and unwind! Food is awesome too! It's fusion between Irish & Asian cuisine. YUM! Also, there's always Jameson =D
Friday night.
Super fresh food and excellent service ill be back
The staff is amazing. You're amazing. But being sober is not amazing. Get wastey
Try the fish fingers and the steak and egg sandwich! Off the hook!!
Get the burger! You won't regret it!
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
PHOTO: Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia speaking at opening of the Fulton Fish Market, this restaurant's namesake, in 1939, at the link!
$1 oysters on Sunday. Wow
Great place, check out the lobster Mon- wed $13.95.
$2 oysters = better than you think they'd be.  I'll be back to try the Mac n Cheese too!
Small plates dominate the fish-centric menu. Try the Guinness bbq short ribs and fish 'n chips. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Ask for alvin!
$3 dos equis. Woooo
Try the fried mac and cheese!!
Raisin buns to die for!
The best Gai Mei Bao in NYC!
Stuffed mushrooms are amazing
Financial District – $15.95 AYCD with brunch menu items
Chicken Godzilla, Caesar salad, and old fashion pepperoni pizza! My faves!
The eggplant is fabulous!
The best pizza you'll find in the neighborhood. The square pie is where it's at.
Beware if you do half and half.  You will still pay full price for all the toppings even if spread only on one half of the pizza.
Stick with the pizza here -- which they do extremely well.
Can’t go wrong with the classic Chicken Parmesan!
Get the Chicken Godzilla - it's to die for!!!
Glorious provider of our Pizza Friday's. What would we do without them? (Great antipasto too.)
Best Chicken Parm in NY!
Love the eggplant Josephine, mussels linguine and obvs the pizzas!!!!!
Try it. All food is good!
Amazing brick oven pizzas.. MUST try their linguine shrimp "zi peppe"!
love almost everything on the menu. pizzas are always good. awesome bartenders.
my new favorite boozy brunch. great pizzas, generous refills!
$25 for a pitcher of beer and a large rectangle pie. Everyday after 5pm and all day Saturday and Sunday.
If you are reading this, you must work for Booking.com.
Best pizza ever!!
This place wouldn't serve me or any of my friends. And I never get cut off. Plus the pizza fell short on SO many levels. Save yourself the cals and disappointment this place is a misery.
Chicken under the brick w eggplant is beyond amazinf
Good chicken parm and delicious pasta al dente - but you need to order it separately :(
one of the best italian restaurants in the city!
Their old fashioned pizzas and their chicken parmesan. Also Peter & Dimitri are very cool guys/waiters. Danny runs this place so well.
The square pie is great... The baked clams are terrible!
best pizza in the city
Great menu options! Meatballs, pizza and chickeb Parma all excellent! Great service too. One of my face #FiDi #NYC spots for late night and brunch
Harry delivers solid cocktails and food, no matter which location.
This is a great place to eat after attending a training at Learning Leaders.  Great prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich.
A safe bet for a casual good meal.
They are open n serving great food n nice wine
Salmon was pretty good, but nothing to write home (or four square) about!
The halibut and swordfish were both cooked perfectly. So delightful.
Try the Moscow mule to drink. If you like ginger. It's ginger vodka and lime and amazingness in a glass!
This place has my favorite happy hour in the city- $7 quartinos of wine (the bar staff always has great suggestions and are generous with tastes) and free snacks. The dinner menu is delicious as well!
Try the Centriolo drink! Cucumber, basil, and gin. Fabulous!
Bacon wrapped dates, devilled eggs, and a caprese -like salad that included prosciutto was AWESOME.
Great wine list over 250 italian wines to choose dron Ena the waitress she s so sweet n easy to talk to great knwledge on wine try it s worth it
A gin that's also an aphrodisiac? Call BULLDOG at the bar and let the fun begin.
Incredible squid ink pasta - try it!
Centro Vinoteca74 7th Ave S (btw Barrow & Commerce Sts.), New York, NY 10014Breakfast Spot, Italian Restaurant
Try the week menu. It's really delicious. Specially the main course.
The sleek sensibility provides a breather from the many rustic Italian places around town. If you’re at a loss with the menu, go for any of the pastas (they are the house specialties).
Gotta try the duck!
Make sure you ask the prices, if you just order they will gaffe you like a pig.  $17 for a glass of red.
Ok food & free WiFi
Try the homemade muddled strawberry prosecco (5 stars), their Cin-Cin drink of peach vodka, Elderberry liquor & prosecco, garnished with a cherry (5 stars).   Excellent!
I liked Black tagliatelle which has squid, shrimp, manila clams, bouchout mussels & cherry tomatos. I recommend CV for your private party or dating place!
Great collection of boutique wines!
Ask for the Jill Runyon special: a dry vodka martini up with a twist.
Wines by the glass are questionable
Pretty mediocre.
Allow yourself to be tempted by the deviled eggs, and then give in to that temptation.
great wine selection
$7 cocktails & 1/2 off $12 or under wine quartinos during daily happy hours. also, rumors say that this was Rachel Maddow's fav hang out (when she lived in the neighborhood).
Hey guys,If you want a coupon for Centro Vinoteca, you should check out NookOut (bit.ly/gsexvZ) for a great deal.$10 for $25 worth!See the link below for more information:bit.ly/e0h6yj
Duck breast prosciutto
Enjoy a perfect manhattan by Connor. He is a perfectionist but moves at lightening speed.
The executive chef, Beau Houck, prepares modern Italian dishes with a organic flare. Highly recommend dipalo’s ricotta cavatelli which comes with a red wine braised short rib ragu.
Really good specials...4-7 all quartinos listed at 12 go for 7 and all bottles are half off on mondays
Cheap breakfast, flatbread sandwich and 16oz coffee for $3!
Try the coffee with hazelnut creamers
The manager is soooo kind! Great Chicken Massala, amazing place! :)
Free wifi and do online delivery.
The manager here is such a wonderfully nice person.  Plus desert is free. Mango rice pudding and a wonderful cup of tea. Coming back!
I've been a regular for 12 years for a reason.  The food is delicious and reasonable!
Just finished our meal and everyone thinks thief place is great. We ordered the complete meals, and I recommend you do the same. Yum.
Vegetable Dhansek. Can't go wrong. Delicious.
Honestly the best Chicken Tikka Masala I've had outside of India.
Discovered this place over 10 years ago. Still my favorite Indian. Where eagles sere. Check the vindaloo description.
It includes  and tea... Great surprice
Awesome Chicken Tikka Masala!
Lovely place, we got free ice cream on the house!
Excellent service with free dessert and tea. Will come back again :)
The people here are beyond amazing. The lamb is the best.  Mmmmmm.
Owner is the nicest and most gracious host. The Tikka Masala and Jalfrazie are delicious.
Get the veggie curry lunch special.  It's a bit greasy, but certainly worth $6.
The lamb dishes are great, anything with coconut as well. We got dessert and coffee for free! Incredibly cheap..
Good tandoori chicken--nice and moist. Great lunch prices!
The garden area in the back is beautiful!
Order any of the seafood curries. Very good South Indian cuisine, infused with mustard seeds, curry leaf and chilis.
The food is amazing!!! Love the spinach and lentils
The service here is not that good. It's an Indian restaurant but the music was American. The saag paneer was great, but the naan was dry. Not sure if I'll return.
the ginger chicken kabob is delicious
sag paneer here is to die for! samosas + mango chutney are really good too.
The curry leaf crispy salmon is sublime!
black sesame creme brulee
The peanut sauce is the way to go with the shabu
Shabu Shabu Dinner Course (A) all the way. Good call, @maxstoller!
Prime rib eye shabu is good, but you have to do the pork belly appetizer (pictured) and the bibimbap.
The shabu-shabu is terrific, but the real star here is the bibimbap. I'm Korean, and they have one of THE BEST bibimbaps around. Intensely flavorful, it's hard to share.
Long wait. Put your name down and check out some nearby bars.
Good hot pot and helpful service, but seems really busy a lot of the time. Better make reservations
Asian 5.4:  This Shabu Shabu place in the East Village is pretty good and great if you like a warm soupy broth on a cold day.
Great shabu-shabu. Random, but their bathroom isn't your typical tiny, tiny shoe box.
Beef tounge bibimbap!!
Get a side of pork and sweet potato to add to the prime rib. Mmmm mmmm good.
If you ever needed to reconstitute your soul in advance of yet another big night-this is definitely the place to do it.
Everyone comes here for Shabu Shabu, but Don't sleep on the sukiyaki and the pork belly appetizer
Amazing food! Sukiyaki my fave!!!
Best shabu shabu in nyc hands down! Great service too and when ordering the meal you get free ice cream green tea is my fave
Other than Shabu try the eel bibimbap soooo good
prime ribeye shabu shabu is a must. swirl it in the pot for about 2-3 seconds for the most perfect, medium rare, melt-in-your-mouth bite of meat. oh! and add extra scallions and radish to the ponzu sa
The best n the city
The calf liver sashimi is outstanding!
No reservation needed for Tuesday at 7:30pm. We loved the shabu-shabu - really good value for money. SO much food, and complimentary ice cream too!
sittn @ the same table I sat 3yrs ago! yum yum
This place makes me :)
Try the Prime Rib and spot it on Foodspotting!
Sukiyaki!
best to make a reservation unless you don't mind a 1 hour wait. awesome shabu2 -
best bibimbap in town, better than any korean restaurant.  the pork belly appetizer is a must try.
There's usually an hour wait before 9:30pm but when you get in, shabu shabu with prime rib-eye is the way to go. Don't throw it all in at once, half the beauty is having everything freshly hot.
Shabu A is the way to go. Also, best late night drunken-eats deal around ($14 full meal of prime rib-eye goodness from mid -1:30am on Fri and Sat)
Try the umaki
$8 off shabu shabu after midnight on fri & sat.
do you like to do it yourself?
Uh, you ran out of pork for the pork cutlet curry? Seriously?!? That's like McDonald's running out of patties for their hamburgers!
Sometimes you just want Japanese curry and rice and sometimes you're willing to pay $15 for it even though it costs a dollar to make at home.
Not a bad choice on the menu!
whatever you get , cheese on top is essential
Try the Dried Curry Beef - This is the bomb!  (via @Foodspotting)
In addition to curry, we're big fans of the yuba salad
Adorable, tiny place with delicious curry. Get it baked with cheese for an extra $3!
Ask for extra spicy.
You can't go wrong with Mini Hamburger and Boiled Egg on the side!
A variety of curries you can choose from but the best part? You can get it baked. Topped off with an egg and cheese, this is one savory, delicious, goodness.
Loved the dried curry. Hayashi was good, but personally not crazy about it.
Homemade hamburger curry is really delicious. The best curry I ever tasted in nyc.
Lychee lassi? YES PLEASE!
The bathroom plays an Argentine tango for ambience while using the Toto robo-potty
Cash only! My usual is the Japanese Classic Curry (hot) with mini pork cutlet and croquetto on the side. You can't go wrong.  =)
Add $2 for the baked curry option for your dish. It's not on the menu, but there are small signs around the store about it.
Order: Seafood Curry with corn. Side hamburger and fried shimp. With a refreshing Ginga Kogen to compliment. You wont be sorry!
Baked curry was goodNot a very big place but worth the wait
Dried Beef Curry, they now offer a baked option which is just phenomenal!
It's a small but authentic Japanese curry place. Try it with a croquette.
Vegetable curry is great. The curry sauce isn't overwhelming and delish.
when it's raining- try gratin style!
New on the menu: baked curry. It's the usual rice, choice of topping, and curry, but served in a gratin and with a baked egg on top. Amazingly delicious.
get the beef dried curry with a side of katsu. best of both worlds
Best Japanese curry in the city. Berkshire pork belly cutlet curry is heavenly. Happy hour 4-7 pm.
"The beef dried curry — spicy ground beef over rice — came with four discs of hard-boiled egg, with threads of crispy fried onion atop... It was a wonderfully artful composition for $10."
Even extra spicy isn't very hot. So ask for extra extra spicy?
The pork cutlet is delicious. Go between 4 and 7pm for all drinks half price. $2 sapporo? Yes, please.
Order either the pork cutlet curry or beef dried curry. They are the best!
You can't go wrong. Btw check out the Hayashi rice
Best Halal truck in the city with the biggest portions. Guaranteed satisfaction in the moment, guaranteed stomachache in the morning. But always worth it. Always.
Siamese paella had no spice. Dull flavor, yummy seafood except mussels were over cooked.  In contrast the lamb entree was very good but very spicy! Good appetizer and inexpensive was squid.
Get the Mao.
Pad Thai wins over greasy seafood paella
Tom Kha soup and spicy basil noodles all the way!
Good food but it drives me nuts when wait staff can't answer simple questions about food allergies.
Order the spicy basil noodles.
Everything on the tapas menu are amazing!  Green papaya salad and grilled squid legs never disappoint!
Everything on the tapas menu are amazing!    Green papaya salad and grilled squid legs never disappoint!
Poor service, bad food. don't waste your time. The pad Thai was subpar compared to spice or bodhi tree two blocks away (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Feeling tipsy with my  candy. Candice.... Plum sake all night.
@ my favorite place with my second order of plum sake.
Mmmmm diner with friends. And plum sake all might.
@ Klong. Loving my plum sake.
Good ambience. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Happy hour on Fridays lasts until 2am
Must try the calamari tempura and the jade dumplings!!
Can't go wrong here, great food and better prices!
Beef pad Thai was amazing! Good ambience. They use abacuses to decorate the walls which is pretty amazing. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Order the grilled squid heads and floating market noodles, you won't be disappointed!
Try the cocunut ice cream w banana and sticky rice! I had an orgasm having it :p
Happy hour on special mixed cocktails $5 bucks 5-7pm :-)
amazing, intimate Thai spot- Tuesday half off drinks happy hour
Decent pad Thai...noodles were a little soggy. Lunch special is still a good deal though. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Decent pad Thai... (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome pad Thai! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
order ANYTHING
Nice dimmed cozy kind of place. I got the green curry but definitely get the pork chop, it's pretty good.
Floating Market Curry Noodles. That is all.
chocolate mousse cake = delish (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the Phuket After Rain or Basil Mojito. They are amazing.
I love this place. Super friendly people who work here (Twee is great) and amazing GF pizza with GF beer too!
Love this place!! Very tasty, fresh, thin crust gluten free pizza yum
Try the Vegan Eggplant & Mushroom, Caper Marinara Pizza - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Incredibly expensive pizza. They don't show prices. Avoid.
Lots of pizza varieties! The owner is very nice too!
Best Gluten free pizza in NYC!
Very good long rectangular thin crust pizza served by the pound. Reminds me of what the pizza looked like on the Flintstones! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Good flavor but way overpriced. Shouldn't have to spend $20 to get full on pizza.
Pizza and hardboard cider. I great place by union square
The two vegan pizzas are cheeseless and delicious! Just be aware, you'll be paying ~$6 a plate.
Good for very thin pizza but you don't get much value for the price.
This is a great place to go if you want to spend $9 on pizza and leave STARVING.  Bland, served lukewarm.  Good wifi.  I guess it's good if you want gluten-free.
$2.50 beers, free wifi and friendly staff - great place to hang out, even if you don't want pizza.
Try the Matzoh Pizza on Passover.
Really thin pizza. Try the whole wheat
Gluten free pie - half potato half snow white - delicious!
Shockingly great selection of gluten free beers and ciders
Best pizza sauce I've had in a long time.
Play some Guess Who? With friends.
Wifi is 234D5C7B88
Doesn't make any sense - gluten-free pizza, yet every person in this place is drinking beer that contains gluten.
Pizza by the inch with a variety of fresh toppings makes for good snacking at Pie, where it takes many inches to make a meal. Stacks of board games amid Pie's digital denizens add a touch of whimsy.
Absolutely delicious. Crust is super thin and crispy. Can't go wrong with basic pepperoni and cheese.
Amazing toppings!
pizza by the pound! the white slice is amazing
Great gluten free options!  I've never felt sick after eating here.
Happy hour lasts all day with 1.50 high lifes
Gluten free pizza is good, but its not truly 100% GF. They make it in the same space as the regular pizzas so some flour undoubtedly gets on it. Still, I eat it w/o issue. Depends on your sensitivity
So good, tried 5 different pizzas! Good with food allergies!
Kid friendly & great pizza! The gluten free pizza rocks!
They make Subway look like a 5-star restaurant. Skip it.
Dont EVER give money to the homeless man outside. How can someone get mad at your for NOT giving them YOUR money?!
Don't give money to the homeless man outside, it just encourages him
KILL THE BUM!!!!
I agree with the cheese!!
Best sandwich's period
Terrible blimpie! The bread is wrong and the people who work there don't give a crap. Skip it!
Far superior subs than Subway. Stick with the original. Blimpie Best rules - get it with Americancheese and banana peppers to make it even better
Worst service, even worse food. Skims on the ingredients. Hit the Subway across the street instead. The guys who work there will pile on your sandwiches for free.
Asyik... masih pagi"
Steamed vegetable dumplings are the best. Super fresh!
No liquor license. Lame. The vegetarian chili is delightful.
Delicious and very generous with sides and portions :) plus they're super super nice!
Get the assorted pork belly for two. Comes with tons of sides and it's delicious!!
Keep it simple, get the barbecue assortment of pork belly. Thank me later.
초구리다 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ뭐야 이런곳
All side dishes are bottomless, so don't feel bashful about asking for refills. This nicety may not last forever.
this place is super legit. it's a contender for best Korean food in Manhattan. if you like seafood, try the Haemul Jeongol.  it comes with a whole octopus.
Best kept secret in NYC!
Check in at the 6th Ave and 21st street location (Chelsea) and with the purchase of any waffle,  get a cup of coffee free.  Good deal
Awesome hummus and tahini. The Egyptian Mint Tea is phenomenal...and let's not forget the Tony Montana Hookah! Yummy.
There was vomit under our table and it got all over my shoes.  No compensation after arguing with the rude and obstinate staff.
The worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant, hands down.
You're here? Leave.
Automatic gratuity even if you're only with 1 other person? Horrible service, spilled drinks all over the place. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Try the Tony Montana! Good ish!
Management is extremely rude. Take your business elsewhere.
Nice hang out spot, good hookah.. Prices are a little higher then regular hookah spots but what do u expect its the city... Theres an inside and outside
Inattentive waitstaff. Very disappointed. And I double tipped (automatic gratuity)!
Not the best place. When I went today, they changed the hookah from $15 to $17. Nice garden area in back, really nice and chill at night.
I got assaulted by the staff here! Dangerous, scheming & bad people! Gang affiliated. Don't go!!
Don't come here. This place sucks. Rude staff + automatic gratuity = no bueno
Terrible, don't even try it.
one of the best shisha bars in Manhattan
Mint tea + hookah = awesome combination.
Try the Shish Kebabs!
Awesome mint tea. Order the Mustafa special hookah. It's not on the menu. Just ask for it. They'll know.
Some of the best shisah in the East Village. Make sure you get tea with mint as well.
If you want fine dining then McDonald's is probably not the place for you. Otherwise, its always pretty good.
Beware the toilet here, if somebody drops a massive stinker it may not go down.
The best Tasty is too flurry
Quality establishment, the ambiance around 1am really seals in the quality reputation that precedes it. Watch out for the vomit puddle by the 99cent ATM however, only drawback.
the night manager is buffoon! tried to charge me full price for a shake that was 3/4 full, when I questioned him about it he said he no longer is filling cups... no sweat dude, keep your franchise
Only be drunk wen ur eatin herre
This Mc Donalds sucks and nooo dollar menu
Restroom is absolutely disgusting, trash in dining area overflowing, tables dirty.
Very slow service!
The girls in the morning are fabulous : )
Never wait on line for coffee! Can't beat it
the worst mc donalds in the country
Pokemon battles upstairs overlooking Broadway are totally legit.
Night Staff is very unorofessional, even for mcds
Jim Lewis is the owner. He' cool! These guys taught me how to mop a floor. ;)
Free wifi ;)
Listen to bands playing at the Continental next door as you eat. (They're so loud, you won't have a choice anyway.)
Good place to stop if you are shopping and need a bathroom :)
I cannot resist the siren song of the McFlurry.  Tasty tasty McFlurry.
Newly renovated-- very nice. Enjoy a frap while sitting on their new padded seats.
The fries and nuggets are good here!
Avoid the restroom... Go to whole foods union square instead.
The Ezme or Hummus app. are top notch.
Happy meal woman. So delishious I am bringing take home to my boyfriend.
Seems they are still working out the kinks. I placed my order twice with 2 different people. And yet they gave me a wrap over pita. The falafel wrap tastes pretty good.
Meze cold platter. Awesome!
Felafel Sandwich was surprisingly bland.  Fries were surprisingly awesome.
The lahmajun pizza is on another level! Don't forget to squeeze lemon over it!
The pink lemonade is to die for
If you're coming for trivia night (which any sensible human would) and you're hoping for a seat, get there early. Like an hour and a half early. I ain't playin'.
Try to "Deuce" combination
$25 all you can drink brunch. Play Jenga !
Wednesday quizzo!
They finally got new classic bar food! Hating their food was the only think that kept me from coming here more. Oh well there goes that.
Try the turbo dog.
Yoyo and the chaplain plays here sometimes. They're awesome!
There's nothing better than a really dirty martini. Bring on the olives, ask for BULLDOG Gin.
Fantastic atmosphere for just hanging out with friends over drinks.
spiciest bloody mary i've ever had in my life
If you like board games, this is a good place for you. Otherwise, nothing special in an area full of better bars
Melissa is the dopest bartender ever! Def come for $25 brunch on Saturday!
Come here for cheap drinks and board game fun. When's the last time you played a game of connect four?
Play Would You Rather...fun for the whole family!
Don't get the chickpeas and garlic bruschetta. ugh
It's like the East Village's answer to Bennigan's.  Half price apps and 2 for 1 drinks at happy hour.
Best.Happy.Hour.Ever!! from 5-8. $4 martinis, cosmos, well drinks & wine. 2 for 1 Paninis & appetizers. Board games & private booths for group entertainment :) tell them I sent u & rcve a free shot ;)
Play Drinkopoly here!
Wednesday night trivia. Test your knowledge of useless facts. Gift certificates for the winners.
Trivia wednesdays! 1st place gets $50 to spend, 2nd $25, 3rd a high five.
Don't forget to tip your bartender!!!!
2$ yuenglings for happy hour and buy two apps / panninis get one free! all the food is great! and melissa behind the bar is fantastic!!
Sunday fudnday drinks and games!!
Quiz night on Wednesdays, open mic on Sundays.  Friendly neighborhood pub 7 nights a week.
Erotic photo hunt!
$3 beers- challah
best happy hour!
Be forewarned - no wifi. Cozy, homey good rainy-day bar.
Bring pens/pencils & paper for the games!
Head to the back and lounge on the red couches. Great ambiance
open 24 hours... what is better than that
Mmmmmmmm
The manager gave me a free slice and was really nice
They are super fast. Great for a quick late night bite.
Great new friendly managment and awesome pizza.
Get the square pizza. It's upside down. Cheese on the bottom!
Must Have the 4 Cheese Pizza!!
The Pizza here is fantastic! Met the owner he's a character. Only use fresh ingredients & 6 types of Pizza. New favorite late night Pizza!
If you pre-order, pls check ur receipt. my Wed pickup was written as Thur. I made the trip for nothing and have to come down to Chinatown AGAIN tomorrow. Owner himself said "I'm getting forgetful."
Best jerky in chinatown.  Been around forever..... And I always get some as presents when I visit family in California since they can't get this good jerky on the West coast.
Don't waste your time trying out other store's beef/pork jerky. This place is the best in New York!!
Love it: mmMmmm....Pork/Beef Jerky. Go ahead and indulge in NYC's best dried beef!
Best Beef Jerky in town. Oldest jerky shop in NY Chinatown.  I grew up eating their products.
Excellent. Chowder and lobster roll. Delicious.
lobster roll
Great! Fresh! Yums town USA. I loved the use of spice with the seafood. And the kitchen is open and right in front of you which means you know there's no funny business goin on ;)
I didn't want to believe it but the lobster role is that good. Little creamier than usual but very good. Check the oyster selection, too.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Fish!
Only 2 credit cards per table. You do the math.
Gonna wait whenever you arrive to this tiny amazing seafood joint in the WV! Arrive at 9ish, go find a drink to sit at 10... Kitchen slows down and great service! A must try lobster roll!
Lobsterrr rolls. Whoa.
The lobster roll was delicious but overpriced considering you can get 2 for that price at Luke's.
Lobster roll is buttery & delicious but very small portion compared to price ($28!!) Come early; any later than 7 pm and you'll be waiting for 2+ hrs. Great food overall if you don't care about price.
I will never have a tuna melt anywhere else ever again
$32 for a micro lobster roll! You have been warned.
Try the lobster roll--winner of last year's Lobster Roll Rumble. Mary's Fish Camp will be a fierce contender again in our 2012 Lobster Roll Rumble:
One of my favorite places to eat in NYC. Incredible seafood. If they have beach point oysters get them!
Lobster roll a little overrated. It is fine. But not a huge standout. Obviously people here have not tried a hot buttered lobster roll at Lenny and Joe's Fish Tale in Connecticut.
Best restaurant in NYC and best lobster roll on the east coast - Maine included
Terrible hostess. Be Prepared
We love the simply delicious fish and shellfish. Good to know: Fish is delivered in minimum quantities 6 days a week. Ask your server about availability before you set your heart on anything.
Seriously. THE best lobster roll ever!
The spicy Florida conch chowder is amazing.
The lobster roll and fries here is just ridiculously good.  Stuffed with lobster with a pile of fries on the side, sometimes you just have to indulge.
The Guatemalan shrimp is delicious & spicy. Spilicious.
This is a west village staple-- now I know why.  It's delicious, not pricey, and easy going.  I had the sea bass special pan roasted. It was amazing.
The tuna sliders are pretty sweet
Everything's great, but save room for the strawberry shortcake if they have it, or be filled with eternal regret.
can be a wait but you can get a drink and take it outside
Sardine special was great. Lobster roll too. Deep fried oysters and clams were only OK. Sliders were fine, not overwhelmingly great, but not bad.
Lovely brunch gazpacho!
I'd vote for the fish taco's as well. The lobster roll is very good, but too mayonnaisey for my wife.  And the lobster knuckles are fun and tasty if you are skilled at removal.
Best lobster roll in NYC. Whole bronzini is the 2nd best dish. Sundae's are amazing too.
Amazing food but crap service.
The meatballs are out of this world. Potato latkes are simply awesome. Steer clear of the KT pastrami sandwich.
Try the apple pie soda has the apple pie flavor
Try the pastrami Reuben egg roll
Gussied up Jewish with fine house-cured pastrami and revamped matzo ball soup that includes farmers' market veggies. Winner of Critics' Choice of  Best of NYC, Best Catskillian!
Good enough food. Rude front of house. Forgetful but pleasant wait staff. Brunch is better than dinner.
Did the restaurant week menu. Latkes. BBQ Beef Brisket. Cookie plate. Everything was tasty but not running back any time soon.
Won't be back, worst knish I ever had, i had such high hopes. It's totally overpriced but what do you want its tribeca they gotta pay the rent. Plus the waiters are too much all over you.
Food was good. Would have liked it better if the interior design had a nostalgic flair.
Ehh, quite bland , far from amazing. My babushka's cooking is much better
Can't go wrong with the KT Pastrami on Rye. Epic.
Kiss your hangover goodbye. Order up some hair of the dog. A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG should do the trick.
You thought nobody could beat your grandmother's matzo ball soup, right? Wrong. Be prepared to lick your bowl clean.
Say hi to the chicken for me and if you haven't gotten enough, say hi to the bagel and lox at brunch. #themenschlife
You *must* try the pastrami. Chicken for two will make you kvell
Head here for brunch, dinner, or a delicious cocktail mixed up by Al Depompeis. Kutsher's offers trendy, modern Jewish food in an inviting atmosphere
Oh and the meatballs!
Romanian steak is amaze, charcuterie too. Don't miss the artichoke salad too.
Get the limonata. Brisket & rib meatballs are the jam.
deli plate
Get Mrs. K's Matzo Ball Soup.
Try the Bungalow Bunny cocktail with a side of schmaltz fries
Inhale the latkes & steak.
Kutsher's Tribeca186 Franklin St. (btwn Greenwich & Hudson St.), New York, NY 10013
Village Voice is excited to have Kutscher's at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
The pickled veggies are delish
The artichoke appetizer is fantastic.  I'll go back just for that.
Apps - Knish, deli plate, chopped liver, kugel Mains - artichoke, quinoa.  Strong service. Great food.  nebbishy waiters, babe.
Needs more powerful horseradish
Great food, good service, rude management
Do the Chef's Table.
Resto-bistro über-sympa dans Greenwich, ouvert jusqu'à 2 heures du mat. Le chef Jim McDuffy nous traite aux petits oignons. Exit les menus, on se laisse faire. Palourdes casino, tartare, lapin. AAA.
A bold statement, but maybe my favorite brunch in the city , everything is good. Especially the egg sandwich and brussel sprouts
Try the Cubanos Sandwich - Toasted bread, yeah that is the secret. Love this place, specially sitting by the windows. (via @Foodspotting)
Must order the Brussels Sprouts w siracha and the salted caramel pudding which is sometimes an off menu special request.
I'm waiting for the food, but that's easy 'cause they play classic rock...just awesome
What to do: Get the shrimp and grits. What not to do: Not get the shrimp and grits.
Fantastic brunch, the Shrimp & Grits and Croque Mademoiselle are great. The Sriracha Brussels Sprouts are a must!
Get free coupons for your favorite Fast Food Restaurant at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Avocado toast with poached eggs and Brussels sprouts. Bloody Mary comes with a beer chaser. Just because.
The Magdalena cocktail is delish. Little sweet, little spicy, refreshing
Brussel sprouts side a MUST have. Avocado toast with poached eggs are divine.
Make friends with shaui
Cute, great for a small meal, wine bar. Not good for groups.
For brunch go for the Croque Mademoiselle - wonderfully delicious and rich!
Spicy Brussels sprouts and roast chicken a must!
Easily one of the best brunches in the city. Get the egg sandwich & a side of the country fried bacon. The siracha brussels sprouts won't disappoint.
If you can't get into this brunch hotspot cross the street to Jefferson's (their sister restaurant) and grab a bloody mary while you wait for them to seat you across the street :)
Hash browns and egg sandwich.
get the roo bar baroom cocktail and the cod or the pork hock
If you order a bloody mary, you get an automatic beerback.  What's not to like?!
get the pork belly with mushrooms and poached eggs served in a cast iron pot. boom
Awesome cocktails. Awesome music. Pretty people. Love this place
Marvel at Gabe Stulman's growing empire...
the whiskey-bourbon-strawberry-rhubarb drink tastes like Sleep No More feels: drowsy, guilty, and enjoyable.
Country fried bacon with tabasco and honey!
Deep fried bacon smothered in honey and hot sauce. My happy place.
Sit at the back bar for comfort, good view of kitchen and surroundings.
Go to brunch here and get the special. It's never a bad decision.
Amazing Smoked Salmon Salad!!
Be prepared to come out your pocket--Moe's is definitely taking advantage of Capitalism
This place is small but busy on a quiet street near a hub of activity. The staff is always friendly. I love the Thai veggie dumplings and their Thai ice tea. Good for friends and small groups.
Basil Fried Rice With Chicken lunch special is like crack. Also, be warned, requesting it to be prepared "Not too spicy" somehow always makes it spicier.
Lunch specials FTW!
The spring rolls, pad thai, and drunken noodles are great! Wash it all down with a Chang, the Thai beer.
Beef drunken noodles are so yummy!!  Their curries are pretty good too!!
Love the drunken noodle; your choice of Shrimp, Chicken, Beef or Vegetarian style. Lunch special comes with spring roll and salad.
Get 10% off your meal with your first check-in!
Mmmm so good. Love that pad see ew!
Great food, but make sure you order ahead or prepare to wait.  They are ALWAYS backed up at lunchtime.
As far as I'm concerned, the drunken noodles with duck is the only thing on the menu.
Spring rolls leave a lot to be desired, green curry = 2 enthusiastic thumbs up, service is chaotic so just come in knowing that.
Lunch special is the move, extra delicious AND it's cheap.
Yummy basil fried rice & drunken noodles. For lunch special, I asked them to replace my salad with soup and spring roll~
Love the music selection; spicy papaya salad is no joke...get it!
The Chicken Rama was okay, but the Drunken Noodles were pretty good. Nice and spicy. If you're looking for a lunch special in the area, theirs is pretty good.
Try the veggie dumplings. Delish!!
Try the chicken kratium - we always order it
Subpar food..... horrible quality beef. Most boring Tom kah soup.
Try the Drunken Noodles (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Thai Mushroom Chicken Soup (via @Foodspotting)
Get here before 8pm...or prepare to WAIT!
The Chicken Pad Thai is excellent.
If there are no tables available, just sit at the bar and eat there.
Get the pad thai with duck!
pad see ew every time!
Great cheap lunch specials. Don't even need to use the 10% off special!
Potjanee Thai Restaurant48 Carmine St (btwn Bleecker and Bedford), New York, NY 10014(212) 627-7745   @PotjaneeThai   potjanee.com
drunken noodle lunch special L2! L2! L2!
Come here for the lunch special and get the Pad Kee Mao.  If you're middle name happens to be danger, ask the waiter to make it spicy!
Duck wrap appetizer is excellent.
Singapore noodles are foodgasmic!
Hands-down the best wok-fried noodles I've had in NYC. Been coming here since 2005 and it keeps getting better. Be liberal with your menu decisions-- you can't go wrong.
Singapore broth noodles very good in coconut curry (but note that they aren't classic "Singapore Noodles")
It's hard to beat the $8.25 lunch special.
Roast pork and wonton noodle soup and really good sake is the way to go here
More hot sauce.
Everyone's right about the singapore noodles, try them!
Awesome pad Thai. Best I've found.
The indonesian soup warms you from head to toe. Colds beware!
Kimchee bun is overrated but like the singaporian noodles
The BBQ pork and crispy wonton soup is great! Filling but very light at the same time,
Mee Goreng!
The roast duck broth noodles is my favorite!
I love all the stuff I have had so far. Try Roasted Duck and Shrimp Wonton Broth Noodles or Bee Hong Gerang Wok Noodles.
The lo mein, of course, and the bee hong goreng are delicious!
the Mee Siam and Soto Ayam are both fabulous!
Decent food but really unsanitary. Woman working behind counter touched the table, her jeans, even picked something up from the floor but transferred food with her bare hands w/o washing them. Gross.
Calamari is a good backup if Roti is out!
Try the Cantonese Fried Rice (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Singapore Noodles!
Grab a seat at the counter and enjoy tasty noodles. Cheap, elbow on the table kind of place.
Sesame wings, pretty damn good. Only $5 too.
The chicken Roti rocks as an appetizer
Greasy if u order anything wok, the waitress is cute tho
The roti and bean sauce is delicious - and so is the Singapore noodle!
The Coconut Shrimp and spicy rice noodle is the best! Smoky wok flavor with other good stuff, too!
I love the Spicy Cold Beancurd Salad, order it every time.
Get the singapore noodles and smile at the cute waiter
Singapore noodles and gai lan. You need nothing more.
Shrimp wonton egg noodle. Done!
Buy three drinks, and the manager gives you one on the house!
Great bartenders, nice and friendly. Music selection is also fantastic. Lots of throwbacks as well as modern. Alcohol selection is great too. A hidden gem that's great to catch up with people at.
Had a reservation but ended up bailing given it was empty at 1230 on a weekday, menu was uninspiring and the place was kind of dumpy. Maitre'D was very kind and… (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Amazing penne vodka!
Strange customer service. Manger was super attentive to our large dinner party but then accidentally spilled vinegar on my clothes and hair and told me "it's just vinegar, you're fine."
If your workplace is a laptop, consider this location your new boffice (bar+office=boffice.) Come for the boffice, stay for the $2.50 happy hour beer… Read more about boffices in NYC on MetroFocus
Speakeasy Prohibition on tap!
Check it out , happy hour mojitos with Cuban music from 7 to 10pm ... Cool
bomb spinach
Impressive French accents. Don't miss the backyard.
hi - we'll have the figs and prosciutto... "Utah! Two."
MN State Fair Day food and bar crawl has partnered with City Tavern for an exclusive event Sat. 8/20 to dish up hot from the oven, fresh baked Sweet Martha's cookies.Get tix at http://t.co/E300fa6
Simple but yummy brunch menu, with $5 Mimosas/Bloody Marys. Buy two get one free. Cheap Happy Hour beers 7 days a week, and cute set up to socialize and watch sports too.
Do not order the sangria. Way too sweet and the "fruit" is tiny pieces of lemon & oranges
Best flip cup table in town
Best coctails,beers all over from world,lunch menu is cheap and a lot of food than other bar menu.especialy beers are cheap at lunch time!
awesome spot. head upstairs for tubini w meatballs!
Don't know if you can describe spinach as smooth. But the spinach is fucking smooth.
Had Bday dinner w/Mrs, she: Penne alla vodka, me: skirt steak. Sat upstairs, quiet (Monday), sweet waitresses, food great, good $, gave us dessert on the house, sang happy Bday. THUMBS UP!
The 2 owners are there most of the day, one is really good at making drinks and the other one cooks. Try the chicken sandwich and the burger. Great prices, great service, hidden gem!
Christine F is the real major!!
Dreams do come true. Fact.
Hitachino beer, very good sangria, and rarely crowded.
Penne Alla Vodka and the service was great!
This place is awesome.
Kind of depressing
Hitachino beer and open doors= world cup perfection!
Great Eats!
Enjoy some of the great Italian food still on the menu left from when this used to be the Italian restaurant Borgo Antico.
Reprise Happy Hour
Bacon Egg Cheese on a roll = Do It
Bacon egg and cheese on sun dried tomato bagel is heaven. And served all day.
I have never seen so many wonderful cream cheese flavors in one place!
Get the bacon and cheddar cream cheese - it's THE BEST!!!
Whole wear everything toasted with butter... Fantastic!
An everything with plain Tofutti is where it's at.
Went for a plain bagel with scallion cream cheese. It was very good! Bacon and eggs on side yummy
whole wheat everything bagels are incredible. place never closes, but the baking happens at ALL HOURS, so you might get a hot bagel at 3pm or 1am
Poppy bagel with scallion - my favorite.
Love the large ice coffees and the staff!
I don't think they pay their people enough based on how customers are treated.
The bagels are great! But avoid the coffee which is repulsive.
Try the jalapeño cream cheese. It's hot!
Have a window for ordering from outside so I can grab food while walking the dog.
They toast everything here. If you don't want your bagel toasted like me, you'll need to tell them not to toast it at least 3 times. Other than that, great bagel shop!
SUPER nice, family owned deli. $3 minimum for Credit Cards and all Boars Head Meats
Onion, garlic or egg bagel with sun dried tomato will start your day right
Eu nunca soube que há tantas opções de queijo, creme, fantastic!
sweetest cashier!!
With all types of bagels and cream cheese this place is a must visit
6+ flavors of Tofutti cream cheese for vegans and lactose-intolerant! So yummy!
Sausage egg and cheese on an egg bagel. You won't regret it.
Bacon. Cheddar. Cream. Cheese.
What's so great about this place that PY comes here everyday?
i'm on diet...LOL :)
Love the fact you can get anything you want at all hours.
bagel bagel bagel...!!!
In his New York Diet, rocker Ted Leo told us his order: an everything bagel with olive tofutti, lettuce, and tomato.
They deliver far with no minimum delivery requirement! But if you order something small please always tip really well to make up for your small order!
I know it's a bagel place but if you order "whiskey town" you get your sandwich on rye toast.
Try the sake cider in the winter
Free wifi, cheap beer and live music
Nice chill jazz
Mediocre food, dorky waitstaff
1 waitress. 20+ customers. No service. Left after 15 mins.
Harpoon IPA on tap
Great people watching at the tables outside.
Live music
Try the fries they are excellent!!
Go here whenever Sarah is on duty. She's the tiny redhead who's hair is rapidly approximating Robert Smiths mane. She's also ex- @GothamNYC and made of awesome! Meet Sarah Booze!
Remember to try the hot chocolate!
Try the eggs Benedict, hot chocolate and blueberry muffin!
Try the mac and cheese!
Checkout the beautiful marble tiles through out the room.
One of the few hotels in Soho with connected rooms. Very recommendable for families with young children.
Lovely hotel with friendly staff, great location!
Nice place in Soho. Rooms are small but pretty. I recommand the breakfast...
Best NYC rooftop...a must in the summer
Corner suite at Mondrian is a must!!!
Be sure to try the brunch at Isola Trattoria & Crudo Bar Saturday and Sunday afternoons, the french toast is amazing!
Great hotel! Very posh. Great location in SoHo.
Nylon Mag party at Mondrian Soho (penthouse and Mr. H).
The powder blue slightly art deco lobby is gorgeous and a terrific place to catch up on some work. And it smells intoxicating!!
Mr.H. Go there. Tip the bartender 10 bucks cash on your first drink. Have fun ;)
Try the watermelon mojito at Soaked Lounge in the penthouse, delicious!
The lobby has the fuzziest of pillows.
Pretty hotel - go for drinks!
Bad service , they aren't attentive to the table, you can walk out w/out paying. Ordered drinks and they never came. Had to order more than twice. Runners/bussers are impeccable and on point.
Take stairs to climb up to your room and live a few days longer. Don't take them when coming down, the steps are short and can't fit 6+ shoe sizes.
There are fresh apples waiting for you in the fitness center.
As you enter Mondrian Soho you walk through the Tunnel of Love, a decompression chamber. Transition from chaotic city reality to the fantasy world of Mondrian.
Flush the restroom to hear a T-Rex. No kidding.
Go too top floor, the views from the terraces are excellent.
One of the best hotel bars in NYC......Go outside and hang out on the swing
je trouve que cela est super ce que vous dites
Careful on the porch swing...she'll bite your calves if you go to high!
Way jiggy hotel in the middle of Soho. Peaceful, clean, and  modern hotel. You can't go wrong here.
Doing a bit of day drinking? A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG Gin is calling your name.
Such a lovely hotel and right next to work literally, <3
Lots of fun going on here, check out the drinks, and surroundings. What a site to see. Great place to visit.
Had drinks there late last spring - decor is breathtaking!!
@ZagatNYC : #30under30 2012
Most beautiful place in NYC for brunch. Good food but possibly the worst service in NYC. Not rude, just consistently stupid and bad. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great DJ starting at 12.30pm on Sunday's for Sunday brunch
And for Lunch the Hamachi Crudo is refreshing, spicy and light. Super clean
If you are here for breakfast or brunch the oatmeal is awesome
Pure Wow recos Tuna Crudo, Burrata pizza
Dine under a NYC sky without Mosquitos, rain, snow, humidity or street smells, year-round, in one of the few atrium restaurants in Manhattan.
The octopus was amazeballs. We ordered 3 plates it was so good.
Get the Tartufo desert! Brownie and gelato...
Great value and always fresher then the deli. Stop by davidbartongym after you pick up your fruit for a complementary workout. Ask for Oliver.
The chicken enchiladas are extremely spicy.
Their huevos rancheros give me a reason to get up on Sunday mornings.
Compliment the food (and you will because its That. Good.) to the waiter and get a free re-fill on wine. Both quaint AND bomb.
Get the Huevos Divorciados with Steak.  Not on the menu, regular's secret.
Little neighborhood gem. Outdoor seating is nice.
Hanger steak for dinner & chocolate creme brule for dessert and I promise you will be on cloud 9.
dinner is amazing! make sure to get the chocolate creme brulee for dessert!
Don't miss: enchiladas suizas french toast, huevos rancheros, croissant w bacon * eggs.
Free wi-fi:)
The chicken enchiladas are soooo good.
This is my new favorite place, you can't go wrong with the menu, order anything. Cute spot.
Tip on Carrot and Cilantro Soup: "Creamy and sweet, perfect for winter".
Tip on Beatles Music: "Least expected kind of music".
The three cheese portobello salad and chocolate creme brulee are doper than narcotics.
Great Mexican brunch! The huevos rancheros was perfect, nice staff and jazz music :)
Huevos con chorizo are a must
Huevos rancheros for breakfast, chicken enchiladas for lunch.  Also the tacos al pastor.  Amazingly good place.  Superb strong coffee too.  Really nice waiters.
Open early for your choice of breakfast or brunch. Favorites are the croissant w/jam, huevos rancheros, and the torta de milanesa. The granola w/yogurt & berries never does you wrong either. Enjoy!
Order the Huevos Rancheros for breakfast.
The food was disgusting and the whole place smells like old fish. Not coming back here..
Great espresso and food!!
Check yo croissant...there may be hair on them, yeesh
In the morning, the omelet is great. Try one. Comes with a salad.
The weekend brunch is probably when Café Condesa is at its liveliest. The volume turns up as friends discuss the latest news and gossip over coffee and chorizo, eggs, & Jack cheese on a croissant.
best place for brunch in the village
The affogato and chocolate souffle are amazing!
Wine Enthusiast 2009 Restaurant Award Winner
Really nice servers.  Amazing homemade croissants.  Try the Cobb salad
The pork chop is really great.
Recommend the French Toast!
They have snacks around 4:45.
Tuesday we get bagels
Make sure you use the soap in the bathrooms, it will leave your hands feeling so fresh an so clean clean
Stay away from the smoothies at Cosi! They melt away in an instant after which they're just a sugary mess!
Great salads!!
Do NOT come here to do work - the wifi connection is incredibly spotty and lasts 3-5 minutes max before resetting. Many other cafes in the area that don't skimp - try them instead.
Tomato and Basil Soup is the TOP.
Try the Falafel Sandwich - Basil & pignoli nut hummus. Great tahini.  (via @Foodspotting)
The best cafe mocha with soy milk I've ever had.
Try the Egg Salad Club Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
The margarita pizza is delicious after adding copious amounts of salt and pepper!
An extra piece of Cosi bread is only a dollar extra!
Great strawberry lemonade.
They no longer accept Campus Cash :(
Try the hummus & veggies sandwich!
Had a hard, stale muffin the other day. Went back later to complain and they took the price off my lunch. Anything is good on their fresh baked bread, esp the chicken club. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Had a hard, stale muffin the other day. Went back later to complain and they took the price off my lunch. Anything is good on their fresh baked bread, esp the chicken club. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Had the hard, stale muffin the other day. Went back later to complain and they took the price off my lunch. Anything is good on their fresh baked bread, esp the chicken club. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They will drown your salad in dressing! Get it on the side, or ask for half the amount
Get the free cosi card.
If you're a soup and salad kind of person, Getting a large soup and a side salad costs less than their half and half offer.
Show a cashier that you've checked in and they'll give you a free 16oz drink!
Students should come after 4pm for their $10 dinner special - sandwich, soup, desert, + WiFi.  Perfection!
Grosse Fenster zum Broadway Gucken...
Horrible service and always dirty. Does anyone ever clear the tables?
Try Bombay salad. Awesome.
Try dunking the chicken pesto panini in the tomato basil soup! Golden!
Holy crap, Spicy mustard is intense >__<
Some of the worst coffee anywhere. Unreasonably priced. Dirty bathrooms, too.
Try the pizza. It's excellent.
Try the soda machine- so great.
Enjoy the warmth instead of waiting in a queue in cold for max breener .... ;)
Inefficiency at it's finest. Breakfast sandwiches can easily take 20+ minutes even with no line in sight. Astonishing idiocy.
In the 10 Commandments Bldg. Tasty & unpretentious French-American cuisine.7,000 square-foot-space also has film showings, music, authors & artists dinners creating a cool version of a Jazz Age salon.
“Like the service, the food is uneven but friendly.” The appetizers are a strong suit, and they are “justifiably proud” of their rotisserie. For dessert, head straight for the fragrant franzipan cake.
Roomy space with peaceful vibe. Bar snack: mussels in cream sauce or selection of charcuterie. Great salads (hazelnut), pork chop, octopus. My vegetarian friend got a special risotto made for him.
Eater recommends the franzipan cake.
Poached salmon was fantastic, prices are great for a light lunch.
A bourbon cocktail with the name like noble tash? is great!
Try the Polenta - So tasty. (via @Foodspotting)
Go for the creamy garlic, shallot and uni-flecked fettuccine served with razor clams in their shells:
For lunch The sublime cauliflower soup makes a delectable starter and you won't go wrong with the Oyster Po boy.
We are now open for lunch! Walk right in or make a reservation through www.alisoneighteen.com
Breakfast is now open!
Stop by and have a nice dinner at the bar with our wonderful bar team!
The cocktail list is classic & the wine list well-curated. The cellar offers a small but thoughtful list of about 150 bottles with a focus on small producers and bio-dynamic selections.
Chef Alison Price Becker opened this restaurant yesterday. Look for French-influenced American dishes such as mussels with crème fraîche and chestnut-honey cake with yogurt sabayon and figs.
Opening Day - January 31st
Mac 'N Cheese is great
Skip going tonight-they are having a private party... :(
Hands down my favorite tomato soup
Pro tip: mix some tomato soup into your mac and cheese. You won't regret it!
Have some Old Amsterdam Cheese next time you stop at Murray's Cheese Shop-- we produce delicious aged Gouda, Find out more here http://oldamsterdam.com/
Very disappointed.  First time we had grilled cheese here it was awesome appx one year ago.  For $14 it was toasted bread NO cheese. No joke you could not see or taste cheese. BAD
Come for one great grilled cheese Yum
The staff love their hats!
Store is incredibly overpriced.  Lots of the same stuff as whole foods at a 50% markup.
Free wifi. Coffee upstairs. Cocktails downstairs. And cheese in the middle. What's not to love?
Mac and cheese is DELICIOUS!  So is the tomato soup!
muito bom e legal também
looking to satisfy that grilled cheese craving? Beecher's delivers the goods on all levels.
Lots of love for the Mac & Cheese, the real standout is their house-made cheese curds.
Fig And Cheese: It's a thin spread of fig jam that meets Beecher's own Flagship cheese, melty like Cheddar but a little nuttier and tangier,
great place...
Grilled Cheese and fig was the best I have ever had so yummy . we be going back often
Stop in for a sample or buy some Mac and cheese. If not for nothing take a look at the factory!
Love the wine selection and happy hour
The Mac & cheese is amazing!
Mac'n cheese is too creamy for my taste (and not burnt) but the grilled fig & cheese panini & tomato soup are to die for.
We love the grilled cheese and fig sandwich.
GO HERE FOR THE GRILLED CHEESE MARTINI
Try the Fig And Cheese Sandwich - Sooo good (via @Foodspotting)
Watch them make the cheese while you munch on a grilled cheese sandwich. It also has a great selection of quality American-made artisan cheese.
Plain curds all the way!
Good happy hour wine/beer specials.
Cheese samples!
Eat everything. Oh and cheap wine too!
Kale & black-eyed peas. No, seriously. Trust me.
Malai kofta, garlic naan, eat half, take half home for dinner!  Also, sometimes if u use the seamless app to order, there's coupons!!!!
Note to Self: Eggs in the Potato and Eggs were a little gross.  Stick to the Veggies.
Shrimp curry with rice taste superb:)
Lamb is Halal
Trying to order small portions here is an adventure, but it can be done.
The samosas are a meal on its own.
Good food cheap. Me and the team eat here once a week.
Food's not that great. There are better places out their for indian food.
The naan is only 1 dollar!!!
Renamed to "Bombay's"
Chicken curry, soo good, Salt Lassi... too salty
Try the lamb with chickpeas. You WILL be full
http://tiny.cc/YaTe2b - Get the best iTunes Podcast Music! House & Electronic Beatz!
Eh. Eat somewhere else. Burger tasted like boiled ground beef, no flavor. Sweet potato fries not bad. Looks like a pub, doesn't feel like it
Love the grilled cheddar cheese (no bacon, no tomato) and a Stella
Thai Iced Tea Ice Cream. That's it.
duck laab salad!!!
The Thai style noodles w braised meat is unreal, get it
Outstanding music selection
Harold Dieterle may be Long Island-born, but he knows his way around Thai cooking. At Kin Shop, the ur-Top Chef mixes traditional dishes, Western technique, and local ingredients to maximum effect.
Delicious! Go for the black noodle dish, you won't regret it!
So so so soooo good!!! Sticky rice. Duck as an entrée. Black noodle. Pork and fried oyster salad as an appetizer!
Try the pork meatball soup! Amazing
Must haves: drink? Shiso crazy. Gotta love the name! Food: Fried Brussels sprouts with Chinese sausage and Northern Thai curry noodles with the most amazing braised beef. Hmmm... So good!
The Bone Marrow is fantastic! Red:Duck is excellent. Definitely coming back again and again. YUM!
The thai ice tea ice cream is fantastic. Not too sweet and only three bucks!
Jungle curry w skate and calamari
The braised skate and calamari is great ... If you like it spicy get it ... I have eaten spicier hotter Thai so don't be put off by the 3 stars warning. Eat it with roti. Crispy !
Fried Broccoli & Chinese Sausage. Garam Masala & Tomato Soup. Red: Roasted Duck Breast. Thai Fried Chicken. All w/ a side of Crispy Roti. You'll love yourself for ordering any of the above.
The Duck Laab salad Is delicious. The Thai fried chicken is obviously a must.
Taste: Massaman Curry Braised Goat with fried shallots, purple yams, mustard greens, and peanuts or Red Curry Roasted Duck Breast with crispy roti, green mango, fresh herbs, and tamarind water
Try anything duck-related! If you handle the heat go for the duck laab!
Try the Northern Thai Style Curry Noodle - Creamy but not heavy, hearty yet refreshing! Dish of the night.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fried Pork & Crispy Oyster Salad - A mouth of  passionate flavor. Top Chef Master @harolddieterle wows. Thanks @lonbinder @foodmayhem for the advice.  (via @Foodspotting)
Food you'll remember for a while. Very unique take on Thai food. Didn't think I'd like the squid ink soup. I was wrong. Laab pretty good. Brisket yellow curry was excellent. Roti+jams a fun appetizer
"My mouth feels like I made out with a thousand hornets right now.  But in a good way." - my dining companion
Grub St: "Bell & Evans birds in ginger, garlic, lemongrass, oyster sauce, and Thai shrimp paste for 24 hrs. Dredged in rice flour and an Asian cereal and deep-fried, with herbs, fish-chili sauce."
Bring your kin
Really great flavors, but no it's not 'real thai' food, portions are also a little small
The braised goat curry is phenomenal. So rich. So good.
Steamed fried rice with mussels and Chinese broccoli & sausage = all you need in life. Bonus: Gary Shteyngart at the bar.
My go-to plates: pork meatball soup & fried oysters  with peanuts
Fried broccoli. Enough said.
Sit at the bar for a great experience...the bartenders are super friendly and helpful with the menu.
Thai Fried Chicken!
Specialized in Hong Kong Cuisine
Try the Roast Pork Wonton Noodle Soup with extra vegetables (and/or meat). Heaven in a bowl- and a real meal- for less than $6!
When ordering take out..make sure they know exactly what you want. They continue to mess my food order up.
Best fried wontons I've ever had.  Other great dishes, Chow Fun, Stuffed Eggplant & Pepper In Black Bean Sauce & the Pan Fried Noodles.  All of their soups are fantastic.
Well respected BBQ.
duck noodle soup :-)
****Mediocre food - rude service****My visit there for a quick lunch was marred by a very rude waiter - who was rude when taking my order and when I was about to leave asked me why I had not left a
Roast Pork Wonton Noodle Soup. ;)
Best shrimp wonton soup in the city.  This place is on my block and people come from BX to eat here.
Got the steamed chicken and vegetable delight, but the Roast Pork Wonton with Dumplings looked amazing.
Best duck noodle soup in NYC. So cheap and delicious.
Best coffee in the neighborhood
good  very good.
This is the best NYC neighborhood deli you could ask for. Always friendly, great over-stuffed sandwiches, fresh chips and open late. Ah.... chelsea livin!
Curry chicken salad sandwich on toasted whole-wheat YUM!!
Best coffee in the neighborhood
I am so glad I live in Chelsea so that I am near this place. Delivery is lightning quick and it's the best bacon/egg/cheese on a bagel (with hot sauce!) ever.
Best bacon egg and cheese in the hood. Insane drink selection. Guys behind the counter are so great.
Whether you call it taylor ham or pork roll, L&M has it which is rare in the city.  Order a nice taylor ham, egg, & cheese sandwich for breakfast.  NJ/PA natives know what I am talking about.
Their egg sandwiches are the best in this neighborhood. Also they have an incredible selection of drinks. Note: cash only.
Try the fresh roast beef or turkey. If you get the turkey right out of the oven, it makes for one delicious sandwich. With complimentary pickle from Larry, of course.
Try the West Lake Soup.
There's one really mean waitress that pisses me off all the time but this place has pretty yummy lunch specials and affordable too!
Try the Spare Ribs Over Rice - Family dinner. Tough audience pleased. (via @Foodspotting)
Across the street from comfort inn, for late night food
This place is cash only and is just okay.
Food is pretty good. Only problem, the napkins are dirty. I.e they just refold used napkins and do not wash them. I ha to ask for a new napkin 2x before they finally have me a clean one.
Yum! Don't miss the eggplant dolmas w lamb.  Mussels and shrimp dishes are delish too.
Lamb sandwiches. You will not be disappointed.
This places is amazing! The mussels are RIDICULOUS! Also all of the wines from the GA'IA winery are incredible. My personal faves are the Thalassitis (white, Asyrtiko grape) and 14-18 hour (rose).
Sardines with tomato confit is a must. Eat the head!
Get the pulled Greek lamb sandwiches!
The mussels are perhaps the most perfect mussels I've ever tasted. The lamb chops are also very amazing. If you're doing saganaki, the oven baked one was delicious!
It might be the birth of the Greek tapas bar - indulge yourself withsome of the pita sandwiches or something from the Pitarakia portion ofthe menu.
Skip entrees and go for meatballs, shrimp, stuffed grape leaves, and Greek salad as shared tapas. Service is spotty but only a month new. Ask for a couch.
The Paidakia Galaktos Stin Schara is a mouthful in more ways then one - these baby lamb chops served with lemon potatoes and broccoli rabe are number 10 on Robert Sietsema’s top lamb dishes inNYC.
Food was good.  Service was absolutely awful!!!  Wait staff was disorganized and had no idea how to sequence their customers.  Take out would be the best/only option for this place.
Try the Fried Cheese (via @Foodspotting)
This small-plates Greek restaurant just opened in the East Village. The dinner menu includes warm smoked potato-seafood salad and a selection of small savory pies
Walk an extra few steps to Sunny & Annie. Much better selection.
The younger guy that works there is cool, everyone else suck.
Where I need to be!!!
Their cappuccino cupcakes are da bomb
Try the Almond A'more cupcake. Moist, rich, and just a hint of almond flavor. Complete deliciousness.
Try the expanded menu featuring cookies, muffins, brownies and more!
Don't come here to share. You will get into a fight if you do.
The awesome lady in the van let a little crying girl, who got in a wreck on Broadway, in the van for a free cupcake and to help sell. Patronize this business.
More people come in to use the restroom than for coffee, fact.
This location still had the free coffee tumblers as of jan 4
For all Starbucks- if you're not counting calories, request whole milk. 2% is standard.
Don't come here on a weekend in December. Most crowded Starbucks in the world.
Dirty bathroom!!! Ewww
Try to avoid this Starbucks location. All time bad services on rush hours.
Worst Starbucks ever, given chai instead of coffee... 3 TIMES.
You won't find them everywhere but this Starbucks offers the Trenta size so if you're looking for an embarrassingly large caffeinated icy cold drink, look no further.
They are currently installing restored subway benches for seating. Ew
Their restroom is out of order. :(
You have to stay in the store to get refills. Did you see me leave the store!? Don't tell me stupid things, give me my damn refills.
Fast nice service, enough seats
Long line for bathroom and NOT the cleanest! (Pretty gross for SB)
Most ghetto Starbucks I've ever seen.
Don't wait in line for the bathroom... Go to Bloomingdale's Soho across the street... It's cleaner with no line!
This is the place every tourist in soho stops to use the bathroom. They should sell tickets.
This store doesn't know their beans. Go to spring st. Much nicer Starbucks
The only Starbucks bathroom I have gagged in repeatedly from all of the piss people have left on the floor
Bring Clifford back!
Free wifi use it wisely dwnld SNOCRU 4 FREE in your app store
Love that they have low cal frappucinos now, and eggnog lattes are delish.
The line is always so long!!!! And there's always a lot of people who come in to go pee!!
if you wait in line for the bathroom bring a camp out tent...
Make sure dat im da 1 who makes ur drinks ;-)
I have a new fav drink!!!!! Salted Caramel Hot Chocolte!!! (SCHC)
Starbucks is stupid. Save your money and brew you own drugs at your house.
Upload photos via our website peopleofstarbux.com or for mobile uploads email it - photos@peopleofstarbux.com.  Find us on FB and Twitter - @PeopleofStarbux.
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
Try a delicious Iced Passion Tea Lemonade today!!! Or if you're adventurous pump a little raspberry in it as well!! Yummy!!!
Who is this Steven guy? Did he ever stop to think that the baristas are just doing their job and maybe he should smart enough to know the pastries aren't gluten free? Or maybe hes just clueless. Yeah?
Place was closed.
goooooooood
gostei do local.... Ótimo.
Sadly closed :(
Never open. I give up trying to eat here.
Queer for fun let's run to it!!!!!!!!!!!! $Richie Rich$ & Amy Graeff Presents... PIN UP-Queer Dance Party With Resident DJ Lezz Van Halen!! Starting August 2nd 2012 From 10 pm to Close
Great beer selection!
Everything was great but the avocado dip rocked!!! You need to try it.
Try the artichoke dip you will be amazed.
Severely overpriced nosh. Skip on over to the dozens of other Chelsea restaurants with dishes & ambiance that are way more satisfying than this.
The General Manager is crazy. Watch out.
Cheap brunch with unlimited mimosas. Win!
Redwood presents a modern American comfort, a traditional cooking technique using the best and high quality fresh ingredients form the farm to the table.
Get the sautéed squid and chicken two ways...AMAZING
Expensive for what you get, bad service... The place does look nice but I won't go back for sure.
The disco fries are good, but everything else was disappointing or just ok. The menu is very limited and they don't offer much beyond salads, burgers, and sandwiches.
Disco fries are boss, squid is forgettable, fried oysters a caloric regret, wine tantamount to dirty H2O. Fri pm manager is rude, irresponsible, abusive. Won't be returning ever!
Limited menu but nice decor and great service.
And the skinny ginger waiter is ridiculously cute :)
Three of us had pork chop, steak and eggs, and grilled cheese and all were excellent. The blue deviled eggs were really heavy on the blue cheese, though.
Disco fries are awesome. Overall food and drinks good but the service is pretty bad
You'll surely enjoy the fancied-up disco fries w/ fontina fondue & sage gravy.
Small portions and they will literally give you a glass of wine that is more than half empty. The fries are nice and plump.
Try the Split Pea Soup W/ Braised Pork Belly - Can't go wrong w/ the addition of pork belly  (via @Foodspotting)
Late for Brunch? At RKB every Sunday is all day Brunch. Unlimited Brunch Drinks from 4pm to 9pm.
The steak and eggs are awesome!!!!
Incredible charred green goodness salad. Get it with grilled steak.
After a soft opening, this Chelsea diner with an Airstream as a bar is raring to go. Upgrades on doughnuts, liver and onions and split-pea soup come courtesy of chef Rebecca Weitzman.
You want to order the sweet and savoy. They put an egg on it. :)
They don't accept AMEX which is really annoying.
Terrible food, drinks are pricey and have little alcohol, server kept trying to rush us. And I'm not feeling well now...
Херня, не сильно вкусно
Try the Ginger Fried Rice - Awesome (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Coconut Sticky Rice (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Char Grilled Chicken - With kumquat lemongrass dressing. This is the juiciest chicken I've ever eaten in my life. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Onion and chili crusted short ribs, egg noodles and pea shoots - Excellent short ribs (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spiced Chicken Samosas - With cilantro yogurt. Excellent. (via @Foodspotting)
Had char grilled chicken and Vietnamese chicken curry. Desert had ovaltine kulfi..nice place for special occasions
The coconut chicken soup was ordinary, the pumpkin soup was the best soup i ever had!!! The chicken wings were bursting with flavor, maybe too much flavor.. Duck curry was great, i highly rec it.
Padan cake!
Best tiramisu ever!
Great exotic menu in the meatpacking district.
There's an ever changing mural outside on the brick. Be sure to check that out.
kkkkkkk show
só na boa veio
Cocktails are also quite good.
Excellent Food !! the Kumquat Mojitos are amazing :-)
Start with the salmon tartare, then get the curry duck or the lobster. Finish with the coconut sorbet (coconut cake is rather oversweet). Don't forget to order the Thai iced tea or kumquat mojito!
Love the chicken pakoras and the Thai Iced Jewels! You cant go wrong with any of the cocktails
Great atmosphere but not so good food. crab dumplings disappointing, green curry  - bland, watery. red curried duck was okay. Also, very limited choices for vegetarians.
Don't try the green curry with vegetables. It's not a bit spicy and doesn't taste like anything!
deliciousss!!
Char grilled chicken with kumquat lemongrass dressing is the best chicken dish by far
The tasting menu is definitely good value ($50). Awesome food, although the dessert selection in the tasting menu was kind of average. Also definitely try the Yuzi Lemon Drop cocktail.
Hamachi tater tots with spicy mayo. Do it.
Get the delicious special spice market menu. 48$ dollars per person but so worth it!
Love the spicy thai slaw!
Try the lychee martini. You'll thank me.
Three words: Coconut Sticky Rice
For those missing the flavors of Asian homecooking, a hiddem gem: chili-garlic egg noodles w/ grilled shrimp   star anise
The Limelight NYE 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
heirloom salad w/ ricotta sorbet + mimosa. omg!
Beautiful outdoor garden/patio. You feel like your dining in the South of France during the summer nights. Amazing oysters.
This used to be the Spider Club, the VIP area of Avalon.
Gorgeous setting in an old church on 20th. Pick the high tables closer to the door if you're not church mouse-friendly like me. It's lovely in the garden, but you're not alone!
The heirloom tomato salad here is unique and seriously delicious.
New. French. The ground floor has a wine bar with small plates and casual Gallic dishes like salads, cold lobster and steak frites. A spacious Provençal garden area offers the same menu and a raw bar
Mix between vibe of The Lion and Waverly Inn
Healthy bites that don't eat up your cash.
Wheat grass shots to the head.
When they say large coffee they mean it! 32oz :-)
Citizen Cope then Van morrison on rotation here....not bad
Literally hidden, blinds were down I loved it they don't want notoriety. Steak was good sides were ok the prices were fair  And it had a lounge area if u don't want to eat. Sexy ambiance will be back
Steak Frites + an Ommegang Witte for $20! (Available at lunch only)
Add the blue and chive chapeau AND then black truffle butter to the steak---perfect combo
Willakenzie bottle of wine. Best wine ive had in a long time.
Dylan Prime62 Laight St. (at Greenwich St.), New York, NY 10013(212) 334-2274   @dylanprime   dylanprime.com
Mac and cheese is a must!
Don't bother with the bar.
cheesecake martini omg!!!
Ask for the secret appetizer: Black truffle lobster Wellington. It's off the charts!
Service was pleasant but slow. Steak was delicious.
Filet w/ foie gras butter chapeux, lobster & truffle mac & cheese, asparagus, and a giant martini. Mmmm. Allow some time for a nap afterwards and a 10+ mile run the next day.
Best steakhouse in TriBeCa.
Mud Pie Pie-tini is the greatest thing ever invented.
Awesome filet mignon. And their steak sauce is excellent.
When dining with a bachelor party, make sure to call ahead and request a private room. Party like you’re a room full of mobsters with the Bachelor as the Don.
Chef Jason is in the house!
Grab a seat in the Lounge and have the Pre Fixe with the Marinated Skirt Steak. Or order the Smoke Short Rib or the Bistro Steak.
Try the bite sized beef wellingtons and the White Pepper Basil Caipirinha.
Huge bar space with mini beef wellingtons and pork belly tater tots. Holy yum.
I loved the New York, Steak & Tuna Tartare.
Try the Lobster Wellington and spot it on Foodspotting!
Best chocolate ice-cream EVER (oh, and the meat is amazing too, btw)
Great bday celebration spot! Thanks to my amazing gf
Fondue was delicious, despite the stale bread accompaniment. Also recommend the $20 football brunch. It comes with the soup of the day -- we received a delectable lobster bisque.
Great burgers with a mellow, upscale environment. Definitely recommended.
Ask for two quail eggs w/ the steak tartare
When making reservations for an anniversary or something make sure you TELL THEM IT IS.  They hooked us up with a pretty good table and extra attentitive service.
Great steaks and hang out bar.
Get the passion berry martini, they grind peppercorns in it and, don't ask me why, but it tastes like Christmas
Karaoke Wednesdays?! Amazing! First time to sing karaoke... Here! It was awesome!
$3.50 margaritas and delicious pulled pork, this place is a fantastic find
Oyster Po' Boy at lunch is amazing.
All you can eat ribs on Wednesdays.
Just had generous amounts of southern fried chicken, cheddar grits, slaw, and five mimosas for $20 TOTAL including tax and tip. Good food, great service despite it being super busy, excellent deal.
cheap margaritas, wednesday nights are a lot of fun because it's karaoke night!
For the hour-long unlimited brunch they're not bad, but I wouldn't order them at regular price.
Happy hour margaritas, only $3.50!!! Strong & delish!
The greens have pork in em! But they're frikin deeeeeeelish!!!!
These $3 margaritas are strong! Not watered down at all.
$3.50 margaritas!
Frozen margaritas are awesome!
Love all you can drink brunch - Great with a group of friends! Plus, Ricotta pancakes are amazing!
The food is not good.
The service is kind of awful.
Pretty good Eggs Benedict. Not bad for 14.95 with a drink included.
Mac and cheese is awesome. Really laid back place, good prices.
The service gets worse EVERY time. After 10mins and our waiter still didn't come to our table. Too busy watching tv and chatting with other people. I never walked out of a place until Bone Lick Park
Apparently the great service we received the first time at brunch was a fluke. It has gotten progressively worse every time we've come. Sad really.
The brunch is pretty good and the drinks make it all better :)
Come for brunch and wash down your order of Fried Chicken with Cheddar Grits with an hour of unlimited frozen margaritas (or bloody mary’s or mimosas).
A great place to enjoy a honest food and a good cheap drink.
Service is friendly but extremely slow!!! Ruined the whole meal!
$3.50 margaritas and mojitos!
A lot of comments here about the hot wait staff. They're not wrong. Gracious!
3.50 margaritas and mojitos....all night...decent food too
Great brunch, great BBQ, hang out for a while.  Has a following of hipsters, rowdy gays, and fashionistas-in-training.
Food sucks and the service is horrible.
Cheap mojitos!!!  southern style food included sweet potato fries, ribs, sliders and mac and cheese... If you need a night out with friends and don't have lots of money to blow this is your best bet!
$14.95 Unlimited Boozy Brunch with muffins Weekends 11:30-4:00
Liz is the queen of hospitality!
If they're out of pickles, don't wait. I waited over 5 min. And practically finished my sandwich by then.
A great deal for lunch. You can get a sandwich, chips, and large pickle for less than 10 bucks. Boom.
The New Mediterranean is delish! Add peppers for an even bigger kick!
Friendliest restaurant staff in the city. Stop by to remember there are nice people in the world. And have an excellent sandwich while you're at it.
Wreck on wheat, duh.
Best chicken salad sandwich anywhere. Don't forget the hot peppers (on the side if you're timid)!
The strawberry shakes are AWESOME...& the come with two cute little cookies on the straw!!!
Opened June 2012, Potbelly serves toasted sandwiches with the freshest ingredients. Bonus points for lots of seating and super-friendly staff.
I'm actually super nice working 4-close for opening day come seee meee =)
Watch out for a cashier named aj she has a major tude!! Lol
One of the better places to charge your phone/sit with your phone. Been sitting here for hours and am not the only person sitting w an empty tray playin w thier iPhone. But only one plug.. Look hard
The Zatarain's Butterfly Shrimp is pretty good.
Slowest service ever- been in line for half an hour- there's only  been 6 people in front of me...
They have an outlet in here to charge your phone; it's eight under the mural of the blue man with the shrimp.
Popeye's chicken is the shiznit
Don't forget to ask for honey for your biscuit and hot sauce for your fried chicken. Mmmm...
DO NOT ENTER!!! ...the worst customer service ever .. Painfully slow service and cold questionable food
Delicious!
The seafood salad and rabbit crostini special are well worth your attention!
Great atmosphere, attentive and knowledgeable staff, excellent food and decent prices. Crostini is a great way to start. Any ravioli or handmade, filled pasta are amazing. Rucola salad is nice too.
Polpettine (meatballs). Rucola (salad). Gramingna (pasta). Grigliata mista (mixed grill meat plate). All these things are my favorites. Also gelato for dessert.
Pra quem gosta de Jack Daniel's peça "Old Fashion"
Manda o barman preparar o seu drink a escolha dele com os sabores q vc gosta!!!
Not a typical italian restaurant! If you are looking for typical italian pasta or pizza, don't go here! Its also expensive and the hostess are not polite because the place is crowded anyway!
ok pasta, skip the dessert! maialino is way better
Crostini like no other!
Try the Dry-Aged NY Strip (via @Foodspotting)
Fantastic food from  Emilia-Romagna!
Yummy capelleti, avoid the gianduja cake for dessert it's terrible.
Mmm.... get the polenta.
Grub Street off-menu dish: Brunch Sub. "Brunch diners at Michael White's Soho spot can get a sandwich of guanciale, a fried egg, and taleggio on a house-made bun. On the side: Pecorino potatoes."
The corn gelato with caramel corn was the most amazing dessert.
Osteria Morini recently introduced a number of moderately priced sandwiches & flatbread dishes to the lunchtime menu, made with things like porchetta,skirt steak, and prosciutto & mortadella meatballs
For dessert,don't miss the gelato - especially the caramel-biscotti flavor. One of the greatest ice cream favors ever!
Come here after 9:30 p.m. when all pastas are only $10:
Best italian place i've been...capelletti was out of this word, really good service. Overall a great experience.
Affogato dessert (the one with espresso, an aperitif and ice cream). It's like a succubus in a glass. Do not miss it.
One of the best rustic Italian joints downtown. Savor the delicious home made pasta but skip dessert.
Monday night is Service Industry Night - all pastas are $10 after 9:30pm...basically half price! Amazing and delicious.
Tried the garganelli, the stracci, the grilled asparagus side, and the squash blossoms appetizer. It was all really good. The stracci especially.
Lots of bar-seating hate that I think is a bit unwarranted. The bar was cozier and less stuffy-family-style-dining than the main room. Cool, calm, attentive bartenders taboot! Two bar seats, please.
Get the stracci with mushrooms.
Veal is the best!
amazing pastas
The rabbit porchetta is a new, badass addition to the menu. Eggy goodness runs over every bite!
veal agnolotti with duck liver mousse
My best pro tip for dinner-for-two:  skip the entres and order 3 pastas.  Any three, no wait, make sure one of them is the Garganelli.
Really average food for really average prices. And the "famous" burger is a fraud, idk how it got that name... famously dry n average
it was ok, except for the flies, roaches around our food, of which I caught the waitress munching on.
Definitely lacking a sense of urgency behind the counter.
All regular footlongs are $5 in October
If you want your sandwich done properly it helps if you are fluent in seven languages.
The guys behind the counter are pretty hard to understand.
Mike makes the best Lattes!
fui lá somenta lavar as mãos sujas de pipoca Boku's
Try the Salmon Crudo (via @Foodspotting)
I loved the Crostini selection (esp. Salmon/Ricotta+Citrus+Cilantro)! The Zucchini/Pesto Ricotta+Pine Nut and red sangria were also wonderful.
beef carpaccio is the best you'll ever have.
Still a personal favorite. Great ambiance and decor, superb food. I love the chicken tagine and steak tartare. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome place, amazing atmosphere, great service. Love it!
Great for Restaurant Week. Try the jalapeno cocktail - amazing and zingy!
Laid back enviroment, classy out door dining area! fish and drinks are amazing!
I came here for restaurant week and the Truffle Risotto was so rich and savoury
Great food!
Love this place! Everything is so good
Always perfect for tagines
Amazing scrambled eggs for brunch!
Fig and walnut julep
truffle risotto. MUST
The manchego crustini is very well balanced and the honey they use has such robust flavor.
Per my previous post. I mentioned it to the manager and he totally made it up to us.
BEWARE. If you get a drink at the bar during brunch then do the prix prixe the restaurant can't 'transfer the drinks'. What the heck!!!! Douchebaggery.
Can we talk about the Panne Frattau Pizze? Delicious.
Great lunch - tomato and mozzarella salad.
Gorgeous interior. Good for a date or group of friends. Food and wine are impeccable. Try the crostinis, penne fungi tartufo, filet mignon, and chocolate pot de creme. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Penne with Funghi, add Chicken and GO FOR IT!
Crostinis and cheese plates highlight Fig & Olive's strength in combinations of fresh delicious ingredients.
Tapas never tasted so good!
One of my favorite spots! Food is amazing!!!
Excellent service but bland, boring food. Go elsewhere if you care about flavor.
the side of spinach is good!
Prosciutto and Copa crostinis! Do it.
catch me if you can twitter.com/djbfine
Great chicken tagine.
Go to Coolhaus instead. Way better
n addition to churning out traditional sandwiches, Melt Bakery concocts unusual combinations such as the Thai Fighter, with curried coconut cookies and chocolate chili ice cream.
Stop at the meltbakery cart on The Highline for an ice cream sandwich, refreshingly delicious. The Zen (gingerdoodle cookies sandwiching green tea ice cream) is orgasmic.
friendly staff, AND BYOB! One of my favorite sushi places in the city
The usualy NYC sushi place. Sushi okay not amazing. Service is friendly. Still makes me nostalgic for west coast sushi which is so much better than sushi in NYC. :(
Can't get enough of this place :-)
Cheap, quiet, BYOB...
love the sushi
Fresh sushi and they have brown rice rolls
Free Pacifico beer when you like this place on Facebook and show the bartender
Tried the Cajun fish taco since thats the one that's recommended but actually the shrimp was much better! No frills place but with full bar which is great. Staff was very nice too - would come back!
West Coast import. I like their Tilapia with brw rice & beans.
Welcome to Vans Warped Tour '02.
there is something seriously special about wahoo's tofu
Make sure you check your food before you head out to make sure you got what you ordered. I've never been here without having my order screwed up.
Come for lunch...get your food in time for dinner!
Best fish tacos! Happy hour from 12:00-7:00 every day. Can't beat the prices, music and awesome workers.
Good happy hour deals, but the fish tacos smelled and tasted a little rancid
You can never go wrong with the Maui bowl.
Try the tacos.
Download the belly card app before you order to get award points.
Free Wi-Fi!   "Wahoos333"
Sit at the bar and order there. Skip the line that way and better service!
The Maui Bowl is HUGE and so delicious.
Chicken enchiladas with green sauce. White beans, brown rice. My staple
Get a carne asada bowl without the teriyaki sauce and replace it with the red enchilada sauce.  Add the mild green sauce on the side and the gringo bandito sauce.
Wifi password is Wahoos333
The carnita and fish tacos are very bland, I suggest you to drench it in tapatio hot sauce. The shrimp taco is your best bet!
Bad food slathered with Gen-X marketing. Must be from California.
Start with the Cajun fish tacos & work your way through the menu. Have yet to find something that isn't great! Great to have t here in NYC!
GREAT food, good portions, affordable. Staff was attentive and fun. Highly recommend.
This place is like chipotle but fish tacos. So you can get a Mexican fix here but it's nothing special or notable. Wouldn't go back. That said, service was really friendly and helpful.
Do the big Kahuna and reminisce about old school skate boards
Outer reef burrito!!!!!
Try the Grilled Fish Tacos (via @Foodspotting)
This place reminds me of Jersey Shore, not SoCal. Food isn't as good as the Californian Wahoo's.
2 tacos with carne asada and carnitas! Yummers.
$5 sangrias and well drinks. $3 beers
Stick to the fish tacos.
Sushi lunch set. 4/5
Great food I Iove the Tuna & avocado salad & seafood Ceviche
A great little place.  Nothing fancy, but the Sushi is quite good, and while dinner can be pricy, they have good lunch specials.  There are better places, but this place has some charm for a local.
Amazing food!
Excellent iced green tea! Just heard them take a reservation for "rachel ray" hah.
If Blue Ribbon is crowded, come here. It's not nearly as expensive and the sushi is very good. Menu could use some diversity though. Good for sashimi but rolls are pretty un-creative.
Great prices. Love the spicy double roll and the california!
Great for a quick and tasty sushi dinner!
My fiancée said her vegetable roll was the best she's ever had.  Steamed shrimp gyoza were okay, though steamed a bit too long
Shrimp gyoza and spicy tuna with a glass of wine. Bill is 1/2 the price of blue ribbon and never a wait for dinner.
This is my number one must have in NY. The best service, Great kitchen japanese cooking! I love the salmon and the gyoza - fried ;-) LOVE it!!
The salmon-avocado don is a bit of a splurge for lunch, but it's so worth every penny. Other lunch specials are good too.
The fries are awesome. Lamb is good too, if a little greasy
Spicy falafel wrap and lamb shawarma platter are off the chain!
Matt is the best bartender ever. Sit down and have a chat. He's super nice.
One of the best places in the city to have a group celebration/birthday dinner. Good food, good drinks, fun music, and you won't break the bank. Oh, and get the Pollo Verde.
Go on a Tuesday for some really fun bingo. Winner gets shots of tequila for their table and a tshirt! Double check w/ a fried before calling out bingo. Try the queso dip & ask for the chipotle salsa
great vibe for drinks, too loud for eating but very tasty + huge portions- dont forget to ask the waiter about them
Try the Tuesday night bingo with a margarita chaser. It's delicious.
Ask for trey! He's the best!
Trey is the best waiter!!!
Fiestaaaaaaa!
If you want to be annoyed by european tourists, B&T crowd and people with kids.....come here!
Affordable. Great place to spend a birthday! Get the tequila shot birthday cake!! :)
Try the Queso - Queso. Queso. Queso.  (via @Foodspotting)
Order the mushroom fajitas!
Chimichangas and Chile con queso. Purrrrrrfect.
west village. crazy but fun
Tortilla soup
Avoid if you can. Terrible service and terrible food/drinks. Pitchers of frozen margs were weak, go for on the rocks individual margs unless it's happy hour.
Be 	a big bingo winner on Monday or Tuesday!
Event nights and cheap drinks–need we say more? Tortilla Flats one of the best places to start out a party night, which is convenient since it’s walking distance from the Meatpacking District.
Try the Chicken Enchilada (via @Foodspotting)
Great for birthdays !!!
New Mexican Short Stack is the only way to go. Also, go for the all you can drink for $50 for 2 hours for big groups
Mmmm the margaritas were delicious!
Great Margarita pitchers.
Score the northwest corner booth table, inside the restaurant.  Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston once had a date here!  John (gentleman with glasses) is the best margarita bartender in the city.
Go for trivia or bingo night. So much fun!
The chili cheese dip. #todiefor
I like to end most nights on the town here with a Skinny Margarita and late night Fatty Fajita.
Great playlist
Dabble in the Margarita pitchers and see where the night takes you.
Its all about the bingo! Hit this place on Monday or Tuesday and be ready to have some fun!
Killer kombucha selection!
Try the seafood combo
Avoid the Spaghetti Carbonara.
We like this restaurant, but be prepared to linger since the service is typically slow.
Romantic and very hospitable, Italian style.
Terrible Service, run for the hills.
Go to the bar before 7 and get a half priced drink and FREE edamame
sea bass is terrific
the pad thai and veg dumplings are forgettable. avocado roll was well done. overall sub par
Wei West Roll!
Killer dumplings!
If you're a guy and want a toss up date spot... This is the place.  Chic, sweet beats, ESPN on at the bar, and has a menu that accommodates all diets.
Yum. Spicy Scallop Roll with crunch.
Good selection & service was great! On top of this we had 15% off our bill! :)
Pad thai. Ask for pepper on the side.
The Pad Thai rocks
The sashimi lunch is a little small so you will have to order something in addition
Sex on the beach roll is now the battery park roll. Guess the other name was too raunchy for the neighborhood.
Another below-average restaurant in the WFC area. Mediocre would be a compliment.
Worst service I have ever experienced. Served flat soda that had no ice and waiter had no customer service skills. Food was so-so and overpriced.
Great spot to grab a glass of wine and some sushi. Great vibe.
Sex on the beach sushi roll is great
Bathroom code 9247 for the ladies
KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS - the bathroom code is on it
Save the planet! Your burrito is already wrapped in foil, tell them you don't need a bag. (Also it's comforting to hold on a cold day!)
They got better beef steak than Moe's and other Mexican Grill places
This must be the worst Chipotle I've ever been to. Slow service by people who don't seem to care at all.
One of the slowest chipotle's I've ever been to.
What is up with this location? I'm all for fast and efficient, but they start almost putting stuff into your order w/o asking. When you do say what you want, they barely listen.
Adding guacamole to a bowl is now $2.25 more. Burnt.
Nothing unique about our local Chipotle, just reasonably delicious Mexican food on the quick.
Last seen at Chipotle...makes you sound like you are missing!
Rudest staff.
Muito cuidado com o red chilli sauce... El fuego!!!
Get the burrito but get a bowl to eat it in that way you don't have to mess with the bloody foil or paper in the basket...
Eat downstairs! Really cool seating area :)
Try brown rice with your burrito bowl
Good imitation shrimp. Get a variety and share with your friends. :-)
Sweet and Salty dumplings.
Cash only. Rice flour roll is unique. Treasure balls are great
This place was craptastic. Veggie Sesame Chicken had a decidedly fishy tasty & has to ask repeatedly for a napkin. Food took ~45mins. to arrive.
The spinach dumplings are absolutely outstanding....very special.
The fried "chicken" is good :)
White flour, white rice, white noodles, sugar... not my idea of a great meal. Ok if all you want is to avoid meat. Otherwise, better stick to the many great natural and macro restaurants in town.
Treasure balls, lotus root cake !
Wow.  Treasure balls and steamed sesame balls. Wow.
Best carrot cake I had tasted in my life.
The sweet and salty dumplings are amazing, but they sell out early - so come before the rush.
Try the vege bb pork and the won ton soup... It's the best
Try the spinach dumplings and Treasure balls! Order pan-fried over steamed.
We feel this is the best vegetarian dim sum in the city.  For those who don't eat meat, this is a must to go to.  Try the treasure balls.
The dimsum is delicious as are the main dishes. Yummmmmm!
Get the taro treasure balls!
Greatest hits of the dim sum menu: Lotus Root Cakes, Treasure Balls, Rice Flour Rolls with Chinese Kale, Pan Fried Dumplings, Fried Wontons. SO cheap and BYOB...what more could you want.
Ordered lots of dim sum, got lots of variations on bland white mush. Left the restaurant after an unsatisfying meal and was sick to my stomach for two days. Never again!
Eggplant and lettuce wraps and something sizzling-- need to try them next time!
Must try the honey roasted pork.  It's taped on the inside of the menu cover
spend $15 and fill two people up completely.
definitely get the spinach rolls - delicious!! skip the lotus sticky rice thing (a little bland).
Try the treasure balls, seriously! Love them banana rolls.
Taro treasure balls and roast poem with honey are amazing!
Favorite dishes: pan-fried dumplings (we ask for them steamed), rice flour rolls (ham and coriander or shrimp), sticky rice in lotus leaf, Buddha's bean curd rolls, noodle soup with three kinds of mus
Try the roast pork with honey.   :)  its out of this world!
No to the spinach dumplings, yes to the pan fried. The treasure balls are FILLING.  All veg = awesome.
Treasure Balls. Get them.
food is good... if you are a vegetarian. will have a tough time getting water.
Everything is damn good. Try the monk dumplings yummmmm.
An inconsistent but always cheap restaurant, with gems like Singapore rice noodles and "Penang-style fried cubes."
Noodle!!!! Yummy
Cold milo..!!!
Thai Iced Tea, a must.
This is my stop for nasi lemak.... Bagus but not enough spicy .... Haisssssssssss
Get the Chicken!  Yum
Nom...nom...Curry fish head
Great Malaysian food! http://www.menupages.com/restaurants/sanur/
Most authentic Malaysian food in NYC. Their asam stingray and nasi lemak are so good!
Get the curry puffs. They're amazing!
Pork chop w/salt &pepper,
Damn Shiok Lah! Die die must get sone sambal kang kong...
Best roti canai!
Great hole in the wall. It has ang gu gui and all those Singaporean/Malaysian "gui". Cheap good eats. Note that the sitting area is in te basement and it closes on Mondays
Waitress accurately described the Chicken Ruben as "life-changing"
Steak salad!!!!!! That's all
always super accommodating to my gluten and dairy free needs
Market greens, chilaquiles, crab cakes Benedict all delicious! Also very respectable coffee. Crowded and not amazing service, they made me wait outside in the rain til second person arrived!!
Mint lemonade prosecco a must.  You will not be let down with the pesto hash.  Perfect brunch spot!
Market sides 4 for $14, get brussels sprouts, artichokes, mushrooms, and pesto potato hash.
Don't skip dessert! The heaven cake and shakes are not to be missed. You won't regret it.
steak greek salad
Salmon teriyaki is delicious
Market sides are a must. Opt for the delicious brussel sprouts!
Delish Chelsea spot with a fairly fluid menu. Don't think you can go wrong at all here.
Korean cucumber dish is delish. everyone is drinking the Prosecco mint lemonade. Excellent service.
Try the veggie burger with mushrooms and sweet potato fries!
Try the Chef Salad (via @Foodspotting)
The hamburger is delicious here. You can choose your favorite cheese. Fries are also great.
Get the brussel sprouts and bok choy.
Brussels sprouts were bomb.
Try the Moroccan Carrot Salad (via @Foodspotting)
The Lamb Burger was phenomenal. Probably one of the best I've had. It was in the specials so not sure how often they have it.
Excellent turkey burger
Veggy platter is big enough to fill anyone. Do not need to order more...
Absolutely delicious food, but don't bother if you have a bigger group during busy hours.
Great wine list. You'll polish off the burger and may even lick your fingers.
Try the Skirt Steak Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Come here for breakfast, sit outside, grab an iced mocha, which are delicious. A simple but tasty menu and lovely setting.
Outrageously good veggie burger... And I don't even like  veggie burgers...
get the market plate (choose 4 veggies)! the kale, mushrooms, asparagus, brussel sprouts, and squash are delich.
Veggie dishes are fresh, healthy and delicious. I love this place.
The Brussels Sprouts & Artichoke Hearts are addictive!!
breaded chicken over mixed greens -- YUM!
Burger is out of the world! Fried chicken is mediocre. Bubby's serves better fried chicken.
For Brunch: The pancakes are really good. Although personally I prefer to split them as an after-brunch dessert. For the brunch food I recommend the eggs and short ribes.
Home to the best Bloody Mary I've ever had, the Dutch is consistently off the charts morning, noon, & night.
Great food, but smallish portions. Also: if you come for brunch and they put you on the wait list that means you are also waiting for a spot at the oyster bar, so don't expect a table!
Love the hanger steak with kimchee fried rice.  Great service and sommelier is super nice, too!
We’re so proud of everything our alumni accomplish, including Chef Andrew Carmellini of The Dutch. Check out what other CIA alumni are up to.
Awesome brunch! Get the stracciatella appetizer.
No matter how full you are, order the chocolate pecan pie for dessert. It's life changing.
Heirloom Tomato and Pine Nut Hummus Sandwich: It's warm and creamy with a nutty finish, perfect for catching the mountain of tomatoes.
Drinks are expensive. Oysters are good.  Free end of dinner cookies are a mix between something sweet and a dog treat.
Fantastic smoked-ricotta ravioli.
Get free printable coupons for your favorite Fast Food Restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Thanksgiving couldnt be tastier
Andrew Carmellini’s Thanksgiving menu provides the ultimate recipe for food coma w/ a roasted turkey wrapped in bacon with  mashed potatoes, horseradish-roasted Brussels sprouts & honey glazed squash.
"Andrew Carmellini's elegant two-tiered Sullivan Platter ($75) is full of oysters, little necks, sweet shrimp, uni, sea scallops, and ceviche. But for those craving more (hint: two dozen oysters)..."
Great Bloody Mary's though in the pricey side. Nice, open atmosphere.
Fantastic burger
Try the little oyster sandwiches and then for a perfect match try the sea scallops. If you are a brave dude the white russian ice cream will make this meal unforgettable!
The menu features a rather impressive oyster and raw bar selection, as well as classically inspired American dishes, like shrimp with red remoulade, pecan duck with celery and organic dirty rice.
The fried chicken is incredible, especially with house made hot sauce and honeyed biscuits
Try the tuna sandwich - it's PHENOMENAL.
The tuna sandwich is frightfully good!  And the cornbread they give you, yowza!
Grub Street off-menu dish: Spicy Lamb Tacos. "lamb meat topped with radish, cilantro, cabbage, lime, queso fresco, pickled jalapeño, and carrot-tomatillo-garlic-chipotle salsa."
My faveee restaurant in the city!!! Everything on the menu is just superb
Locally-sourced American food. Start your meal with the delicious eggplant dip. This is where you go to see and be seen.
They put time and care into making a perfect old fashion. If you're around late night, get the fried chicken.
The fried chicken is rightfully famous, but the house smoked turkey and avocado sando is every bit as good.
Andrew Carmellini hits all the right notes at his American bistro: oysters, fried chicken, a towering sandwich of fried soft-shell crab and kaffir-curry sauce.
Pretty terrible service. Not a good place for picky eaters they won't sub anything :(
Get the rabbit
The chocolate chip is as big as your face and is soft & delicious!
Check our their bday sale. Specials for selected items up to 90% off.
Best Capp in the area- the gelato bar is right next to it- did someone said affogato? :-)
Cioccolato is delicious
Eataly is more than a supermarket with restaurants..............
É uma orgia gastronomica. Voce pode comprar e levar para casa para fazer ou comer em um dos 5 restaurantes dentro do mercado.Um dos sócios é o grande Chef Mario Batali.........
This place is terrific, but always too packed!
Have the crudo!
Try the vinyl. Last 45 jukebox in the city. Start off with 123, 126, 131, with a side of 166, 168, 173, and finish with 119 and 128.
Really yummy sausage gravy and my first Bloody Mary - got the Cajun one and am def in love!!! We stayed and talked for hours and no one seemed annoyed!
The best wings in NYC
You must have the lamb sausage po boy. They have daily specials.
best chili ever.
Always get the Chili of the Day. Unless its the Texas Chicken Chili.
Their wings are great! It can get a tad spicy so order a glass of beer with it.
Try the Jambalaya - Stupendously Spicy. Love it. (via @Foodspotting)
Great wings. Great brunch. Great bloody marys. Can't go wrong with this place.
Sunday breakfast
Catfish and Sixpoint =)
Theres something magical about the simple house salad
The big burger has outstanding beef, perfectly seasoned and cooked unfortunately it is hampered by a sugary bun. Go for the mini burgers: same beef, better bread
Unfortunately this place has jumped the shark.
Give me some cornbread!
Strongly suggest eating the pulled pork sandwich with a knife
Delicious wings, perfect sauce. Chicken Jefferson was also huge and extremely tasty.
Best ham steak in town
Best Cajun martini on the planet. Ever.
Shrimp Po Boy. You'll feel good about yourself for not ordering a burger. Until you see it.
Cajun style fried oysters are awesome
Try a Fitz's root beer. So far this is the only place I've found in New York serving it
Cajun Pulled Pork sandwich is a serious load. Come hungry.
Here's the favourite place for the columnist Mats Olsson - writing for the swedish tabloid Expressen. It is often mentioned in his columns.
Try the Creole Wings - Best wings. Hands down.  (via @Foodspotting)
The shrimp po'boy gives joints off Bourbon Street a great run for their money.
Grits and corn bread and bloody Mary's all good things
Hands down best hearty brunch in the hood
Fried catfish and the jambalaya are fantastic.
Jambalaya will bring you back to the French Quarter
The chimichanga is the worst. It doesn't even look like one, and the taste...blah. The chicken was so dry I nearly choked. They have much better dishes. Avoid this one.
There is no special with the spend $10 and get $5 back. The employee at the bar said they don't know what that offer is and will not honor it.
Don't bother with this place!
Just drink. Don't eat. Slow service. Bleh food.
Holy enchilada supreme...
Great guaca!!!
Mirjana is fierce!!! Best restaurant in NYC
Salsa is basically tomato sauce and the fish tacos were horrible. Skip this place.
Get the agave beer and absolutely nothing else!
If you have a Google Offer for this place, make sure to print it out before you come.
sorry but I would avoid this place, both my wife and I caught food poisoning after eating there
Food was mediocre. Not terrible, but there are many other better places to eat on the cheap.
Great frozen margaritas!
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
The only positive about this place is that they air Red Sox games.
Only come for drinks and guacamole. Don't expect much from the other food. Ask for Frankie.
Guacamole here is awesome! Come w a group of friends and get a round of mojitos or frozen margs and share a large guac. Try the coconut marg!
Try the shrimp chipotle.
Guacamole is good, the cheese my taco wasn't melted, taquitos were way too crispy I almost choked on a piece. Frozen raspberry margarita was awesome
The Don Pablo is tequila is the best.
Quality not as good under the new owners.  Used to be special, now a little ordinary.  Empty tables on a Saturday night...
Not very polite. Homemade nachos great and free. Good courses
great margaritas and the food is definitely good too, but it fills you up -- don't eat & drink here if you plan to head out for the night. you may be too full to function.
Hey girls...remember when this was all we could afford?? 10 years later, this is still all I can afford!
The chips and salsa are awesome and free! Get the supreme de pollo.
the salsa blows just get drinks
A small secretive spot, no ads, tiny sign that's easily missed but really authentic Japanese food! Oden@ the counter (get eggs!), great sake selection. Japanese food + Jazz music = !!!!
Semi-secret sake bar / izakaya
Try salted salmon, tuna tartare, shabu shabu salad & meatballs. Wash everything with Dewazakura Dewasansan. Get dessert.
Too pricy.  Sake excellent though.
Start off with the Yopparai cocktail. Softly shaved ice, sparkling sake, yuzu juice and a Japanese yogurt drink form a slush of adult proportions.
had dinner here with my daughter, everything was really good, very fresh, great ambiance and excellent customer service. the desert was a revelation- crushed ice and plum wine- my favorite!!
Lovely and serene environment, though bit on pricey side. But I would go back! Try the slimy bomb, rice ball, sashimi, any grilled veggies!
Sake + Yaki Onigiri... Perfection!
Avoid the Tsukune Melt- tastes like Lean Cuisine meatballs.
"Upscale izakaya designed by Richard Bloch (Masa)."
Eat everything
Try some izakaya dishes and sake!
The Lower East Side has this new izakaya with a selection of shochu and small bites such as yakitori skewers.
Try the Shochu cocktails. Refreshing and not too strong.
Great grub. They don't honor Groupon.
Good pizza and great people running the place. Can't go wrong!!!!
Penne alla vodka is to die for!
I come here once a week for the baked ziti pizza... Amazing.
Five bucks gets you two plain slices and a small fountain drink. Do it. Better than spending 3.75 plus for a slice with toppings.
The baked ziti slice is amazing!
The worst when it comes to delivering might as well go to the place during lunch brake faster service
Shrimp scampi is to die for
Meatball sub was good and was only 6.50 not to mention I checked in for the first time and got free pizza so overall good experience.
Awful stale pizza. Tried 3 different ones and all were bad
Beef pattie with cheese is so good
$6.50 daily specials with drink is a winner
Their pasta pizza slice is out of this world. SO GOOD!
Best wings I had in NYC and I'm from Buffalo! A definite check out while in the city and craving some wings! #buffalowings
Worst wings ever. Tastes like a combination of old tuna wrapped in frank's hot sauce soaked cardboard. Only drunk douchebags would enjoy this.
Bob, the owner, needs to get rid of Ritchie the bar tender, who will rip you off at every opportunity.
Best boneless BBQ wings I've ever had
Calamari is mediocre. The "hot" wings are not hot at all, actually very mild. The fries are awesome!
The sauce is good but the meat needs seasoning.
Good Lunch special
Great wings
Try the buffalo chicken salad with the jerk bbq sauce! Its greeaaat!
Best bar in the neighborhood!
Best wings in town!
Isa & Adrianna are da bomb.  Best waitresses in the city.
Apparently not all Atomic Wings are created equal. Midtown 1140 Second Av is HORRIBLE. Nothing at all like the fantastic Blue Room.
skip the mac and cheese, pasta is overcooked and the cheese is bland
Those Nuclear are perfect. Only if you can stand spicy food. But theyre goddam great. Cool place. Loved it
It's official.  I'm addicted to Atomic Wings.
...and don't forget the combo waffle fries and onion rings. You would be hard pressed to find any better.
Best damn wings...anywhere!
Make sure you leave about half n hour earlier then you would for lunch hour. It takes mad long to get your food.
great lunch specials! plus sports on HD :)
The wings were really good! I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy, but the medium wings were perfect. Splurge for the ranch dipping sauce. :)
The Veg and Kimchi Falafel taco are to die for
Try the Veggie Tacos or the veggie bowl.
They need to learn to cover up things on the menu that they've run out of.
Milk & almond pastilla for dessert.
Great live music here! Love!
You can get a Yoga matt if you ask for one at the front desk.
Enjoyed the grilled Calamari, pizza paesana and Linguini pasta with bacon. Good service as well!
Try the crime brûlée!!!!
I don't know how someone left a tip saying the service was bad. It's as amazing as the food, and this is coming from an Italian.
Ótimo restaurante italiano. Preço justo, ótimas pastas. O sorvete é muito bom.
Hostess was sweet but my waiter was emotionless. The buffalo mozz and house cab are decent but the filet was overlooked. May be back to try the pasta. Ambiance was nice. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Goat cheese beet salad amazing. Order ur food right away when they do ur drink order n u don't wait long at all!!!
Whole wheat pizza is amazing.
Service is very slow, but food was pretty good! Don't come if you're in a rush... 4 ppl left while waiting for their meals!
Worst service in all of New York – keep walking. It wasn’t crowded at all, but we still had to wait for our server to take our order, and then it was wrong. The waiter NEVER checked up on us.
This place is a rip off. They charge for each coke and a service charge w/out notice. Food wasn't even that good.
Service was excellent food was really good. Enjoyed this place old school Italian good quality.
Red snapper is amazing!
Great service, people and food. A really italian!
Calamari is amazing. Very friendly staff
Great 3 course + glass of house wine prefixe for $35
Try the black linguini with seafood di mare.
Do not miss the Beijing duck - order it as an appetizer if not your main !
Amazing. The dim sum is where it's at.
Disappointing experience in main restaurant - Grand Manier shrimp great but very rich, otherwise all very average (occasionally below - dumplings especially) Chinese in a nice setting.
My goto place for some quality dimsum anytime of day - yes, they serve it even at night! And their Peking duck is delicious too!
A new favorite. Food, decor, staff in cafe ...so amazing. Get the duck flat noodles,
Grand marnier prawns great tasting but rich. Chan do chicken fine but nothing unusually special. Heavenly fillet and noodles sorta msg-ish. But great decor and overall the food was fine.
Don't miss the sour cream apple pie.
Worst Chinese in the city!
Worst place for both dim sum and Chinese just fancy looking  . Never again
Sauce on side.
I have been going here for years, great Peking Duck - I love the monkeys & dragons in the main dining room with their evil red eyes! grand manier prawns rich & yum!
Shrimp dumplings steamed are excellent.
Eggplant Szechuan is wonderful.
Best stop before Lincoln Ctr. Go to the cafe for dim sum!
My favorite place for takeout and delivery. Sea bass filet and grand mariner shrimp are so savory and delicious, absolutely melts in your mouth.
Come here before the Opera and enjoy a Dim Sum Dinner - one of the only places that serves it at night!  Make sure you get the pork bun, star dumpling and taro pancake.
Hit or miss Dim Sum. But super fun when it is busy.  Sit in the Cafe, not the full-service restaurant.
Best Chinese in  the city!
dopo tutti questi anni continua ad essere fantastico! da lacrima è il crispy orange beef!
Don't get the lemon chicken. I've had better quality takeout - for half the price.
Grand Marnier shrimp and pillowy mu shu make for an elegant pre-Lincoln Center meal best taken with martinis and friends.
Get some dim sum, peeking duck, chan-do chicken and some heavenly fish filet. Toss some garlic string beans into the mix...Thank me later.
Grand Marnier Shrimp... plump and succulent... excellent decor, elegant and dark. 43 W 65th St. with a dim sum next door.
Go to Shun Lee pre- or post-theater and eat the best Chinese in the company of papier-mâché monkeys and dragons.
Chicken with 3 different nuts = yummy!!
Great vodka cream sauce. Great pizzas. Great place good price
Perfect place to share a Margherita Pizza before a Broadway Show. :p
Start with the burrata and then try the truffle pizza and prosciutto pizza. Both delicious.  Great place to go before a broadway show.
Sempre pergunte pelo risoto do dia. O de camarões com alcachofra é delicioso.
The portions are big. Try the bolognese sauce. Very good!
The service here stinks - went for brunch - 20 min to get bread, water and drinks and it was not busy!!
Amazing pizza!!
Ask for the focaccia bread instead if regular bread.  It's warm and soft - yummy!
Eat pizza!
Try the Vegetarian Platter!! Spaghetti squash w/mixed vegetables, pine nuts and tomato sauce
Love the fact that this Applebee's is very kids friendly
Sat for 30+ mins trying to get someone's attention to order/get my check. Ridiculous.
Первое невкусное кафе за два дня в НЙ
Don't get breakfast here! With all the variety of good places to eat in NY, don't waste time/money on crappy, generic food.
Tourist trap
Lousy happy hour. Not like the other Applebee's.
This is the B-List Times Square Applebee's. Go to the one on 42nd btw 7/8 if you're looking for good times.  And don't fall for their $30 buffet nonsense - you can do better!
Newly expanded space  now occupies full block between Broadway and 7th Ave.  Sit at tables  by entering on Broadway or access the bar and lounge at W. 50th , right  by  #1 subway uptown station.
There is no 2 for $20 at this location. "Eating good in the RICH WHITE PEOPLE neighborhood" :)
Ten minutes to order drinks on a slow Sunday. Order food when ordering drinks to play it safe.
A atendente Cristina e muito atenciosa. Otimo ambiente.
Experimente a sangria... Delicia!
Bring your MAMMA MIA! weekend matinee ticket to this Applebee’s for 10% off your total bill.
Since you're so close to MAMMA MIA!, stop by the box office to catch a show.  Best availability is for the Sat & Sun 2pm matinees.
Best flavored iced tea ever
delicious wings sweet & spicy!
Blue Ribbon Brownie is excellent
Totally overpriced& bad quality food(mine was cold)
Very good pancakes!!
Nothing more, nothing less than a regular Applebee's. Food price is fair, drinks are overprice, really. If you're up to pepsi only, then enjoy it!
I can get better service and food back in SD
$4-5 drafts. Although it's a small bar area they've added number of seats plus a small lounge area.
Great service - Though i gotta say, the prices for the same stuff we get outside of new york are defiantly more. Wasn't too thrilled to pay $12 for a chicken sandwich when the same one cost around $7.
Super chill lounge right off the bar
Super service!  Accomodated us when we added extra people to our already large birthday party!!
Surprised by the great customer service (in particular by Matthew P).
De 10 a 12 pm hora feliz en el bar. Bebidas y aperitivos. Muy rico
Very bad and slow service here
Go right after work before you hit another bar for half price apps (not the sampler) and SUPER cheap beer!
If you r a vegetarian, ask em to customize the quesadilla its pretty good you can also ask em to customize t Pizza, Nachos and the Spinach Artichoke dip.. well the food is flavorfull  :)
Good Turkish food. Try the Iskender kebab. Great Turkish coffee as well.
Get Gazos with whatever you're having. Don't ask what it is, just get it.
The tomato/cucumber salad is great.
Hummus is good, chicken kabob kinda chewy/awkward textured chicken
Lamb gyro with rice is great!  Sizable potions for the price :)
You must get their hummus. It is without a doubt one of the best I've ever had.
great value! the whole fish are great if you can stand the occasional bone..
14.95 lunch prix fixe for 2 courses is good deal.
The Garden Restaurant is re-opening its doors tonight, September 13th, at 5:30pm! Executive Chef, John Johnson, debuts his new Eat.Drink.Local menu!
Overpriced is an understatement. $3 for a vitamin water?! GTFO.
Tried their new steak sandwich. Horrendous! Meat is like rubber. Do not get!
Love their pasta bowls...you can add your own ingredients
They have nice chopped salads
I'm pretty sure the staff here all share a brain.
OVERPRICED, last time i bought real food, made me sick
I am in love with the meat lover pasta bowl. So tasty! Also love the Thai chicken zesto sandwich. Salads are always good here, too.
My friend ripped off their toilet seat. Not lying lol
Their smoothies are chunky. Don't buy
Love their pasta bowls. Penne a la vodka with chicken and parmesan is awesome
Get the chicken vera cruz presata. Good times
Yummy bagels, I like eating upstairs!
Great flavored coffees
Order a cappuccino and I got an extra shot
The bakery side is great for a simple breakfast. The kind of place that will bend over backwards to make you whatever you want
Love love love the gorgonzola bread gotta have it.
The gorgonzola bread is a must get.
If you order an espresso for here, they might give you a complimentary biscotto.
Good brunch options.  Friendly staff.  Bring the whole family.
They don't serve 'ice cream' they serve Gelato! Best home made Gelato I had in NYC.  Try it!
Try the bloody Mary and the Gorgonzola bread
Try the white pizza with fresh tomatoes, basil, ricotta and olive oil. Delish!
Only halal cart I know of that sells fish and boy is it good!
The veggie platter has salad, falafel, hummus and pita bread all for $5.
Grilled chicken breast sandwich toasted on white bread w/ provolone cheese, lettuce and mayo ..amazing
Linda is awesome.
This is a great store and is open 24/7
Breakfast special from 7-11am comes with a coffee or tea...starts from $2.00 and up pretty awesome deal
Awesome paninis here...and that's not all...
Ask for their Sandwich rewards card...buy 9 and the 10th sandwich is free
Good coffee and tasty pastries.
Egg white and vegetable Omlette is a delight
Almond croissant.Yum yum!
On the weekends, get their French Toast. OMG, yummy!!!!
Favorite coffeeshop in the neighborhood. Great atmosphere, great food, friendly staff, AND wifi (you have to ask for the password)
Busy when the school kids hit. Always good coffee and dangerously good food
Tell the people behind the desk to WARM up your chocolate cookies. Yummy!
My go to spot on UES for a cafe, sandwich or a treat. Someone might be taking a piano lesson in the back.
Ice coffee and a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie. Perfect afternoon treat.
Relaxing post workout cafe
Lattes are amazing. Turkey bacon, btw.
Im a fan of thr egg and cheese on a bagel.. Good stuff..
Great coffee and a nice local hangout!
Sit with Sacha, the grey kitty from the shop next door, and sip their delicious coffee!  Also a BIG FAN of the Red Velvet Cupcakes!
Good coffee, but no wifi.
Love the coffee and the atmosphere! They have a piano and a large communal table at the back.
Good coffee. Avoid the chai.
Coffee. I also recommend their smoothies and pb&j sandwiches
try the sticky buns  coffee if you like flavored coffee
Certainly one of the most innovative sushi places in the city. A neighborhood gem!
Amazing sushi amazing experience, servers knowledgeable and sweet
Overall- great food, tasty, quality food.  Service is a bit slow.  Fair pricing
Salmon with tomato sushi. Simply amazing !!!!
Hi Desirea! Thanks for the good word!
Try the uni shooter - delicious!
There signature breakfest and service is amazing
Brick View salad is pretty tasty!
The bacon egg and cheese sandwich here makes for a great breakfast sandwich and is way cheaper than Yura.
Tip the guys a buck or two, especially if its at lunch hour or right after school.
Call in your order if you want to get in and out fast.
Friendly staff, best Chinese fast food around the neighborhood.
Great customer service! Come in a total of four times and they remember your name and your order! The food is awesome too...and for a great price. :)
Favorite local Chinese place. Massive portions for rock-bottom prices. Family operated and very friendly staff.
Boneless spare ribs are solid as is the healthy portion of menu. Steamed scallops with brown rice recommended
In the battle for Chinese food supremacy on 9th Ave. between 33rd and 34th, Golden City is the clear winner over Ming's.
The Saturday night $1 beer special is null and void :(
Good place to wait for @dailyshow!!
25 cent wings?!? In NYC!?!? Takes me back to the college days down south. And on a Saturday too.... Holy shiz.
Skee ball, great wings and tater tots go great with cute waitresses.  These are things we can all get behind.
Cane here on a thurs afternoon for lunch. Buffalo Tater tots were fantastic. Turkey club was decent, service a bit slow
If you haven't had their namesake Retro Burger (comes with bacon and cheese on an english muffin with chipotle mayo), you're missing out! https://www.delivery.com/menu/american-retro
Buffalo Tator tots with cheddar and ranch (instead of blue cheese, trust me)! Amazing!
Great bar food!
discount with your Daily Show tickets!
Two words: tater tots.
The tater tots are deep fried goodness #nomnomnom
Order the bourbon wings. Your stomach will be very pleased!
The veggie burgers are excellent. Also the beer is cheap and the lines are clean . Ahoy !!
TOTS! Hot dogs are delicious and cheap
Order the Bourbon Wings.  They are amazing!  Your welcome.
$4 cans of sixpoint. pour into glass and enjoy. that said.. nothing really American OR retro about this place
Skee ball!  Great happy hour deals, 11 to 7
Indoor skee ball lane!
Yay! $9 pitchers of rolling rock! Yay!
Brand new bar on the west side! Fantastic!
Order the wings or burgergreat draft beergood jukebox and cute bartenders
Delicious pulled pork & great staff! Manager brought us free dessert for no reason. Will be returning!!
My good friend Arnon owns this place!! Best Meatloaf!!
One of my favorite places in NYC!!!
This place is absolutely wonderful! And the staff is so friendly and nice.
Collard greens pass the southern girl inspection. So good.
Lovely place I recon it.
The Mac N Cheese and mashed sweet potatoes are amazing
Rotisserie chicken with Mac and cheese, string green beans and sweet muffin!! Best meal ever!!
If you belong to Actors Equity Association, flash your Membership card & get 10% off. =)
Gotta get the mint pink lemonade, the perfect addition to any meal!
Actors Equity discount.      No IATSE discount
Everything was great, but could've been a but warmer!
The mac and cheese is terrible
Last time I was here I saw Colin Quinn between shows.
Great spot! Staff is friendly and the beef stew rocks.
"Holy chicken! There's a fat old guy, holding giant knifes and sweating as fuck, over there?"
I'm a native southern boy, and this place is legit. Meatloaf is amazing and mashed sweet potatoes are about perfect.
Definitely try the okra and rotisserie vegetables
Some of the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had.
The okra is absolutely to die for, stewed with tomatoes...yum! Sweet potatoes are very good too! Oh and try the cornbread...its perfectly sweet!
Great food and good service especially before a Broadway show.
Founded in 1520, Sofia (Golden Girls) opened what is now known as the first retirement home in the New World. It still stands today as an historical landmark in the heart of New York City.
Demasiado buena the lobster y la buena atención de Ana
Try the tiramisu... Best I have ever had!
More cheese than you can shake a stick at.
Hidden treasure in Manhattan!! Great selection of wines♥  must try kashkaval cheese!!!!!!!!!
Forget cooking, just get tubs of the sides to-go and eat on them all week.
$9 Take-away boxes - 1 protein & 2 sides. I recommend the Turkey Meatball & Mushroom Bulgar. Their Salmon wrapped in grape leaves are brilliant
Lentil and olive tapenade is delish
I love ordering (and getting to choose) from the large Mediterranean tapas platter and sharing it with a date! - Tyler French, Hunting Season
huge portions, don't over-order! go for a sampler platter of dips. also, the kashkaval and Gorgonzola fondue are amazing
Large tapas and many bottles of red
The goouda with goat cheese is excellent
The 'small plates' are not, in fact, small at all. Order accordingly.
Beet skordalia!
Curry chicken all the way!
Awesome Castillo labastida Spanish wine and Gouda cheese pairings.
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Great place for sharing a bottle of wine and a plate of good quality cheeses and delicious dips! Recommended! :)
You can't go wrong with a fondu here.
awesome Mediterranean
Great brunches. Special and Greek are excellent. Cheeses are fresh and delicious. Baguettes are from Amy's.
Girls love this place
Great, cozy spot to split small plates & a bottle of wine with friends :)
Brussel sprouts are delish
Cheese, Wine, and Fondue. Enough said.
Kashkaval is a truly unique hybrid: part neighborhood Mediterranean grocery, part romantic wine & tapas hotspot.
Really good food. Reasonable prices. But our waitress was slow as all hell and it kind of put a slight damper on the birthday dinner evening.
Tried the turkey meatballs. Not the best, they were a bit dry. The salad they came with was fantastic though.
delicious cheese fondue in hell's kitchen.
You’ll forget that this restaurant is small and cramped once you dive into Kashkaval fondue with a selection of meats and veggies for dipping!  The Turkey Meatballs are an added treat.
It's a cheese shop, a fondue restaurant, a wine bar, and a Mediterranean restaurant all in one.  Split the sampler plate and get a taste of it all.
Come hungry. Portions are huge. Wine bargain is the Montepulciano.
The walnut spread and the ajvar are to die for. Plus the wine selection is great. The staff is friendly and the music is perfect. Love this neighborhood hideaway.
Breakfast Specials are awesome
Pizzaslices are excellent. Great place all in all!
Blueberry cheesecake is creamy and amazing. :P
Open 24/7!
Really good pizza!
Don't order the mozzarella and tomatoes wrap. It's a lot of mozzarella with no flavor at all.
Pizza is good here!
Chicken Salad on whole grain toast, with lettuce, tomato, and Swiss cheese. Little bit of mayo, little bit of mustard. DEEEEELICIOIS!!!!!
Favorite dive-y bar in Midtown. Make sure you get some crispy wontons with your beer.
The food here is amazing! One of my faves!
Hands down best chinese in nyc! And the waitresses wouldn't stop calling me "beautiful girl" so I'd go back anytime.
Great staff! Buy your loose candy in the flat rate box. It's cheaper than by the lb. depending on how much you get.
My new favorite place! Candy land dreams take place here !!!
Really awesome place! Lots of cool knick knacks as well as candy :)
awesome service here! waitress gave us both sides for our brunch dishes! get the house fav crepe too!
Great spot. Love the Uptown panini...Also large glasses of wine. Great beer selection as well.
GREAT dinner place. Get the Cookies and Cream crepe when you're done with your Savory one!
The food is delicious but if you need to get work done, inquire about the wifi before sitting, it's been down 3 times that I've been in.
BLT panini is fantastic, especially with the recommended merlot to pair.
fluffy crepes, tasty paninis and "build-your-own mimosa" special ($25 gets you a bottle of Prosecco and carafe of orange juice).
Mon half price wine bottle, not bad!
Probably my favorite brunch spot. All the crepes are great but also definitely a big fan of the Uptown panini with a banana bread beer. Delicious!
Amazing bloody mary's
Better than Max Brenner's.
One of my favorite spots on the UES. Free wifi. Try the country crepe -- it will blow you away.
Be prepared to stay a while. The kitchen is beyond slow.
veggie panini was huge and delicious - get it.
Perfect Sunday morning is a Crepe of any style and a Bloody Mary
Sweet crepes with nutella are always good to go to if you don't know what to order. They're all quite filling.
Been here twice, worst service ever!  Waiter and cooks are nowhere to be found.  Dessert crepes are tasty but not worth $8.50.  Sandwiches are great though.
Baby's coffee is the best! You can't go wrong with the country crepe either. Great local spot.
Get your crepes in entree or dessert style.  Either way, delicious!
Half price bottles of wine after 5pm at least on Mondays...
Order the Country, strawberries, bananas, nutella, sooo good
Definitely get a sweet crepe, preferrably something with nutella...amazing! The alcoholic coffee's aren't worth it. They have Tazo teas and will steam milk for you, too. Go back again and again.
Nutella and strawberry pancakes are kids favorites. Very reasonable dinner spot.
enjoy the sandwich.
$5 sandwiches everyday!
Choose a salad w 1 protein and unlimited toppings for $6
Their gluten free selection is wonderful and reasonable!!
Yay gluten free menu including waffles, chicken fingers and pancakes!
Good stuffed mushrooms. The chicken orzo soup is all orzo and no soup!
If you happen by this diner (yes, it's a diner), get the brisket!
As is implied by Ray's tip, this place is a full-fledged diner--so don't let the modest "Cafe" in the name turn you away.
Classic upper west side diner with a good tuna melt.  Good option if you are in the neighborhood. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Good menu, large portions, clean, and open 24 hours a day! Plus, the staff constantly refills your coffee!
Gluten free or filled with gluten ALL their food is amazing
Try their lemonade!!!!!!!
The place is always clean and the staff are super friendly. The only diner in the neighborhood worth eating at.
Average tasting grilled cheese and fries. Meh.
They have an extensive gluten-free menu including gluten-free beer. Just ask the server for the gf menu.
Drink it up!!
Yay charging station!!!
The bartender is the rudest person I've ever met in my life. He actually thinks you're doing him a favor by entering his dumpster. Don't go there.
Cold Beer. Dont forget pay your tips.
Check if air is working and if you want Magners ask they maybe out.
Tracey Morgan is downstairs...
Love this place. The chocolate mousse cake is ridiculously amazing.
Bartenders are amazing!
Lousy service. Great location.
Try riazul tequila. Amazing!!!!
Go for trivia on Tuesday at 9 and get happy hour prices
$10 lunch special including drink
Restaurant.com has certificates for here!
broadway play goers dumping zone, tourist central ;)
Do not take the free shots. U will throw up :-)
Best chicken tenders ever. No matter where your from best ever
Great pub; good good; convenient area...
Try the Goose Island.
The beef stew is excellent. Very rich guinness taste.
Get the Celtic Lemonade
No Newcastle = snob
No Kilkenny either
Great bartender named Patrick .. and a cool bouncer named Joey .. good prices too .. when you see the bouncer joey or the bartender Patrick tell them Donnie the Irish Verizon guy sent you in !!
no Newcastle. ^^
The wings are truly outstanding (and I don't say that often), and a generous portion.
no Newcastle.
excellent lemon drop shots!
Mozzarella sticks are amazing! Overall food is pretty good.
Many vegatarian selections for those of us that swing that way.
Great turkey club sandwich!
Get a chicken pot pie. The crust is amazing, and the rest of it is quite delicious as well :)
Salad is def the best bet here.
Super friendly. Affordable prices w good food.
Their sandwiches are delicious!
$7.62 with tax for large salad (1 main topping + 4 basic toppings), bread and lemonade.
Too crowded and not enough seating! Avoid this location if possible.
Not sure what's in the fried apple pie. Probably crack if you ask me.
Get free wi-fi and you can charge your iPhone 5 (or other phone) on the 3rd floor
Cherry berry chillers. 'nuff said
Recharge your device on third floor!
Bathroom lines are way to long four bathrooms really ?
Open 24 hours. Slow, but it works for an overnight shift
The McDouble sandwiches are delicious!
this is the third mcdonalds i have been in where "the coffee machine is broken"...  starting to think McCafe is a hoax
"Are you on line?" "Yes, there's one long line." *looks* "No, you idiot, there are, like, four registers." *proceeds to get food before everyone else*
Welcome to NYC...prices are double
este lugar es muy lento! y además no hay mucho espacio para sentarse en la parte superior
Worst mac donald's ever !! You wait for ever and you are not able toget extra sugar in your coffee !
There is more then one line. Don't follow the tourist who always form one super-long line.
Good bathrooms on the 2nd floor in case of a gots to go situation.
Ask for Daisy she is the manager and does a great job!
Damn, that was one of the best milk shakes I had in a while... Now I'm gonna have to work it off extra hard in the gym.. FML
In and out. One min. #5 with an oj and I'm done
Try the mocha caramel hot coffee...very satisfying.
Great music selection on Monday nights.
I can at least say that I've never gotten food poison from a McD in the 3-4yrs I worked the neighborhood.
There are six registers. Go to the side ones for faster service.
If you have something to do DON'T stop here .
Try the chicken and coffee!!!
Slowest mcdonalds ever
The eggplant appetizer is divine. Don't miss it!
slow poached egg brunch entree is a little piece of white heaven :)
eggplant!!!
The Buccatini handmade lamb sausage and mushroom pasta is to die for.
Greek Easter Lamb Roast this Sunday at 1 PM!
Try the mushroom or the artichoke crostini. The eggplant vegetable dish is seasonal and well-flavored, with a yogurt honey base and a kick of Calabrian chili puree.
Try the Lamb Sandwich With Mixed Greens (via @Foodspotting)
Get the eggplant as a side dish (even if you think you don't like eggplant, as I did). It is DELICIOUS!
Taste -  The Mushroom or the Artichoke. The eggplant vegetable dish is seasonal and well-flavored, with a yogurt honey base and a kick of Calabrian chili puree.
Fabulous selection of sustainable, organic, biodynamic and vin naturals wines
Try the burrata for an appetizer - it is amazing. Our server, Amy gave great recommendations and was extremely pleasant. The owner, James Mallios did an incredible job and runs a great restaurant!
Molta gent pero sembla que menjarem bé.
De moment molta gent. Ja veurem com menjem
You can have your present, and eat it too w/ their “Dark Chocolate Bag” which is a mini edible bag made of sheets of Valrhona chocolate filled w/ fresh berries, raspberry mousse & whipped cream.
You can have your present, and eat it too w/ their “Dark Chocolate Bag” which is a mini edible bag made of sheets of Valrhona chocolate filled w/ fresh berries, raspberry mousse & whipped cream.
Crabcake Benedict and a bloody Mary. You won't be sorry.
Tasty crusted mahi mahi. Also, snag a bite of someone's mashed potatoes... Delish.
Butternut squash soup to die for... Michelle is a thorough and thoughtful server...highly recommended for brunch/late lunch
We saw Anjelica Huston here.  End of story.
Delicious upscale brunch. Get the smoked salmon scrambled eggs.
Brunch is the best. Salmon benedict. Filet mignon benedict. Mmmmm.
Blueberry waffle + bacon. Yes.
The Wild Mushroom Flatbread with its Truffle oil on top could be the best dish  ever.
Now serving our Restaurant Week 3-Course Dinner Menu ($35) during Sunday dinner. That's in addition to lunch and dinner 3-course menus for lunch and dinner Monday - Friday. Don't miss out!
Brianna is the best waitress there. The salads were excellent. Loved the sorbet dessert. My child loved the mac n cheese from the kids menu. Special attention was paid to my food allergy.
The refreshing watermelon and heirloom tomato salad hits the spot on a hot summer day!
Lovely setting by natural history museum. .  average service and even more average food. Go for the location and not the food.
Great sunday brunches with free cocktail, although menu could do with some more rotation.
Yes, they will always ask for your id, even if you are clearly over 21. It's our company's policy and the server's job is terminated on the spot if they don't ask or check properly.
Smoked mozzarella flat bread is de-lish!
This bartender belongs on the lower east in a dive. Not here.
Did ask me for my ID. Despite me clearly being over 21. Did not know whether to accept my British Drivers License. Weird.
wait for table outside on a sunny day
Delicious brunch items. Mimosas went very well with the brunch dishes as well.
Help us fund clean water for children around the world! Donate to UNISEF’s TAP Project by giving $1 for tap water & $2 for bottled water during World Water Week - March 19-25th
Really bad behavior from the staff when is near closing hours....everyone running and I had to ask 3 times for a fork after my meal  arrived!
Come by on St. Patrick's Day Saturday- feast on corned beef & cabbage specials, sip a cold beer, be entertained by Irish dancers and enter our “ Pot of Gold” raffle for prizes
The hostest was lame, kind of bit snobby, but persevere....the rest of the staff is awesome, great service and great food.
What's a guy gotta do to get his water refilled around here... Other than no water food was great.
Filet mignon benedict is to die for. The best!
Time to party into 2012! Cheers here: http://www.brguesthospitality.com/group-blog/5432newyearseve2012
The margaritas here make me happy. Love a classic? Order the Frida on the rocks w/ no salt. ☺
Great Guacamole.  The best enchiladas suizas in town.
Chicken Enchiladas Suiza is the best!! Makes this UESider trek to the UWS. And we all know that's a BIG deal.
Happy Hour only applies if you're seated at the bar. Poor service, but don't hesitate to say something to the manager.
Best huevos rancheros of my LIFE. Ask for extra guac. It's excellent.
Margaritas are small and service milks the pre-ordering experience so you're bound to spend more on drinks than you planned.
The guacamole is a must!!!
Best mixiote in the world! Esta picudo cabrones!
Get the the tomato soup!
Arrive early for a seat at the bar. Excellent happy hour doesn't apply at tables.
Mole Negro De Oaxaca half chicken braised white rice and platanos maduros is amazing! Also the white sangria will really hit the spot :)
I wasn't very impressed with the staff, but the food is good enough to keep me coming back for more!
Bit of a snafu with the reservation system. Get here with time to spare.
$3 salsa sampler is a cheap and delicious starter!
Tomato soup!
Brasied chicken mole is excellent.  Eat with a Margarita and you are in heaven.
They didn't allow our bassinet stroller, on a Sunday afternoon. Lost me as a client.
Best Mexican food I've ever had. Try the guacamole, chile relleno, and a mojito.
A limited menu and pricey guacamole. Want a more satisfying meal go next door to the shack.
You'll never gonna miss Mexican food!
Possibly the best Michelada in New York.
Gotta try the DF Mojitos and the "Tampiqueña"
Brunch menu much more veggie friendly than their dinner menu. But the tequila menu is not to be missed during dinner (or brunch, if that's your thing).
Great Mexican spot- maybe the best in the UWS!  Chorizo Empanadas lamb tacos are good
Worst service ever
Stick to the appetizers.
I'm addicted to guacamole and I need another hit of the good stuff. Help, I'm really jonesing.
The sweet corn pudding is a must-have!
Guacamole was delicious.
Get the Mexican queso fondue with chorizo with a mojito on the rocks
This traditional American spot is named after Hollywood agent Swifty Lazar.
Lived the location & setting-- kind of tribally Anglo Saxon. Crab cocktail & and crabcakes, and creamed spinach, as well as gingerbread pudding w/caramel ice cream all just perfect.
So not sure what it takes to get table in the back. We were here @ 6:30pm and no one in back....but said fully booked
Enjoyed soufflé although never had before so cannot compare
Great steak frites and try the cheese souffle!
The fragrant Peach Upside Down Cake, the moist Lemon Pound Cake, and the marvelous selection of house-made ice creams may tempt you to eat dessert first. (Give in to these temptations.)
Switfy’s is like our Upper East Side country club. You must try chef Stephen Attoe’s crabcakes – and if you have room left give the chocolate soufflé a whirl, you certainly won’t be disappointed.
Campfood style, a place to be seen. The chicken and mashed potatoes were  good
Most nights the chicken is great. One night I had dry chicken, but they were overwhelmed/shorthanded that night and it was still ok.
Terrible service and the chicken is dry. You're way better off getting chicken and rice from a halal cart and for less!!
A+ excellent food
I'm certain they use the water from the Hudson River to make the coffee at this location.
There's always a line, but that's because the store is tiny. Don't be intimidated, the line moves.
Horrible service. Completely overpriced. Don't go here. (If you do go here order the queso fundido...and a crap margarita.)
Any recent experience with the place as service , food etc ??  Last one dated 2011
Found live ROACH IN MY FOOD!! This place is disgusting! Manager did nothing!! I took video though.. Can anyone say.. NYC Health  Stay away.
Avocado Fries (fried avocado) was so good!
Friendly bartenders. Good place to have a waiting-for-laundry margarita.
Really great Margaritas
Monday Nights Bingo @7 with a Tasha Salad and Jimmy Prada! Free to play with chances to win 10 gift certs and tequila!
This place is great...just dont get more ambitious than margaritas and guac.
Worst dinner ever in HK
The seviche is NOT GOOD!
Best quesadilla.Ever.
Pathetic place. They canceled their Saturday margarita happy hour special in honor of Cinco de Mayo. $5 drinks? Not today. Try $15.
Don't bother. Very slow. Like 30 min to get food an not even chops to hold you over
greet lace louies the man
Monday night bingo!
Margs are just juice. Less than 4 seconds of tequila poured in = less than one shot. I'll pay for Arriba Arriba next time and actually get my money's worth.
Monday night bingo and dj.
Awesome spicy guac!
Home is where the heart is = )
For the quality, price and service, def go somewhere else.
Love Love Love The $5 margaritas!!!!!!
The same way this was a horrible gay bar 6 months ago it's now a horrible mexican spot.  Better off at Lime Jungle or Ariba Ariba.
Good guacamole but a little spicy.
There's a reason there's no line... Keep walking.
Love the margaritas
My favorite Mexican place here. The guacamole is a must and $5 ritas all night.
Best guacamole in the neighborhood.
Slow service and below average Mexican food. Many better options in HK.
Tasty food, priced too high for it's quality and the neighborhood. Still, I found my guacamole delish and my happy hour cheap...
As a small biz owner I only hope the best for other. However this place is like someone got a Mexican restaurant out of a box. And the price is high for the space/ quality. Its not as awful as flavor!
Despite the plethora of Thai restaurants in Hell's Kitchen, this has to be by far one of the best in the area.
Everything we had was delicious!  Panang & Pad Thai were big hits, as was the tofu soup.
Try their $10 lunch specials...appetizers and entree.
Try the vegetable spring rolls, they are amazing.
Amazing vegetable spring rolls
If you like fresh basil, my recommend is yam won sen. A lot of Fresh basil is mixed in yam won sen.
wonderful lunch specials.
The women's room is amazing. Food is good too, but this BATHROOM. I'm telling you.
Steamed dumplings are good -- a bit different than what you expect.
Their sanitation grade wasn't posted, and for reference it's a C. Also, we came here after Sandy, and they were extremely rude due to overflow of online orders.
Not great and kind of dingy. Basera (opposite side of 9th) is better.
The Lamb tikki Marsala is Very yummy. I have it all the time.
My favorite Indian spot in the city!
Cheap Buffet on Sunday for Lunch!
Staff was rude. Overcharged me and then argued with me loudly. Did not give me a glass with ice for my Coke.
Small spot for great Indian. GREAT service.
Two words: Overpriced!!
2 Little Red Hens cakes. Yummy! Coffee and an oatmeal raisin cookie. Great coffee, & great counter people.
Chicken. Tortilla. Soup.
Tomato soup is yammy
The usual yummy d&d sandwiches and salads plus this one has a burger bar! One of my standby midtown lunch locales. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great soups. Choose a sourdough roll with your soup.
Show your City Scape or Kaplan ID for discount
Check out some great shoes for the holidays at www.michaelantonio.com
Try their quiches, from Les Tartes de Francoise: very tasty!
The make your own salads are legit
Good salads
Beware! There's a really mean lady who works behind the counter.
Worst martini I've ever had! Don't ask me why I ordered a martini.
Critics' Pick winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Fascinating Sports Bar!
If you want old manhattan taxi driver era stuff, come here
Best bartender around
One of our favorite dive/tiki bars in all five boroughs.  Start at 8am with the old men or come later for great jukebox tunes, trashy barteders and a lot of dancing!
Truly distinguished.
If you don't speak Spanish, you'll feel unwelcomed here
Come here.
One of the few places in NYC to get Presidente
High Latin population but staff is very friendly.
Have an ICE Cold Presidente Beer and register to win an ALL expenses paid 4-day Caribbean Experience for you and a guest to Hard Rock Punta Cana. Must be 21+
it's very...distinguished.
This bad ass bar isn’t for the weary-hearted but enjoy cheap drinks & great tunes. Brought to you by THE EXPENDABLES opening August 13!
Super High End joint.
the first rule of wakamba is that you don't talk about wakamba
Don't come here
it's an adventure... kitschy and fun, yet dark and weird.
If you want to get a photo like this - ask hosters for a table in the left row!
Lobster Napoleon delicious !!!
Hidden gem to be found on the 7th floor of the Bergdorf Goodman shopping store. Very posch and well decorated. Views of central park and the plaza. Come for coffee to admire the view!
Food is very good. Those who complaint about the prices, it is BG , what do you expect? Olive Garden? Great seafood salad and perfect service, chic and understated. Best kept secret uptown
I can't believe they call this food. With entrees worth $30 per dish, I can't believe people actually come here to eat. Don't order the croque. Or the chicken risotto.
Their soups during the fall are amazing
Seafood salad is amazing. Service is great. Everything I have tried is really good. You won't be disappointed except maybe with the prices.
Try the "Pre Dessert" (via @Foodspotting)
Delicious mashed potatoes and scallops
The Lobster Napoleon is fabulous! Hearty chunks of lobster, fresh pasta layers, chanterelles, truffle butter. *drools*
Perfect spot to grab a glass of wine & grab a view of the park.
On the menu, there is nothing too heavy for the ladies who lunch (crab cake salad, roasted cod, etc), and they even serve a lovely afternoon tea with French favorite, Dammann Freres tea.
Chicken Anda roll is a must!
كل الأطباق حلوه إيطالي بحت مادخل فيه مزيج أمريكي  .. القعدة برا أحلي بكثير من داخل
Lambshank and risotto is boss.
Totally #FFactorApproved restaurant. Love them!
Service was good, food was excellent, ambiance superior. U would definitely come back!
We're pretty keen on BiCE as a before-or-after theater dinner destination - in fact, they're even helping honor the best of off-Broadway at the 2012 Village Voice Obie Awards May 21 at Webster Hall!
We love that the pasta is made fresh daily, and the service is flawless. The front café section and sidewalk seating provide (slightly) more low key alternatives.
So obsessed with this place! If it were up to me I would eat there every day!
Wasn't impressed...certainly not worth the money.
Pasta excellent, ambiance welcoming, baked Alaska to die for.
Spaghetti with Meat sauce is great!
Extremely busy during lunch time. Portions are large. Wasn't too thrilled about the veal/spinach ravioli.
Portions huge. Oso buco is amazing
U can never go wrong in this traditional italian rest. Pasta always al dente, great ambience, open from lunch to dinner, love to sit in the outdoor tables to watch people
The service is atrocious. Really horrible.
The service was so horrible its hard to describe.
Make reservations for the Mother's day 4-course Prix Fixe - save room for GELATO!
Go here if you're looking for a restaurant open late at night - we had a hard time looking for one (I thought NY never sleeps eh) glad to have discovered this one
Go to BiCE Ristorante and get sphagetti and meat sauce. Classic and delicious.
Great service and you're served right away!
Best risotto in midtown!
Excellent place. Great service- very attentive and great food.
Great food , always
Costoletta Ai Ferri is delicious
20% non dis surcharge included and then leave open option for tip on credit card. Forget it. I would not come again
Was here for an engagement party & therefore had the fabulous experience of an open bar. The bartender was AMAZING. I may even go as far as to call him my new best friend. My glass was never empty :)
Try the figs!
Don't be afraid of the super-ripe, just pop it in yo' mouth!
Try the loaded baked potato - They take everything that goes on a baked potato and make it into a soup. Genius! (via @Foodspotting)
Grumpy old customers
Cream of tomato with chicken & orzo is amazing!
Small soup and half avocado sandwich. Top.
Chicken and corn chowder is amazing.
Hello this place need to be renovated. Too many people going here and cannot accomodate this amount of people
Variety of yummy soups!  Nothing better than a hot soup in the freezing winter!
they are always playing Ella in here. Nothing wrong with that.
Great salads with lots of ad-ins to choose from!
Nothing beats their tomato cheddar. So good!
One of the best healthy food chains out there. Can't go wrong with the 3 Lentil Chili & Balsamic Chicken Avocado Sandwich we had to choose just one - Halstead Property "Your Neighborhood Expert"
Basil tomato soup and turkey+apple+brie sandwich
Very hearty and very crowded for lunch.
Try the smoked turkey corn chowder and ask for 7 grain bread. Save $$ by drinking the available pitchers of water.
No lines at 11:30
Wasabi mashed potatos are the bomb!
The sangria comes in pint glasses! Shrimp enchiladas are A+.
order anything with pork tinga and the nachos with cheese, beans and jalapeños
Great burritos!  Get a beer while you wait.
Mexcellent takeout!
The best red sangria and fresh empanadas
Mexican nachos are delish!
Great Mole!
Pour their El Yucateco hot sauce on everything you order.
Very authentic, delicious sushi. No fancy rolls here as it should be. Appropriately attentive service. Not cheap but not overpriced, $110 for three w drinks. Small portions, as in Japan.
Go on Saturday or Sunday for the Weekend Menu (dine-in only)! $2.50/ 3-piece roll
I strongly suggest to taste the salmon sashimi salad. One of the best japanese restaurants in midtown!
Per Eater, chef prepares 30 bowls of shio ramen W-F. Get there before noon, and you'll get ramen, salad, & rice bowl for $14.
Hair in my sushi, bug on the wall. Ewww
At happy hour between 11:30 and 12:00 you get $3 off the already great priced lunch special. Ramen on Wednesdays and Fridays!
love their weekday happy hour lunch special! be there around 11:30-12 and you can get a lunch set for $11. Friday's ramen (pick from pork or veggie) with eel over rice and a small salad! so yummy!
The time to go is noon on Wed and Fri when the chef has 30 bowls of ramen prepared for lunch service. If you're one of the lucky first arrivals, you'll get a bowl of Shio ramen for around $14.
Ramen on the weekends
One of my fave sushi spots in NYC. The ambiance is modern & clean with comfy white chairs. The rolls are creative, the fish is fresh, and they have a good selection of sake. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Half off sushi menu on wknd is  awesome
Best green tea ice cream ever as well.
You really can't go wrong here. Even their miso soup is awesome. My new favorite sushi place in manhattan.
Try the above-average shrimp tempura/avocado roll. It comes out warm. Sesame seed crunch sets off the avo.
Try the weekend special menu!!
Great sushi....it feels like you're in Japan. The sesame mochi is yummy.
Omekase at the bar was fantastic.
Try the chirashi lunch special (Tuesdays only)
Monday Lunch Special: Rice w/ curry sauce (plain, no protein or veg), salad and soup. $7.50 Got a bottle of Ito En oolong tea thrown in for free too.
Wednesday shio ramen lunch special is amazing. one of the best bowls of ramen in the city.
All we have to say at WP is "Frozen Caramel Apple Martini please!" This frozen delight keeps the party going after "Bethany" showings.
Hung out with 3 high-school friends whom i haven't seen since H.S. Drinks were good but the waiteress had forgotten my order smh..good atmosphere friendly vibe.
horrible service, rude waitress, watered down drinks, overcharged bill, nasty burgers . all in both visits, 5 months apart. never coming back. i shouldve learned from the first time we went.
Do not come here
Bud light buckets are NOT WORTH IT! The bottles are small and are less beer than the mugs! Boo!! Buying Bud light draft is cheaper
Great bar for games and cheap drinks. Be warned that your bill on a tab already includes tip. They don't tell you this (few signs posted) and receipt doesn't say it.
A 10 oz draft beer is $3.75 because gratuity and tax is included. Bartenders will not charge your phone at the bar.
Karaoke nights on Mondays are so much fun!!!
Super cheap eats at this Hells Kitchen joint. $1 burgers, $2 shots, and $3 beers.
There isn't much more to say other than $1 sliders, $2 shots, and $3 beers.  All the other food is going to cost you $5.00 plus though!
$1 burger $2 mix shots
The bartender sucks ass how do you not know how to make an amaretto sour the food took forever and on top of it the shots suck ass I am never coming again ughhh
Slider special: Sunday five, buy five get one free. Sunday ten, buy ten get three free. Bucket of 6 for $15
SHADY OVERCHARGE on MIXED DRINKS!! Stick to beer! Got charged $10 for a drink that was supposed to be $6.25, with no attempt to fix it!
$1 Burgers, Cheap meals , great specials on drinks ...Beer Pong I can mess with it <3
Looking for a BADASS deal? Stop by for $1 burgers, $2 shots and $3 beers. Brought to you by THE EXPENDABLES 2 in theaters August 17!
Loved the sliders and the Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Cider.
Don't come here they have shotty service
You have to buy 3 sliders at a time. But the food is good and the prices are fair. Good selection of booze, too.
Eat and Eat
The honey garlic wings are the best!!!!
Thursday nights are awesome...drink specials, cheap food...cheap drinks...cool vibe...nice crowd. Cant go wrong.Gold BBQ sauce is truth!
Make a dirty sentence out of the shots and see how far you get!
Ok the bartenders name is skip, and him the decorations is the best thing here. The Sliders are half the size of a white castle twice the sa
Horrible service. Watered down drinks.
Crappy service and forgot our order a few times. Just because it's decent prices doesn't mean it worth it. Go somewhere else
Disappointing. Got crappy service. Bartender forgot our orders my than once and took forever to get our food. Not coming back.
Try the screaming orgasm!
$1 burgers??? Yeeeah... Gross!! Not a fan. onion rings??? Ur a bar, they should excite my beer... not disappoint it. $2 shots??? Barf!
Bad service, bad shots, bad burgers... didn't have any beer.
Delicious blueberries!
Sometimes they have strawberries for a $1, when they do stock up and freeze them.
This is fancy. Lovely, but not a pre party place before a concert in the park.. Oops.
Le Caprice got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/4882
Try the Pear And Blackberry Tart - Nom nom nom dessert  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pan Seared Salmon With Lentils - Entree option. Please excuse the flash (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Maple's Mark - Nom. Eileen Ng agrees. (via @Foodspotting)
The libations list is a triple threat, boasting old standbys like a superb Pimm’s Cup, new twists like the ginny Ginger Caprice cocktail, and fine wines like the Viña Bosconia Rioja Reserva 2002.
The steak tartare is out; the smooth and elegant veal tartare is in. Just ask for extra capers!
Sit at the bar, order the Welsh Rarebit and wait for it with a Rogue Dead Guy Ale.  You won't regret it!
Enjoy a relaxing and delicious breakfast of Buttermilk Pancakes, served with warm maple syrup. Or stop in for a power lunch of Fish and Chips that will have you licking your fingers.
Absolutely amazing in every way
We loved one of the house breakfast favorites, the kedgeree folded with smoked haddock and salmon. The blend of flavors is delicious but not overwhelming on the taste buds so early in the morning.
One of the best steak tartare...
The Ginger Caprice use to be an "off menu" drink made by one bartender.   It's now become a signature of the establishment. Get it.
The Ginger Caprice use to be an "off menu" drink made by one bartender.   It's now become a signature of the establishment. Get it.
Order a Ginger Caprice.... If you like Hendricks or St. Germaine, you'll love it.
Try their signature dessert - the iced berries.
The Pierre’s elegant newcomer boasts a standout morning menu; try the Welsh rarebit or the excellent fish and chips with minted mushy peas. Featured in Where to Eat 2011!
The Egg Benedict is perfect!
Amazing cocktails.   Just sit at the bar and drink it all in.
The NY version of a London restaurant. Make a resy on OpenTable to score points there, otherwise hope the manager doesn't turn his nose up at you. Not as tony as they'd have you believe.
Recommended: Steak, sticky toffee pudding. If you want to head on over early and have a martini, try out the haddock tart at the bar.
Very good place. Food was pretty good and the drinks was strong.
Got a 4sq's $20 discount and a good stake there. Good place.
Chocolate sponge cake was pretty damn good, great atmosphere as well. Nice relaxing break from the city.
The burgers rock!!!!
The chicken pot pie is money. Do it or hate yourself forever.
Great place for a business lunch or a pre-theater meal.  Try the Tuna Sashimi, Steamed Mussels and Vegetable Dumplings.  We were pleasantly surprised.
If you don't make it in, this St. Patties, for the lamb stew you will regret it for the rest of your life.
Best carrot cake I ever had. Entrees are HUGE; come hungry. If you go during the day, sit at the bar b/c Liam is da MAN. Ask for the wifi; it's not public, but they'll give you the code (bless them!).
Went today. Slow service and wasn't the friendliness but close to trains and the food was good. Guac was yummm
Tapas are great! So is the steak salad
Try the tapas! Tried the platter, loved all 4!
The menu is crap, the food is garbage.  Better off going to blimpie's in this tourist trap
get the guacamole with yucca chips!  if you don't see it on the menu, ask.  (it's in the bar menu, not the restaurant menu).
Not a salad place
Tandoori chicken sandwich is great!
The address is wrong... It's 147 west 40th street
Food is great but the service is on the slow side. Make sure you have ample time when dinning here.
Get the tapas! Any or all of them! The lemongrass mussels, chicken quesadilla, and portobello mushroom are exceptionally good!! Bar is excellent too!
Ask for a booth and try the empanadas. Spicy lamb, quite nice.
Best station is sushi—good quality for a corporate cafe. Get on line early! Quality takes time & sushi man is popular.
Most amazing Italian food! Make sure you bring cash as they don't accept cards. Don't forget to try the lamb chops
Fish, veal, grilled vegetables...no bad choices here.
Ask the chief Giuseppe, what's great. We ate today 5 dishes, all was great!
by far the best Italian food I've ever had. make sure u order the gnocchi ( w gorgonzola) and the tiramisu for dessert! you won't regret it! pinky promise ;)
Simply the best. No need to look at the menu, just listen to Chef Giuseppe as he tells you the night's specials.
Gnocchi in white truffle sauce. Game over.
Papardelle is outstanding!
Amazing food here! Eggplant rollatini is great. Definitely get the chocolate mousse.
Get the salted caramel donuts. Amazing!
The Bombay mussels are fantastic!!!! The doughnuts are a popular dessert. OpenTable messes up reservations so make sure you call and confirm a day in advance.
Was apprehensive because mussels are a lot of work & not always big portions. Absolutely not the case. Great, numerous flavor selections. Very filling. Truffle fries, donuts, kale salad, and mussels.
Bombay is one of the best mussel dishes I've had at a seafood restaurant. If you're looking to try something new, I highly recommend. Salted caramel donuts are also a must.
Don't eat too much bread before the mussels come!
Avoid.  Staff is incredibly rude.
Probably top 5 fave restaurants for me!  Mussels 25 different ways.  Definitely need to be a seafood lover, which I am!  Great wine too:)
Oysters, truffle fries, Marseilles and Maine mussels are sinful. Yeah, sinful.
San Daniele mussels with Chefs Creek oysters...
Same deal as downtown. Mobbed on Thursday night. Saturday afternoon is better, try for one of the three outdoor tables.
Kale salad is delish!
Get an off menu alcoholic doughnut, the s'mores one, and the salted caramel one.
Go in through the back door on East 50th Street instead of through the front on Rockerfeller Plaza on busy days.
The Dijon mussels are amaaaazing!
For your mussel fix!
We had the Classic and the Parma, they were good but the mussel pot is still my fav
Try the Bombay Mussels - #heaven (via @Foodspotting)
The warm salted caramel doughnut is to die for. Came highly recommended by our waiter, too.
Try the Salted Caramel Donut (via @Foodspotting)
Get the bruschetta muscles and doughnuts for dessert
Bisque and Parma are favorites. Be sure to try the Old Bay Fries and Doughnuts also.
They charge for refills on sodas and it comes from gun.  Pretty shiesty.
When at a restaurant with mussels in the name, it should be obvious what to order.  The real prize however are the truffle fries.
Brussels sprouts are a must. One word...bacon.
Had the San Daniele mussels with a Lobster Ale draft beer from Maine - both great
Boozy donuts + salted caramel donuts = heaven
Parma + donuts and you're done.
A seafood lovers heaven, Flex makes the N-Siders list for the most amazing mussels in NYC! We suggest trying Thai, Bombay, Provencal & South Pacific pot! Save room for the salted caramel doughnut!
Seafood lovers heaven! Giant pot of mussels and more than 20 sauces to choose from. TASTY!
Whoope pie. That is all.
Best restaurant in NYC? Yup.
The kale salad is perfection
Get the eggplant Parma while you're at it download SNOCRU for FREE from the app store!
The best carbonara I've ever had outside of Italy.
Fantastic carbonara and triangoli ravioli! The beet salad, clams, meatballs are also amazing!
don't forget to ask for the tomato sauce and baked goat cheese dip-it should come witht he bread but sometimes they forget- its absolutely amazing!
Foods good!! Nice, friendly staff..
Pretty big lunch crowd of construction workers here on weekdays. Get the garlic knots!
Nicest guy n the best pizza definitely go here
Neem geen cola. Maar fristi
falafel + grape leaves
Great greek and middle eastern food.
Try some spinach pie, home made cacık and ayran - all very delicious.
Awesome lamb gyros!!!!!
Try the chocolate with Ginger.  It's delicious
Very friendly customer service... try the hummus samples at the register... And get their tuna salad in a pita -- delish!!
They carry the best middle eastern food including falafel and tahini sandwhich, armenian string cheese and Bulgarian feta.
Cinnamon raisin bagel with vegetable cream cheese, FTW
Excellent quality, always consistent throughout the years! Excellent, Friendly and Efficient staff, one of the top top Italian restaurants in the world! You simply can't go wrong ordering anything!
The best consistent Italian food in New York in the last 25 years or more! Top quality service by professional staff members who have been there forever!
Tom Selleck and former LA Police Chief were dining the night we were there.
Actress Phoebe Cates calls this UES spot her "sanctuary of sanity" in this week's NY Diet. She and husband Kevin Kline love the steak au poivre.
Dont skip the appetizer course and order the Beef Carpaccio with Truffle oil topped with large slices of Pecorino cheese, the cheese atop the enticing aroma of the truffle oil is something not to miss
Not a huge fan of bread pudding...here, along with everything else, it was amazing!! Italian food to die for...
Fabulous Paglio e Fieno; my fave in the city. And, Tom Selleck was there last time I dined.
Sebastiano Rosa of "Sassicaia" with Daniel Bellino Zwicke (Wine Director Bar Inc.) and Giovanni Folnari of Nozzole at 2009 Tre Bicchiere
Just saw Tom Selleck here mingling about an hour ago.
The best zuppa di peshe ever!!!
Very good food and its true Tom Selleck does eat there!
Tom Selleck was here too.  Any place that is good enough for Magnum P.I. is good enough for me.
For an appetizer, get the pasta trio. You can choose any three pastas on the menu, and they will bring everyone at your table a sample of each. It's worth it -- this is some of the best Italian in NYC
The best pasta is Santa Lucia - you can only get it on Saturday night!
The chicken parm - not listed on the menu - and the tortellini were delicious
Foods not bad a little over priced
Dece slice.
Best view in the city!
Better of spending your money at the 100 other beautiful places in the city with a view that you'll actually be able to get something you want!
So read the menu before hand and make sure that you like all the dishes exactlyhow they are.... Or don't waste your time!
Do not come here.  The chef will not make substitutions even if you pay extra, which is absurd.  Forget food allergies and specialty diets, they will not accommodate!
Order two appys for dinner. I reco the grilled calamari w/ kim chi and mozarella and proscuitto.
Excellent view. Delicious food. Life's great!
1 bathroom? wtf!!?
i love when you say "4 for drinks" the host says, "you can stay a half hour"
We ordered in from Gigino last night & it was excellent! Glad we discovered they deliver!
Sit on the back patio at sunset and gaze at lady liberty.
I think for the area your in the view is worth every penny looking at lady liberty and the park in the area is gorgeous the food was common portioned good appetizers were good and it wont cost much
Have the spaghetti and calimari with olives.  Delicious!
GORGEOUS DINNER LAST NIGHT--the seafood, pasta, rose, glorious view
Awesome view of Lady Liberty and the waterfront and even better pizzas and pasta! Casual and warm atmosphere.
Be sure to eat on a nice spring or summer day – the views from the outdoor seating are unrivaled!
quaint, outdoor italian with good food & even better views. the pasta dishes are stand outs.. ie: risotto alla pescatore or the tagliatelle bolognese.
laurie and i went here and thoroughly enjoyed Quail, Linguine/clams and their bolognese dish.  Olga made the evening outstanding.  Weather permitting, sit outside for spectacular  views and ambiance!
Appealing menu of authentic Italian specialties. Sleek, contemporary interior; enjoy views of the Statue of Liberty. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Best Outdoor Sunset Dining in the downtown area... superb food, great for group dinners and business lunches.. always ask to hear the specials!!
Food took forever
Good seafood risotto, portions were great
You can't beat the views or the food but avoid sunday afternoon when the place is teeming with cranky kids and clueless parents
Food is good, but the outdoor patio looking out over the water on a warm day is fantastic.
Really good food. Fresh pasta, good wine, great views. Go for lunch or early dinner.
Gigino's is the perfect place for an early dinner and a glass of grape juice watching the sun go down.
$5 after 2pm on weekdays gets you a pound of buffet Chinese: ribs, mapo tofu, breaded chicken, dumplings, rices and noodles-and it's not horrible. Can't really beat that!
All Day Happy Hour = cheap drinks always. $3 beer, $4 wells
If you're lucky, Jimmy the plumber will be there.
Free delivery!
Cash only!
Try the Fried Oreos - If you've never had a deep fried Oreo, you're missing out on one of the great wonders of the world. Chipsy tops em with powdered sugar and Nutella. #nomnom (via @Foodspotting)
Take out joint, but the masala fries rival the usual Pommes Frites
Finally McDougal gets a good burger. Chipsy's has a beautiful slice of tomato, pickles and a perfectly sized bun and patty. Fantastic mustard as well. The masala fries are also excellent.
Get the fried oreos!
"Use scoutmob to get 50% off." - Anonymous
My god that chicken cheesesteak was amazinggggggggggg !!!!
Awesome late night food! The Masala fries are a must especially with the dipping sauces- love the garlic mayo. Philly cheesesteak is great too :)
Awesome masala fries!
Fries taste fresh and delicious. So many different dipping sauces you will have to come back more then once to try them all. Pineapple chili is my favorite.
If you get Masala fries make sure you get the chipsy sauce. It's the best combination ever.
When health food doesn't cut it, skip the egg white whole-wheat wrap and head down to Chipsy for some fried Oreos. Made with pancake batter, Oreo cookies and cream, Nutella and powdered sugar on top.
The Masala French Fries here are delish. Skip the extra sauce – the Indian masala powder stands out with explosive flavor on its own.
Can't get enough chips! Check out how to make those delicious fries right at home! http://ow.ly/74Uiu
Pineapple chili is great
Food is amazing, with decent portions and prices.
Eggplant rolentini + Chicken Cacciatore = Yum!
They have a large upstairs that is great for kids & groups.
Bacon egg & cheese and large coffee for $4.50
Good for some post-workout turkey and gatorade.
Deals galore!!  (if you get a sandwich- get the big one for the same price)
$2 for a Vitamin Water?! Go to the Rite Aid on 7th ave on principle.
Sietsema likes Sour Beans and Minced Pork. "[try] ... this wonderful dish from the restaurant's hilarious Mao Tse Tung menu of home-style Hunan dishes. Savor the tartness and the heat!"
Best Yang Chow fried rice and Hotpot in the city...
Favorite Hot Pot place in Manhattan. Love that they use the classic communal big pot and offer all the my favorite parts like cow stomach and coagulated pig's blood. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Spicy broth, lotus root and wontons are a must. Cold beef tendon is a delicious appetizer.
Best hot pot in Chinatown. Hidden right around a corner, across from the Manhattan Bridge. Just look for the neon sign and steamed up windows. Love the atmosphere too, or lack thereof.
The split broth hot pot is fun. The schezwan chicken was good too!
If you're here for hot pot get the 1/2 chicken 1/2 spicy broth -- you'll want a break from the heat.
The Szechuan Cold Noodle were very pleasing. I'd give their food a 3½★'s and 2★'s  for atmosphere comfort and 3★'s for an exceptional service.
Don't eat their hotspots. The most expensive in new York. They even charge the source. Super Dislike
Tofu skins, glutinous rice cakes & peanut sauce - nothing else really matters. To give yourself a break from the heat, order half spicy/half not
Quality has gone down. Prefer the 33rd and lex hot pot location even though it doesn't have the dumpling got pot option.
Best hot pot in town. The wontons dipped in garlic sauce are one of the best bites I've had in NYC. Seriously. Bring your own wine or drinks if you want something other than beer, though. They're not
Great place for hot pot. Inexpensive and authentic!
Their hot pot dumplings are the same dumplings they use at Super Taste! Yum!!
Super expensive. Be careful at what you order. The sauces are individual sized. Food is not the best.
Hot pot! Recs: spinach, beef, fried tofu, dumplings, wheat noodles (handpulled noodles). If u love garlic, get the garlic oil sauce.
Hot pot faves: tofu skin, lamb, golden tipped mushrooms, shacha sauce, sichuan pepper broth
Order the Crispy Chicken with House Garlic Sauce, and ask for them to do it the old way with extra cilantro. Ma la perfection!
Great place for legit Sichuan hotpot but not for those looking for a pretty atmosphere :)
gotta get me some o dat hot pot
Vermicelli noodles with marinated chicken cannot be beat!
Nothing special about this ridiculously over priced joint. Dunno why I keep going back. Maybe just because of the convenience (I guess...).
Overpriced for the type of food, but priced appropriately for the neighborhood. The $12 credit card minimum still offends me, though.
Food is good, but menu is light. Slightly pricey.
Beef pad see iew, best so far. A good quality meal :)
I got the chicken and shrimp dumplings; good, but spiiiccy!
Overpriced pho.  Eating it out of the plastic takeout bucket is always problematic.  A bit pricey a well.
They are still ironing out kinks here. Made to order dishes better than daily specials; those tend to be generic & not kept as warm as they should be.  The pork belly appetizer is to die for!
The Crispy Caramelized Pork Belly is a meal, not an "appetizer"and also the best plate $9 can buy. The ordering system is awkward to two separate lines from two separate entrances.
Get the caramelized pork belly and Bangkok chicken platter. Why wouldn't you come here for lunch? Yum yum!
The soups rule
They refuse to swipe your credit card if your order is under $12 (which is not legal)
Love the lunch box Panang beef and green curry chicken!
At lunchtime, I order the eggplant/mock duck & whatever the daily special. It's always something delicious.
Hostess w/the black bob is awful. After stepping on friend's bag then telling her move it out of our line of sight, she had a bouncer kick us out. We were 3 dead sober women in our 30s. Not returning
The 1588 pairs two of my fave types of booze: Macallan 15 and Brugal 1888.
The haggis is terrific but you have to ask for it.
get the chicken dish - you wont be sorry!
Favorite West Village date spot. Order the Loch Maree, and you'll love me forever.  Strawberries & champagne - how can you go wrong?
This spot is a favorite of local designer Jacqueline Rousseau (she suggests the beef wellington and a cider!) Check out a limited edition Printed Chambray Tie by Jacqueline for Of a Kind here.
Try the scotch. Or one of the scotch mixed drinks. Fantastic.
Sweet ginger brown!
The haggis is the best I have had outside of Scotland!
The blood and sand is fantastic!
One of the best G&T's around
This place sux. Kettle One and Tonic = $10 glass of water. Everyone thinks their in some country club with high end etiquette. I say Stay away from here and save your money for A better bar.
Good selection of whiskey and whiskey based cocktails.  Food is Scottish comfort food, aka heavy,in a good way. Brussels sprouts and scallop are very good!
Respectable old fashioned
Get the salmon entree
Here, nothing beats a dram of peaty, smoky 18-year-old Laphroaig single malt, except when it’s coupled with a savory lamb sausage roll or a wild mushroom shepherd’s pie.
Not sure if I am in NYC or Greenwich
amazing mushroom risotto & Fig/burratta salad - also happy hour has good drinks deals :)
Good beers on tap, extensive scotch selection. Great martinis. Staff was very nice.
Aspargus risotto !!!
Menu musts: Lamb sausage roll, Meatplate, Scottish salmon, Beef Wellington http://bit.ly/oi9FWd
Vodka tonics are so solid here
Oh and the meat plate.
Order the Beef Wellington and the French Pinot and you will be a very happy person.
Not sound to like a broken record.. but the lamb and sausage roll is the tits!
Pimm's Cup!
Try the specialty cocktails. I particularly loved the one that's muddled with brown sugar.
Pop in for a dram of Nectar d'or and a Pork Schnitzel! Delish!
Great cocktails. The Rusty Nail is a favorite.
Thoroughly enjoyed my Full Scottish Breakfast, my Highlands Bloody Mary AND the staff! Plus they played all your favorite hits from the 80s during brunch; couldn't have been nicer. (via Scoville)
Best French restaurant in NYC! Amazing food, beautiful old building, and good staff! Old school nice!
Capsouto Freres Bistro Restaurant451 Washington St (at Watts St), New York, NY 10013French Restaurant
While everyone else at the table gets a raspberry or hazelnut soufflé, they've got the best creme brûlée in manhattan.
Try the raspberry soufflé!!!
Bring on the Bordeaux: Bordeaux Restaurant Week’s November 7-November 21, 2011 http://exm.nr/rCHoSH
The best soufles in NYC. My favorite, the hazelnut!
Escargot like rubber, roasted chicken- huge, let's see how 'the best soufflé in town' works out...;)
Am hooked on the salmon for brunch or dinner!
Am hooked on the salmon for brunch or dinner!
Most amazing souffle in the city
Souffles are a must! Also, Tarte Tatin for dessert.
For a slight change of pace, get the clementine souffle. It is not on the standard menu but is sometimes available.
Great food and great ambience. What's not to love?
Too yummy -- everything is fabulous -- especially the soufflé!!!!
Wine Enthusiast 2007-2009 Restaurant Award Winner!
The Beef Bourguinon was melt in your mouth good.
Have a chocolate hazelnut praline souffle. An awesome Sunday brunch too.
Sammy is about the most gracious host imaginable. He won't steer you wrong! Have the chocolate souffle with hazelnut sauce...
The pappardelle with veal stew & thinly shaved foie gras is the perfect (slightly pretentious) pasta. The foie gras subtly makes the whole dish taste the right kind of buttery.
like desert? #semifreddo #gameover
the hip hop playlist is ridiculous....want it??? get it by subscribing to Nicholas Murphy "Werk" playlist! #SoDope
An Italian-American pub burger that'll send juice down your chin and put a smile on your face. Want fries with that? Hell yes.
the full crew dungeon family portrait in the bathroom is a nice touch.
Incredible food...the spicy and over the top dishes are the best...
The new tajarin pasta with truffle is an absolute must get. Pure decadence.
If the duck ragu with foie gras is on the menu, build your meal around that. Guinea hen is lovely - and (sorry) there's foie in that, too.
Focus on the pasta. The meat dishes were solid but not signature.
Wowww. Everything from the champagne to the olive oil is exquisite. All cooked to perfection and combine impeccable flavors. My duck tasted like a steak!
Fazzoletti translates as "handkerchiefs." Perla’s take on this primo piatto, which pairs the hand-cut, feather-light sheets with golden, supple chanterelles and a buttery, garlic chive–flecked sauce,
For dinner, these rich Italian dishes and cocktails to complement are well worth the wait.
The chicken for two is incredible. I know what you're thinking, but damn. Having said that, all the food I great.
Fantastic spot! Cosy but classy & superb service! I was given a glass of bubbles to 'help me settle in' whilst waiting for my friend to arrive! Adorable!
Anything with cheeks. Get the crispy pig ears just for the pork cheek croquette. Same with the 24 hour steak.
The Italian restaurant’s twist on potato chips and P.B. & J. may seem out of place, but “skip the scoffing and order.” Next, try one of their fresh pastas, and be sure to save room for secondi!
Love. Get the branzino w mush side, rock shrimp spaghetti and summer squash ricotta sal
Sit in the front if you can. No AC in the back and it gets hot by the kitchen and wood oven.
Order anything it's a sure bet. Thought the Rock Shrimp Pasta is heaven In a bowl and an absolute must.
Try our favorite pasta of the summer: Michael Toscano's spaghetti with rock shrimp, tomato and basil. Bright with tomatoes, lemon juice and shrimp, it’s everything we want in a bowl of noodles:
Tasting Table reco's Spaghetti with rock shrimp, tomato and basil
Amazing Italian as everyone has said - but my highlight here was the Tombstone Sunday Nights cocktail. Spiced bourbon + pepperoni bitters ftw
In last night's 90 degree heat, I sat at the Chef's table, near the brick oven and loved every minute of it. Tried three different appetizers and three different wines. Excellent dinner.
Try their take on a PB & J sandwich: foie gras, cherry jam, & pistachio. So decadent and pairs well with rose moscato
amazing italian food
The photos above the kitchen are of the owner's and executive chef's parents... Including namesake Perla herself!!!
I am told the 24-hour steak is to die for. Takes 24 hours to cook it. (via @fredwilson)
Crab tagliatelle! So good.
Similar taste to Fedora, which also means similarly excellent. Def order pasta for a middle course. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Potatoes are to die for.
Don't waste your time here when Joe's is next door and significantly better pizza
Four people walk in, three get pizza. Fourth one orders diet coke and gets a free slice.
There was a used maxi pad on the restroom floor and the prices are absurd. Never coming back!
Hmm try it when it's fresh, not bad at all
The pizza was disgusting... even when drunk and hungry... just gross.
My tip: find another pizza place.
Screw Joe's Pizza! This place is better.
I love this place! Their sushi party platters are so worth it! Even worth the 45-minute wait. I also love the ambient setting!
Ate here awhile ago. Food is great and the restaurant is in a convenient location. Eating here again!
We need more kosher places like this. The food is great. Get the caramelized shortribs. You'll thank me later
Food was good. It was not the type of restaurant we expected. On the expensive side. The service was ok.
Kosher sushi restaurant with tasty food. I take my family here often
There's something about a conveyer belt with fresh plates of sushi that takes dining to an entirely new level. That is what i love about sushein! Also, their food is undeniably tasty and fresh.
I love sushein simply because they have excellent dishes and they are very accessible so I can simply drop by whenever I feel like sushi for lunch or dinner!
I'm not usually a fan of Japanese food but I found this place to be very pleasant. I enjoyed the whole conveyer belt setup. I had the barbecue chicken for my main dish but i also enjoyed their sushi.
It's kosher!!! And tastes good too!
Great food & amazing atmosphere!
Never mind. Closed for some legal possession - warranted by the marshal o_O
Rude staff, overpriced but only place in area that sells beer.
absolutely miserable before 1:30pm
If you are a tourist the pizza is to DIE FOR
Much friendlier service than the deli one block up. Bring your business here instead...
Terribly crowded between 11:30-1:30
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Try the mushrooms in the hot food salad bar.
Discount is gone! Boo!
Salad bar discount after 3
Only late night pizza in the 'hood
I enjoyed the steak baguette over the pork. Make it spicy
Number 1 or 8 + Iced Tea - epic combo
Steak baguette is awesome. Straight up flank steak
I have definitely had better.
#1 Special, spicy is usually ready to go
The iced coffee is delish.
Perfectly fine banh mi, though slightly more expensive than you would expect if you're a banh mi fiend. Then again, you're in the Financial District!
The little lady running the cart is a firecracker!
The pork was nasty. Avoid.
The #1 chinese roast pork roll spicy and #7 flank steak spicy are awesome. So are the summer rolls. Get extra spicy peanut sauce too.
My first ever Bahn Mi Sandwich was from this cart...but the location originally was on John Street on the outside of the 160 Water Street Bldg. It is a long wait, but it's good compared to Baoguette (
Food is great BUT IT TAKES FOREVER
Summer rolls are great, but the peanut sauce is too watery. Great price though!
Not actually at te truck, but looking at it from a nearby Starbucks. The people buying seem to be regulars.  Looks like they will be enjoying their food.
Only out at lunchtime, eat from the banh mi truck that hangs out in front of Starbucks at 10 Hanover Square
Call in your order or you'll be waiting 20 min for your sandwich when it's busy.
then eat somewhere else. the vegetarian sandwich was disgusting and the service was bad.
Open 24 hours. Perfect for those nights when your smoke detector starts whining uncontrollably at 4am and you need to buy 9V batteries ASAP.
the best ice coffee from a cart.
$1 strong Colombian coffee. Busy during the morning, the breakfast food looks good and made to order. Beware, the staff is very rude to each.
Great breakfast food but be careful. I you ask for a coffee and dot specify, they will put cream and a lot of sugar in it for you.
Just love the salads. They are so fresh.
Avocado BLT burger.
Salad toss is the best bang for your buck. $6.75 unlimited toppings
they have daily specials during autumn.$4 m-f.
Bahn mi was great! Friendly staff!
I checked in too late for the free taco, but I'll get one next time!  The bahn me was good, but they should have given me some hot sauce!
Short ribs..get em
Usually fb or fsq specials
I ordered the bahn mi. It was bland and the bread was tough. I won't be back.
Rice was not cooked all the way through
Extra friendly & They take cards!!! Woot woot
Check in to four square and get a free taco!
Exceptional service, I'm so impressed with how well I was treated. Definitely stop here.
BAD! Flavorless meat, off the shelf untoasted/warmed tortillas. I took a bite out of each of 3 tacos, none were acceptable. :( (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This Korean fusion food truck is pimped out with a tech team & the food is pretty good, had the bulgogi and chicken taco's as you can tweet for free food (w/ purchase) (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Accepts credit cards
Food pooping @seoulfoodnyc good looks on the taco x@inartmedia
Pretty tasty. Free taco for checking in, nice little snack. Def trying the rest of the menu next time I see it. Odd that no one in the truck is Korean though. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome food. Free taco with check in! Nice people
Free taco for a foursquare checkin or facebook like! Free fries for a tweet, pure awesomeness!
Awesome spicy pork tacos
Free food!!!
Tacos so good with spicy mayo to
check in or Facebook like to get a free taco, follow @SeoulFoodNYC for seoul fries
Fried chicken for ladies who lunch
The venison shank will change your life
Really liked it. Trout was fantastic. Gnocchi outrageously good. Orreta good. Nice surprise. A really good meal. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Delicata Squash as an app: perfectly cooked squash w/ Maitake mushrooms, red onion, bacon, basil all with a creamy poached egg to top it off
Try the steak burger. Boom!
Great place for breakfast; soothing music and good light. Get the turkey sausage on the side if it doesn't come with your meal.
Such a cool space- but the food was ehhh. Way too salty!
Kick things off at this New American resto with the high-minded deconstructed "chowder" of raw clams, cod, and leeks (topped w/ caviar).
. The minimalist dining room of oak tables, chairs and floors is complimented by a warmer, more expressive menu of dishes like fried chicken with pickled watermelon rind and grilled sweetbreads.
Feels like homemade food! delicious. Get Chile Reyenos, Enchiladas de Mole Rojo, and tortilla chips w Guac!
My favorite authentic mexican food. Go for the mole and add extra hot sauce to your michelada!
Enchilada Mole + Pepino Cucumber Margarita - lived up to the hype on the other tips
Margs and shrimp tacos FTW
if they have the lamb shank special, get it.  so tender and yummy with just enough spice to remind you that it's mexican.
Get the shrimp tacos. Always.
Margarita's are outstanding! Start your meal with Frijoles con Totopos! My fav! http://www.itunes.com/officialhank
A standout dish: Mole de Pollo Oaxaqueño, a half-chicken cooked to tender, juicy perfection, swimming in mole sauce and served with a side of tortillas, rice and beans. Be hungry.
Double check your bill.
cucumber margaritas. 'nuff said.
Cucumber shaken margarita
Chicken mole verde and posole are definitely the best I've had in NYC, and the chicken mole verde may be the best I've ever had anywhere. Transcendant sauce. Wow. Prickly pear margarita also excellent
Love this place. ALL the margs are amazing. My fav entree is the house special stuffed poblano pepper.
Top shelf margs and bold Mexican flavors, you guys. -@dadboner
Some of the best and most authentic Mexican food in the city!  Had what is probably the best burrito ever here.
Pepino/cucumber margarita on the rocks is the shiz. Huge glass well worth $9. Yummy guacamole but chips are straight up from a bag. Cojita cheese on the enchiladas makes me happy.
Coffee + flan so good here
The green salsa may just be the best I've ever had.
pepino is the best flavor. anything w cucumber, really.
Limon margarita(s) on the rocks and enchiladas de mole rojo are the perfect way to get your night started! You can thank us later.
This is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city. Complete find!
Order a cucumber water. It tastes like springtime.
Shrimp tacos and watermelon marga for her, negra and enchiladas for me. Yum!
Everything is delicious, but you must try the shrimp or chicken tacos.
shell out the extra few bucks for the mole, it's amazing.
I like the queso de cabra quesadilla, DH likes the mole, we both love the sangria. Best affordable Mexican food in Manhattan!
I know El Sombrero's been the staple spot for these, but you can get flavored margaritas on the rocks or frozen to go!
Go to Cafe el Portal. Awesome Mexican!! Going tonight.
Get the Mango Margarita
Happy Hour Margaritas and tortilla soup.
Best coffee in the LES!
morning coffee for a $1, pretty good deal in these parts
Best effing poppy seed pastry I've had since I was a child!  Review here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/delancey-dessert-company-new-york#hrid:Tm7K5MYIBbdsw-fjryVg2w/src:self
My baby loves the ice cream sandwiches from here :)
Undeniably my best meal ever
Two Michelin stars.
Michelin 2012 ★★
Grub Street off-menu dish: Charcoaled Tempura Leeks With Strained Buttermilk. "People who order the vegetarian tasting are privy to dishes that meat-eaters won't get, like the fried-leek dish."
Charcoaled Tempura Leeks With Strained Buttermilk (Vegetarian Tasting Menu)
The chef’s fondness for wild food is reflected in both the menu and the restaurant’s décor. When asked about the vertical herb garden growing in the dining room, a server once replied, “It’s alive.”
Eater NY recommends the Rock
NYC Foodie Blog: 10 course tasting menu for $150, The place settings, decor, and dishes themselves, all take on an "earthy" quality.  Thought of as a unique dining experience
A must visit for the ultimate gastronaut and even the regular person who appreciates food! Molecular gastronomy at its best!
Matthew Lightner's long-awaited seventeen-seat space has opened in Tribeca. Stay tuned to see if New York embraces this $150 ten-course tasting menu.
inexpensive Thai take out- love their pad thai
The fried ice cream with bananas is to die for
The blue crab fried rice is delicious!
Really great Thai food, just don't expect it to be fast.
The mango sticky rice is a killer. Save room for dessert.
Secret back garden curry time!
Must try the singha beer :) the hitochino is good too
Duck buns are bomb. Flavored and textures are a good mixture
Get sriracha eggplant, basil pork taco, chicken and shrimp dumplings. They are my favourite. Tamarind Fish and Southern style chicken are awesome. A bucket of beers for a reasonable price.
Ask for Jenny. Tell her Farrah sent you.
There is a beautiful dining area in the back behind the secret doorway. Worth dining-in instead of take out!
Back garden book ahead - 212-260-7539
Call for reservations in the secret back room
Good vibes in the garden as dawn turns into night.
Hidden gem. Great service and great food
The back garden is a cute spot for late night Thai!
The thai tacos with coconut chicken are a must try!
Try a chorizo taco. Thank me later.
A must try for anyone gluten free! Almost 75 percent of the menu is marked as gluten free, and it's all delicious.
Ice tea is the best. Very cheap but very good.
Great general tso chicken and good food in general. I recommend trying a lot of dishes. The world is your oyster.
Grandaisy Bakery is an ethical & sustainable bakery participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Cauliflower and zucchini pizza ftw
Not your typical slices: potato slice, mushroom slice. Excellent egg and tuna sandwich.
Potato pizza is the move. Get two slices, you'll be craving the second one later.
Cauliflower pizza yum!!!
Village Voice is excited to have Grandaisy Bakery at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Not a single bad thing to say about this place + it's food.
Calling all bread lovers! Our delicious Panettone, made with rum-soaked raisons, citron and a touch of honey will soon go on vacation. It's a STEAL at the half price of $9! Hurry before its gone!
So amazing!!! Try the zucchini flatbread. It will blow your mind.
Good food but the pomodoro pizza was disappointing.
Don't miss the cauliflower pizza, sooo delicious!
“Pizza Cavolfiore” is to die for.
Go simple and enjoy a slice of pizza Bianca. $1.75, can't beat it.
Focaccia bread is so good!
We went back to Grandaisy Bakery and loved the pecorino pizza blanca -- not quite bread, not quite pizza, but totally delicious!
Uber tasty paninis are 50% off after 5
Concierge Paul says the old world pizzas are what keep the staff at 60 Thompson coming back to Grandaisy again and again.
like thisss...
Bianca bread and illy coffee. Boom.
Funghi pizza is loaded with goodness
Get the panino greco- Pickled purple onion, arugula leaves, ribbons of raw carrot and chickpeas, and skordalia, a Greek spread traditionally made with garlic, almonds, and olive oil, pungent and silky
The fritatta breakfast sandwich here is unmatched in the city
Avoid the bread pudding (lots of putting, not enough bread). Get the beet sandwhich and a slice of potato.
Great bread and pastries. One slice of the banana bread will get you through the day!
CAULIFLOWER PIZZA
went on a walking tour with Calvin Trillin and he introduced me to this place.  Now a favorite, must have the cauliflower pizza
The  excellent bread comes in half loaves too,  if you ask nicely.
The Bianca is the best deal for a unique pizza slice you'll get in the city. Try the Pecorino Bianca as well
Get the zucchini and cauliflower pizza.
Oh my GOODNESS, the ricotta cheesecake. It's delicious and light and summer is coming.
Try ordering a quesadilla! It's on the "secret" menu
Me gusto el concepto de comida mexicana típo fast food.
The vegetarian burrito will end up being half the size as a chicken burrito unless you ask for more filling (beans, rice, etc).  It's really annoying
Good, cheap, quick & easy Mexican. Now they offer brown rice.
I love this place... All i got to say is soft chicken taco with everything and a side of guacamole GET in MY BELLY!!!!!
Try the burritos.
Enjoy your meal then try on one of my Personal Training sessions for size to burn off those calories you just ingested.  www.formshapernyc.com 646-824-5078. Dohn Solis.
Try the new meat, Chorizo!
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
If they aren't putting enough in (for me it's never enough rice) just ask for more.  No one ever says anything and they don't charge you extra.  Get your hot sauces on the side as the temps can vary.
NBC is offering 2-4-1 coupons online
Oh god. That was a bad idea.
The chicken fajita burrito is amazing, but huge!!!
The best burritos!
Come visit my office.
Kind of stingy with fillings. Ask for more. They don't mind.
Skip the chips (500 calories!)
burrito bowls are the best.
Great atmosphere and amazing pasta!
The only negative is they offer you water & charge you for it no matter wether you have gas or no gas!
Very reminiscent of Italy. Great food & atmosphere.
Executive Chef & Co-Owner Shea Gallante is a CIA alumnus.
Sit by the fireplace and don't miss the raviolo in brown butter sauce
The homemade pastas are the specialty here like a raviolo filled with stracchino, parmigiano, and burrata, bathed in a rosemary-brown butter sauce. For dessert try Panna cotta
Kind of corporate but pasta is pretty pleasing. Try the spicy cortecce with baby octopus and pancetta ($24).
Ask about getting half bottles from the wine list, such a great idea
Amazing lunch deal. $20.12 for 3 beautiful and delicious courses!
The upstairs is a nice intimate hideaway in which to enjoy Pappardelle with Duck Bolognese and Giannone Chicken.  A bit on the pricey side of the scale.
Rainbow Beets with Whipped Robiola, Wild Watercress and 12yr-Aged Balsamic
the raviolo.
Need to try the raviolo.
Eater recommends the Raviolo.
Reserve a table in the main dining area, outfitted with a romantic chandelier and a bright fireplace that’s used to warm focacce, ciabatte and pizzas before they’re served.
Have the wine specialist give you recommendations, they're wizards of wine. The bay scallops and siamese ravioli were highlights.
The hostesses is extremely rude and someone may think twice about coming in.
Tasting menu no longer being offered as of December. Get the Veal meatballs. They are amazingly delicious.
A date night? Dim lights, cozy, very intimate...
Bbestestest
The dinner and wine (we did a 4 course tasting menu) were delicious. The Ceretto Barolo "Brunate" 1979 had leathery, earthy tones and a lot of complexity, while being surprisingly light.
Along with their divine pastas, Ciano's duck breast is one of the best I've ever had (and I LOVE duck).  Lovely space to boot.
Get the meatballs no matter what!
A timely tip, as this is a restaurant made for Autumn. Come for the duck bolognese stay for the atmosphere: an open hearth, perfect flatware, communal bottle-splitting of an ever-changing wine list.
Chicken liver crostini. I'm still dreaming about it!
This Italian eatery serves its soft-shell crabs with peekytoe crab stuffing alongside a grapefruit tomato salad ($19) all month.
The veal meatballs are incredible!  As is the chicken for two & everything else on the menu.
Bring your friends to receive a free dessert at this swanky Flatiron restaurant.
Some of the most interesting seasonal dishes are on the $115 tasting menu. Don't worry - you can order all of them a la carte.
The Veal Meatballs should be on everyone's to-do list
The grilled cheese with tomatoes and bacon is to die for.  Nice thick crusty bread.  Yum.
Small space, but never busy. Don't be fooled, this is delicious coffee and a large cup is less than $2.
Salads so good - don't even need dressing
Grilled chix in their Chock Cobb salads is the best anywhere. Chix breast is warm. Salad is crisp. Blue cheese is salty. :)
Bathroom code as of 12/13/12 is 6666
Fantastic food. Great atmosphere. Try the Kataifi for dessert.
Absolutely amazing!
The Greek yogurt bar is a fun novelty, if not a little expensive.
Great food Excellent service
Great food. Definitely try the hummus and shrimp on stix. Great ambience and friendly staff.
Get the best espresso in town at STIX
Get the vegetarian stix and the shishito peppers. Yum!
Just Opened. Taste: The ground lamb sticks are flavored w/ cumin & garlic, but you can mix & match as many sticks as you want, including 24hr marinated pork, chicken, and shrimp w/ orange & olive oil.
The barista at this place was (no joke) a finalist in the Barista World Championship competition. Make sure you test his skills.
Try ordering a quesadilla! It's on the "secret" menu
Me gusto el concepto de comida mexicana típo fast food.
The vegetarian burrito will end up being half the size as a chicken burrito unless you ask for more filling (beans, rice, etc).  It's really annoying
Good, cheap, quick & easy Mexican. Now they offer brown rice.
I love this place... All i got to say is soft chicken taco with everything and a side of guacamole GET in MY BELLY!!!!!
Try the burritos.
Enjoy your meal then try on one of my Personal Training sessions for size to burn off those calories you just ingested.  www.formshapernyc.com 646-824-5078. Dohn Solis.
Try the new meat, Chorizo!
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
If they aren't putting enough in (for me it's never enough rice) just ask for more.  No one ever says anything and they don't charge you extra.  Get your hot sauces on the side as the temps can vary.
NBC is offering 2-4-1 coupons online
Oh god. That was a bad idea.
The chicken fajita burrito is amazing, but huge!!!
The best burritos!
Come visit my office.
Kind of stingy with fillings. Ask for more. They don't mind.
Skip the chips (500 calories!)
burrito bowls are the best.
Wednesday special is chicken stew (mmm soup) Perfect for cold days and tempered tummies.
Green chilaquiles with steak and avocado. Do it
Spicy means SPICY. (This is coming from an Indian w good spice tolerance). Chipotle sauce is the best one.
The guacamole is kinda spicy.  Beware.
Green sauce is hotter than red. Chilaquiles and mole sauce are a must try!
Best cheap breakfast around.
Their guacamole is absolutely delicious!
Best mole hands down!
A steaming cup of arroz con leche on a chilly night.
Potato breakfast burrito!
Try the Enchiladas Suizas - Must take deep breaths between each bite--they weren't kidding about spicy. Slow, lingering burn. Love it (via @Foodspotting)
Try some of NY's most affordable & authentic Mexican fare here. Get enchiladas ($7) or a breakfast burrito ($5). Also try a horchata ($3).
Chicken mole burrito and/or chilaquiles.
Chicken mole burrito. You can't go wrong.
They have upped their menu prices by $1-2.5
The chicken spinach burrito is clutch!
Get an agua fresca. Sandía (watermelon) is a good flavor.
Do you like avocados? You better. This place throws the delicious green stuff all over their nachos.
The picadillo burrito and stake taco are phenominal
Best chicken burrito in the city and it's only $6.50
Chicken mole poblano plate. $8, so delicious, and easily enough food for dinner and lunch the next day!
Get the picadillo burrito and make sure you get it with hot sauce and sour cream. Add some Valentina hot sauce after. It's so big I usually eat one half for dinner and the rest for lunch.
Come and try our lighter side menu!  $5.99 each and all under 400 calories!
Soups are back for the season! Fire roasted veggie is awsome!
The Arizona with Chicken is my favorite. Next best dish is El Mexican. Both under 400 cals!
long wait at this place
get the mmg signature wrap and pay the extra buck for the turkey meatball upgrade - outstanding!
Friday happy hour until 9! $3.99 wraps
Order the Arizona or Rocky Balboa wrap... Good stuff!
Muscle Gaining Secrets provides real proven muscle building information. This system is great for people who have trouble gaining muscle mass. If you have tried all the supplements and spent hours in
Wtf is in the sauce!
The Arizona is amazing!
Peanut butter protein shake. Amazing.
Get the banh mi hot dog and then thank me later.
try the wasabi potato salad...your nose will definitely appreciate it.
The dog with pork belly is fantastic. But definitely grab some of the sriracha from the counter, and pile it on. The kimchee dog is also super.
Definitely get the wingding. Amazing pork belly.
I know it's a hotdog place, but the Korean BBQ burger is the best burger I've ever had!!!
The perfect marriage of American & Asian fast food cuisine – the Dog are all delicious and amazing, but you can’t go wrong with the Wanding or the Vinh.
Awesomely creative hot dogs and the only veggie dogs worth going out of your way to try.
Try the Ito Hot Dog - Apple kimchi was very interesting  (via @Foodspotting)
best veggie dogs ever. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The Ginny is my favorite! But add jalapeños and extra sriracha sauce! Make it spicy!!!
Zagat reco'd the Organic Vinh dog...
Try the Ginny Hot Dog - Who ever think it? Hotdog tasted great with kimchi and seaweed toppings! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hot Dog With Mash - Delicious mash hot dog!  (via @Foodspotting)
The Vinh is amaaazing. Don't hold back on the sriracha either.
The lunch specials are great: 2 dogs plus a side for $10, including the grass fed, nitrate free organic beef option!
Delicious hot dogs - choose chicken beef or veg - w/ fusion toppings like Thai mango salsa with peanuts or jalapeño mustard and potato chips. 7 seats or take out/delivery. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Truly delicious. Asian slaw on dog and side of Wasabi mashed potatoes - da bomb
Only 3 tables. Hot dogs better than the sandwiches. Highly recommend the mash.
Get the Vinh style on a veggie dog! Supreme happiness :)
If you love hot dogs, this is the place. Tried all of them with friends. Exotic and really good.  Yam fries great. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Mel is awesome
Try everything once, but for those who want to stick to tradition go with the mash
the mash is awesome
Kimchi Pancake Corndog is tits
Asiadog now DELIVERS! and has BEER!
Try the "Wangding" ($4.50). "Topping a hot dog with more meat may sound like overkill, but opting for the BBQ pork belly, cucumber and scallion only makes the frank better."
The Mash is magnificent!
Food bloggers M+Y of Lunch Studio recommend Asia Dog, which features hot dogs & Asian ingredients. You can opt for Vietnamese banh mi-style, Korean BBQ-style, Japanese curry or any myriad of toppings.
Vinh Dogs are the best!
Kimchee pancake batter corn dog?
don't get the squid.chicken fried rice is really good.
Hey, had some really good eats at the bar. $5/plate of Pasta and a Crostini dish for $3.. Dyuring Happy Hour it is a score. (Mon-Fri 4-7PM)
If you're lucky, you can hang out and be seen with the Blue State Digital folks who work next door but frequent Aleo for their awesome happy hour.
I get a special ordered Fra Diavolo gnocchi with spicy Italian sausage, with the house pinot noir, and sit at the cozy bar...the bartenders are always nice there especially Gvantsa.
Small bar, but decent happy hour deals with a good atmosphere
Super cute place and really diverse menu. Great bar to just watch ESPN and grab a bite.
Perfect place to bring a date. Ask for the antipasta plate at the bar if you want snacks.
Green Tea cake! Can't go wrong :)
The Pineapple Buns are super delicious and only 90¢. Also check out the cooler which has delicious treats like strawberry jam rolls, mousse, and sponge cake! Yum!
Curry beef bun or roast pork bun + chrysanthemum tea.
Cream bun for $1---can't beat the prices and everything is delicious!
some of the fluffiest egg custards i've come by
Spacious, with seating and wide assortment.
best mango sweet rice ball
a place that knows how to make a good balance between milk and tea! Get the milk tea w/ sugar!
Coconut bun and Tea wid miLk! $2 donE!
Why am I not surprised I was greeted by a bunch of rude staff in this Chinatown Chinese bakery...
Pork. Buns.
Their iced green tea with milk is really good, I think they use sencha green tea.
Finally got an A grade!
The scallion hot dog bun rules!
Delicious Chinese bakery at great prices.I like the pineapple buns and custard buns. They make awesome custom birthday fruit cakes, too!
Their bun don't taste that good and they only got a C grade
You can't go wrong with their pineapple with butter buns.
Their hotdog buns always make for a good snack
Sip on a lychee juice box
the walnut cheesecake is delish
Go early in the day when everything is fresh and pick up a pineapple bun with custard. Yum!
try the shanghai sticky rice! a fried donut covered in shaved pork and pickles and then wrapped in rice.
there's promise but a lot of kinks to work out. place was a little dirty, then Greg had to mix coffees cause there weren't 2 of the same kind and there was no spoon for the foam...
The former Paris Sandwich now offers tasty pho and not-too-sweet stir fried dishes.
They don't have the combo anymore :(
Whatever sandwich you get, pair it up with a Green Tea Waffle
bbq pork, spicy, with no mayo. watch the baguette cutter machine in awe, then grab your sandwich and check that they really didn't put mayo.
The right size sandwich for lunch
Wow.  Such a tasty sandwich. Def coming back...
Though a sandwich shop, you MUST try the grilled chicken over rice. Crazy satisfying.
The $5.50 combo includes a smaller baguette sandwich, a delicious and unique green tea waffle and a tea or coffee on the side. Great deal and the bread is made fresh on site!
#13 is not displayed, but it's the shredded pork sandwich! Yummy!!!
Vegetarian chicken sandwich!
When you get tired of the twee $8 gourmet bánh mi further uptown, have the real thing here. #1, hot. $4.25.
Try the BBQ pork baguette. Authentic vietnamese!!!
I love the sandwiches here...grilled ppork is my favorite.  The bread is fresh and perfectly crispy. Also, try the green tea waffles w/ peanut butter.
Get a #1 (Paris Sandwich) and make sure you ask for the hots.
For the vegetarians out there, try the #4, "chicken" flavored veggie banh mi.  Mmm...Mmm...!!!
Go for the #5 sandwich. What a steal at $4!
If you are one of the weirdo elite lovers of the durian fruit, don't miss your chance to order a freaking DURIAN SMOOTHIE here. If you don't know durian, DON'T GET  THIS; you have been warned.
Bomb grilled chicken viet sandwich, only $4.. need I say more?  My friend had the roast beef - it's not a real Viet sandwich.
Eat the chicken sandwich here (SPICY when they ask), it rocks and is four bucks, cannot be beat!  Also, the green tea waffles and Vietnamese coffee are elite!  I lived next door and was there daily,#1
My go-to congee place in Chinatown.
i like chinese food , very good
i like chinese food , very good
The chicken is fantastic as well as the milk dessert.
Bubble tea was like water. Tapioca pearls undercooked. Food is sub-par for the price.
Happy hour until 7pm every day! Amazing.
Update: HH items are now $3.50, still worth it.
Be careful! There was a hair on the shumai
Don't mention the paranormal activity in the men's toilet, it freaks the staff out and if the point is pushed some will quit
Great veggie gyoza.  Loved the green tea ice cream, too!
Try the happy hour from 3.30-7
For all you Jin enthusiasts, happy hour has increased to $3.50. First price increase since 2009.
The wait staff here is utterly rude!!!
Great $3 happy hour. Everything on the menu is 3 bucks!
This place is great. The sushi is so good and its so well prices. The lunch special and 3$ happy hour are great but even their regular menu is reasonable. 21 piece sashimi platter for 22$
Sushi happy hour from 3:30-7 $3 everything
The WORST service but great sushi
Nice Japanese food. Very solid if not spectacular.  Good nebayaki udon and dynamite appetizer (flawless!). Did not have sushi. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I go here religiously for $3 drinks and sushi--you can usually catch me there anytime between 5:30-8 with @phaon
The food was good but I didn't appreciate being charged for Ponzu sauce.  The service was okay but felt ripped off by the additional charge.
Great place for lunch or dinner. Happy hour mon-fri for $3 sushi and many kitchen favs and appetizers. Eel avocado roll, avocado salad, and seaweed salad are a must!
Miso eggplant, hamachi kama (grilled fish), and the lychee sake-tinis are some of the tasty things to have.
Slow service, but you can't beat $3 happy hour drinks & food. Really decent menu.
The volcano roll is to die for!!! Thru also have a great happy hour-$8 pitchers and delish lycheetini!
$3 happy hour menu is pretty solid.
$3 rolls for happy hour- come on people, it's not science...
happy hour 12-7 on sat/sun. $3 rolls and drinks.
try the tuna amazing roll, it's heavenly
happy hour is from 3:30-7 and select menu items (including sake and sushi) are only $3
order a sake mojito. It's great.
City views are amazing
The NY Strip is simply the best room service meal I've ever eaten. It rivals some of the better stake houses in New York. Skip the spinach and go for the kale salad.
Great lounge on the 2nd floor.
One of the greatest boutique hotels! Walking distance to some of the finest restaurants SoHo has to offer. See a great live show at one of the concert venues nearby like the Bowery Ballroom.
Made my business trip to NYC extra amazing... Order the tuna tartare... Kicked ass
Rooms are small but not shoebox small.   Needs better lighting in rooms. People are very friendly and helpful.
Very nice,clean hotel with pleasant staff and service.If you looking for hotel for good price in the heart of NYC you are here right.
Awesome patio bar when the weather is nice.
The Grand Margharitas are a must-try
Check in is on the L level, concierge is at the entrance. Check in up the stairs!
If you're in the lower section of SoHo, head to the Grand. Walk up the stairs in the lobby, and head towards the back right side of the building. Very fine facilities indeed.
Such a fantastic best dog-friendly hotel. Your pet is as welcome as you are!
If you're at the Soho Grand between May 11-22 between 1-8 PM, stop by the Project Face pop up gallery for 365 days of amazing faces all shot on an iPhone by the artist, Rina Dweck.
Make your tastebuds sing. Try out a BULLDOG and tonic with a splash of cranberry.
Fabulous hotel, Great lounge on 2nd floor! Fabulous all around!
The service is incredible (we love the “One-Touch” buttons in-room), and the location is perfect if trendy gallery-hopping, shopping, and nightlife are your things (as they are ours!).
Check out the brunch menu in the restaurant on the second floor. They have a great full English breakfast.
This place used to be fab. But they changed the DJ. Straight up hip hop all night? It's not 2005, mate - and your crowd isn't that kinda crowd. I used to be a regular but I'm afraid I'm no more.
El 26 de Marzo estoy alojandome en este Hotel espero que cubra mis expectativas
Great service. We loved our rooms ;). The company paid for everything but we'll be back in May. Charlie and Mandy ty for everything
New wifi password: fashionweek
Amazing service and décor, luxurious rooms, and a chic full-service lounge and restaurant. We love the Soho Grand Hotel!
One of the best mac and cheeses in NYC
Very friendly staff, outstanding location, decent rooms. I would stay here again
For Complimentary &/or Reduced Admission, VIP, Guest List, VIP & table reservations, call/text 917.653.0768, or visit www.crisac.com/acl.asp for full line-up of our events in NYC & Las Vegas.
Most powerful toilet flush in the WORLD.
The Penthouse is nice.
Nice, clean bathrooms.
spotted Alan Rickman and rode the elevator with him!!
Excellent hôtel bien situé dans Soho !
Tip: Stay away! Horrible, overpriced coffee. Also I ordered a pecan Danish and it was made with walnuts.  It's not that big of a deal, but it was annoying after paying so much for it.
The nicest most helpful employees ever! I had the chkn Kebobs + I didn't want the rice + bread, asked for veggies on the side & the guy was worried I would be hungry and added extra veg good food too!
I had the small veggie panini. 12 dollars. Pricey. FUCK THIs PLace!
You must eat the Cheescake! Wonderful to sit outside on the bench and watch the people of Soho. Bit expensive, though.
Good place to grab a breakfast sandwich in the morning on the way into the office.
Cappuccinos are surprisingly delicious
Try the Greek salad! The stuffed grape leaves in it are awesome.....but the olives are pitted. Bwa bwa
This pizza is terrible, and overpriced.
A café that plays club music?
The chicken caesar salad is good
Expensive.....smoothies are terrible!
So expensive! A soggy salad, wrap and french fries $20 !
Pizza is great. Really
Meh
Extremely expensive!!! 2 drinks, a panini, and a burger was $30???!!! Come on! It wasn't worth it, go to Wendy's instead
Nice place
At $4.50/slice, this place is expensive for mediocre pizza. One pro: they do have restrooms you can use as long as you buy something.
This place sucks!!
Coffee sucks
Try the Spaghetti "Chitarra" Alla Carbonara (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pepperoncini Mozzarella (via @Foodspotting)
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Only American snus - needs general
Took a little meeting here & found it very quiet & friendly.  Bathrooms = super clean!
Mutual members get a 2 for 1 coffee specials, free pastry with purchase of coffee, free espresso shot, and free water with purchase of sandwich. Great place to get work done as well!
First time here w/a friend & they were serving up free coffee & pastries as a promotion.  Love it already.
I can recommend the snickerdoodle coffee!
Great coffice for screenwriters and filmmakers!
Adam is great to work with. Thanks for the African American Women In Cinema workshops today.
This place is great and the people are Amazing!
Free latte if u sign up for the mailing list
JayRaymond.Net
The best cappuccino in the area - ask for it dry!
Showbiz special, bagel and coffee for  $2.50
I got pregnant here.            Twice!!
Get a coffee and sit next to a stranger, ask them if they are in the biz.
The pretzel croissant never gets old.
Your Mayor says thank you to everyone who was here on Saturday to welcome me.  It was moving
Hot chocolate. With a marshmallow.
what better placemat than city bakery’s famous february calendar. each day features a new novelty flavor (“ode to the polar hot chocolate,” anyone?).
Try the cookies.  The best ever
Yummy can't stop going here
Cookies just as delicious as the original Flatiron location.
So is the bacalao (codfish)!
Chicken empanadas are fricking awesome!!
Cheap, good, and fast. Try their steamed pork dumplings, sizzling fried rice, and crab rangoon.
Delicious dumplings but not the best service. You get what you pay for.
Food and prices are worth the rude, downright surly service.
Tasty dumplings for lunch!
Pretty standard dumplings...scallion pancake was a bit greasy
Dumplings really are excellent, but be prepared to sit at communal tables and its cash only
Get the scallion pancakes!!
Although this place only accepts cash, it is by far one of the best Chinese restaurants I have ever been to.
I love this Place.  Sit at the back round table.  No waiting!
Shumai with edamame is the beat thing here the wantan soup is really good to
This place rocks.
Best dumplings in nyc!!
Shanghai steam mini dumplings is a must. Their korean BBQ and pork chop is good too!
Get the Pork Bun, Chicken Dumplings, Scallion Pancake, egg drop soup, or sweet and sour soup! All so good!!!
Best dumplings in NYC! Excellent lives up to it's name.
Don't order the lunch special. You get more soup if you order seperate :)
Quick service. Delicious vegetarian options. Cheap. Good.
Take some on the go.
Fast service, plenty of hot tea, mostly oily grub & cash only.  Do yourself a favor & stick with the steamed buns. Those are "excellent". - MichelleC.tv
Lo mein and fried dumplings much greasier than I remember from past visits but the hot and sour soup hit the spot
Try the vegetable dumplings with the pan fried noodles.
The Dumpling fried WoW.
the dumplings are excellent
Great fried pork dumplings and the spicy beef stew noodle soup is cheap, huge and tasty
Best Chinese food. Scallion pancakes are amazing!
Veggie dumplings are to die for, service is quick
They are quick to rush you in & quick to rush you out! They don't serve water with your meal, if you want water you have to pay for bottled water. Food was okay but service not so good.
Order the spinach dumpling soup, off the menu. Delicious dumplings and fresh juicy bok choi in yummy broth for only $5!
Cheap, fast and yummy. The spicy and hot soup is amazing: perfect spicy (3.5/5) and huge pieces of tofu ( and for 1.75 you can figure out the size )
A favorite lunch takeout spot. Try the sizzling Thai fried rice.
Salsasaa!! Dancing shoes on!
Great food, terrible service, giant wall sombrero.
Their mexican street food menu is delicious, cheap, and prepared quickly. I'm personally hooked on the chilangos. But they've expanded their menu to full courses again, and we're all sooo happy!
$5 flavored margaritas til 8pm! Not to mention that the food is AMAZING!
After going to the movies, this is a great next-door spot. Rock the Guac
Best $5 margarita in town!!! More than worth it
Don't come for the chips
Cool bartender. Strong margaritas. Delicious Huaraches. Nuff said...
Dance with some salsa, merengue and bachata. If that's your thing the 5 dollar cover is nothing and of course you need a margarita pitcher!!! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I love their Shrimp nachos. One of the best in the city
They're back! Cool atmosphere of you want to be within the Latino scene around NYU. Bartenders are cool (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't be intimidated by the dungeon pathway you have to walk to get to the bathroom. It's safe. ... at least I think so.
The. Place. Is. Open. Again!! FINALLY!! :D
Grand re-opening very soon...
Wow, cannot believe they closed?!?!
I can't belive this place shut down last night... What an amazing fun house it was! Thanks for the memories!
Not the best but what do you expect it's tex mex people! Regardless this place had been good times. Chipotle to replace? Barf!
Thank goodness this shithole of an excuse for Mexican food is finally calling it quits. Fingers crossed something worthwhile fills its place.
$5 margaritas during 12-7 happy hour - def must have
Amazing Salsa dip for chips. I would bottle and buy a can if possible!
This place will be missed try the mojitos they are delicious!
Make sure u try the food it's amazing!!
The guacamole is excellent and the drinks are made just right
Try the nachos with guacamole. Delishh!!
We'll miss you G&G! Thanks for the good times. I promise, I won't eat at the Chipotle they're building in your place for at least 2 weeks after it opens in protest. #effthat
Great margaritas
The best free margarita in NY!
Salsa dancin
The fajitas are awesome
This place is awesome! Best service and atmosphere.
Tastes cheap.
Banana cream is the best! Small coffee is a $1.
Really underwhelmed by the cupcakes
Sometimes after a workout the minis are the best treat just the right size to kill the sweet tooth but not enough to kill the diet!
Get a $2.50 medium red velvet cupcake, it's very deliciousssss :)
Mini-cupcakes $1.50 try red velvet and tell Adam hi
The little cupcakes are $1.50 in the morning but sometimes $1 in the evening....
$1 mini cupcakes are really good. Try the Oreo cupcake!
Baked eggs with grits and broccoli rave is perfect brunch. And don't forget to order the biscuits!
Every Monday it's $15 for a burger and glass of wine (or craft beer) at the bar. Great burger, and booze selection is top-notch.
We tried a variety of dishes and all were amazing! Try the shrimp and grits and chicken
Sam is great. The atmosphere is divine.
Bite size ham biscuits with molasses jam
If you're in brunch mode, try the porchetta hash!
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Monument Lane
Go HAM on the Ham Biscuits
Chefs salad & fish cakes for brunch
Kingsbridge!
Mix it up a bit. Try out a BULLDOG and tonic and let that adventurous spirit roam free.
The chickpeas are awesome & Tito's vodka is both smooth & gluten free.
OMG! The best drink ever! Order a Will's peach manhattan.
Discovered  my new favorite neighborhood resto last night- Monument Lane. Shrimp stuffed mushrooms will Melt in your mouth. The lamb app is fall apart tender and good!
Best quiche I've ever eaten
Leave your tips in book not 4sq
The mini ham biscuits are really good as a starter
The entire menu and wine list are about to drastically improve.
Adorable setting. Love the service here. The Lobster roll is great. Crunchy bun, nice texture. Harvest Salad comes a close second for health on a plate
Grab a seat by the window at brunch. The chive egg scramble with pulled pork and baked beans was unbelievable.
Over priced and the food is ok, not as amzing as i was expecting :/
Step off the busy streets and into a laid back atmosphere. Within seconds you’ll be seated and devouring a whole-wheat pretzel with melted Gouda – it’s delicious.
This place rocks some serious tunes.
Lobster roll was just upgraded from an appetizer to an entrée. More meat and a side of fries - give it a go!
The food is not good
You pretty much can't go wrong here. Open til 1 or 2. Imperial IPA. Hot buttered radishes!!
Try the burger. The taste is life changing!
The chicken two ways is ridiculous
the lobster roll is divine
Get. The. Pot. Pie!
The fresh turkey is always good.
Delicious!!! The food and shakes are so tasty and the customer service is top notch. My favorites are the #13 and the Almond Greens shake yum!!! :)
Nice recent remodel!  But the food is always what matters -- I get the #2.  People are great too.
The best miso soup in nyc! The sweetest owners AND from someone who lost a lot of weight, GUILT free eating!!!
The Korean man who owns this place is SO sweet and adorable. He sometimes will give you free cookies =).
Who knew a paper plate overflowing with brown rice, steamed veggies and dumplings could taste so good? Must have crack in it, because I'm addicted. Ask for a spoonful of Kim chi on top. Yummmm
It's all about the vegetarian dumplings and the homemade cookies.
Peanut. butter. smoothies.
The best veggie dumplings in town. I've been going here well over 13yrs and never disappointed. Clean,healthy and tasty food. The pear ginger bar is a nice treat. CLai Fitness
How can you not love a lunch called Combination Fantasy?
Go for #6 - the Combination Fantasy. It's a paper plate overflowing with pure delight.
Number 18 is the best!
Banana flip...bonus time!
Addicted to dumplings and steamed vegetable.  The sauce on the side(not soy) is delicious.  Ignore the deceptive name and decor, the food is delicious (and healthy).
Get the combination fantasy.
HatedIt! pizza @ Andy's Deli: Don't like it,
NoshedIt! Pav bhaji @Andy's Deli: Test
vadapav@Andy's Deli - Ate It: Not much impressive
vadapav@Andy's Deli - Noshed It: Love it
vadapav@Andy's Deli - Noshed It: Really like it
The salads r expensive with sides, came out to $10 for a salad, and dont ask for salt and pepper they make it taste like sea water
The cordon bleu on a sub tastes like seafoos. idk if yoj like yours like that.. i dont.
get anything on the left when you enter and get it on 	bagel. It makes for a new sandwich everytime and bagels with anything is good.
Better salads than Amish market. And you can ask them to chop it.
Go here instead of Amish for a custom salad. Less of an ingredient selection, but much cheaper.
On ur bagels/toast they had waaaaay too much butter/jellly/cream cheese. Watch them like a hawk if you don't want too much
They have the biggest rainbow cookies, practically rainbow cakes.
They have the biggest rainbow cookies, practically rainbow cakes.
They have the biggest rainbow cookies, practically rainbow cakes.
They have the biggest rainbow cookies, practically rainbow cakes.
Lunch-time platters $7.99 for delicious entree and 2 sides.
Nigori unfiltered is a must.
Spicy Yellowtail is awesome!
Order the lamb over rice with the sauces. Good stuff.
$1 oysters everyday before 7. Brazilian samba on wednesday nights gets hot
The free popcorn is delish.
The food was good but not as good as Fat Radish cross the street. mussel pot pie was pretty amazing (and I don't love mussels). Spicy Pineapple cocktail was awesome! Great scene & music.
Great DJ on Sat night.  Crowded, but really fun vibe. Hidden gem
Attentive bartenders :) try the Grapefruit Bitter Sweet (if you like Aperol) or the Brazilian (mmm Leblon).
It's all about ginger for me~~ ask for fresh ginger in your drink. Yummy!!
Food is focused on oysters. There are some snazzy bar bites such as beet tarte tatin and Maine-mussels pot pie. Plenty of quaffable cocktails including gin-based Basil Brush & rum in a Coke bottle
Good oysters but come early or they run out! The tartare was good if not a bit salty because of a heavy hand with the capers. The salad was the best dish by far with lots of interesting vegetables
So great seeing everyone who stopped by this weekend, just want to let everyone know that we're going to be closed Mondays (at least for the time being)
Opening Night! Come on by
Oysters, seafood and cocktails from the Fat Radish team!
Combine a classic American Thanksgiving meal with everything you love from Italian cuisine. Opt for the Papparfelle pasta w/ a ragout of turkey, chicken and duck Bolognese for the main course.
I like this outdoor space. On a beautiful evening. Food is great. Drinks too
Great outdoor space and service! Food and drinks too.
the chocolate cake is TO DIE FOR. and, it was perfect to split with my dad, do you don't feel too guilty after eating it.
Lunch/Brunch food is great -- atmosphere is chill.
The Hostess Is  A Complete Bitch Only To Complete Anus Holes Like Andy T!!! The Place Is Great & The Staff Is Wonderful & that includes The Hostess  : )
The robiola pizza is awesome! White truffle oil goodness!
Btw, the special doesn't work
Got the burrata caprese and thought some bread would be be nice. But they brought us banana bread. Mozzarella, tomatoes, basil... Banana bread. No wonder the server looked at me like a freak.
The pitcher of sangria is not a two person job...
Pizza was the best one i've eaten so far! Also good sercice! Thumbs up
The waiter Zachary B is great and double great on the eyes.
On such a hot day like today, get the sorbetti!!
They make my favorite cocktail and they make it well - try the elderflower cocktail and relaxxxxxxxx
New York City Restaurants are springing for alfresco dining this summer http://exm.nr/KNRb1R
Love the patio atmosphere. Lunch is semi privy, but whatcha expect? Had the pasta with all three meats and added mussels...best thing ever!
BULLDOG Gin's London Lady cocktail is fit for a queen - or for the lady of the hour.
The hostess was in fact quite nice.. don't believe the hype
Good pizza, but difficicult to cut with the dull knives.
Do not come here, the host with very rude. There was 10 open tables and he had the nerve to tell us to get up. There was no one at the front to greet us, so we sat down.
Food is ok.....service blows!!!
Great for a pre-dinner Martini or a late night tipple.
Don't get the veal chop; somewhat underwhelming. Can't go wrong with the pizzas and the cheese and charcuterie plates to start.
Don't eat here. Whatever I just ate, did not agree with me at all. 
The Houndstooth drink is both bizarre and amazing.  Habanero tequila with grapefruit and lime juice.  More aroma with the pepper than heat, the juices balance it out. I will be making this at home.
Unwrapping more holiday deals: New York City Restaurants serving a second helping. http://exm.nr/ryng1B
Alex makes the best coffee
Great brunch and comfortable environment. Check it out.  Try the Baked Eggs.
I just got carded! LOL
Swanky! 17 bucks for some type of whiskey drank. I never!
Black milk tea with bubbles. Best in NY
Mohammed and his cart have been here for over 20 years and you will see why. The best lamb gyros, salads and falafel in the area. Get xtra white &  HOT Egyptian sauce if u r feeling brave. The best!
Decent street food...and random Boom Box music blaring. (Whatever happened to "the owner of a lonely heart" anyway?)
The staff is super friendly.  Go for the spicy spicy noodle soups.
Love the $3.75 lunch special from 11am-5pm... Rice or noodles comes with a soup!
Savory dishes here are just okay, but the shaved ice dessert is the best in Chinatown!
Good beer and 10cent wings. The service is great!!
get here early on sunday for a good spot
Best wings around. Come in Thursday to see Crystal!
Its all about the wings. But watch ur intake u may wind up wing drunk.
great wings, extra spicy, but make sure to ask for well done
Wings are DEFINITELY better than the boneless
Monday-Thursday for 10¢ wings! Thursdays are boneless!
Make sure u keep an eye out on the hostess she's fucktarded when it comes to seating ppl
10 cent wings on weds. Boneless wings on thurs. What else do you need to know?
Try the pumpkin ale with a rim of cinnamon sugar when it's in season.
Service is shitty but it's dirt cheap.
Wednesday Wing night --- lots of beer choices but always jam packed
Interesting shaped boneless 'wings'
Hay dias que hay oferta de alitas a 10céntimos. Para reventar! Es una locura!! Y muy tranquilo :) nice place for less money
Voted one of the best beer bars in the East Village!
Voted some of the best wings in Manhattan!
10 cent wings on certain days!
And the Kasteel Rouge Belgium beer
The honey BBQ wings are awesome with cheese fries.
Lovely sports bar to enjoy some 10 cents wings specials...
10 cent wings.
I should have taken a photograph of the wings.  They were twenty cents a pop, but they looked like they owed money to the Mob.  Beaten up, dry, and bad.  $4 Mimosas to compensate.
Come in Monday - Wednesday for 10¢ wings. They're inexpensive and amazingly delicious!
If you're looking for a huge variety of beers, look no further!
$5- Bushmills & Bushmills Honey,COMPLIMENTARY CORNED BEEF & CABBAGE BUFFET Starting at 3PM, 20¢ Wings until 5pm
Awesome beer selections, Too many to choose from!
Ever I'n town text me or call ok hook u up with a great 2hour massage ok ur buddy Steve I'n Vegas......
Chantelle is the best!
Over 30 tap beer. Over 100 bottle beer. Usual selection of spirits. Jamison, j12,18 and black!  Very homey and comfortable. Bartender Daniele is nice and sweet!
Wings- yes!! Guinness-blows.
$18.51 for a Thai chicken salad and iced tea.  The food doesn't merit those prices.  But TriBeCa takeout lunch options are few.
Free wifi (Tribeca)
Previously Columbine
The E's Big Salad NEVER disappoints. It does get my desk messy when I eat it work.
The Malibu Veg sandwich is amazing & perfect for #MeatlessMondays. Their special sandwiches are also great & are listed daily on their website. And their caramel pecan bar? To die for.
great food... but $14 salad was a big mistake.
The Malibu veggie is scrumptious...
A lot of good looking women buy sandwiches here.
Best lunch spot in Tribeca. Great soups and everything is made fresh daily.
Pricey but worth it. Stick to the specials.
Try the Malibu veggie sandwich, or any of the soups.
The best soup in lower manhattan.
Bring cash...
Great food but way too expensive to be my regular spot.
Always get the lonestar chicken soup. Always
Follow them on @columbinenyc to get tweets of the daily sandwich special.
My favorite sandwich shop in TriBeCa. Fresh ingredients. Yum. Love the meatloaf special sandwich.
But come too late and some sandwiches will run out...
Long lunch lines...come earlier or later.
The new Columbine. Same excellent sandwiches and tasty soups, next door and with a new name.
Tuscan Veg sandwich + soup = amazing
Mom's Chicken Noodle--the closest anybody's come to my grandma's.
Ginger spice cookies are perfectly moist with great texture. Worth every penny.
Good for veggies
this is the quintessential neighborhood spot - comfort food, personality, and great coffee
Ridiculously good sandwiches and soups at lunchtime.
Now I know how hard it is for Gail, Padma and Tom to decide. It was a complete toss up between Paul and Tiffany. Either menu is a winner.
Bread Pudding is amazing!
They would not put pepperoni on a cheeses slice because "they don't do that". Just another pizza joint in New York trying to be special.
Most overpriced pizza I've seen in NYC, and it's not that good.  Oddly the Ray's by NYU is good.
As a native upstater blue cheese is essential for pizza, they have the right kind of shit. And thin crust crunchy pizza. They have my heart now.
Forget this place. During Hurricane Sandy, their gas ovens worked, and they charged more money to starving patrons! #GREEDY
Good pizza! Its a tad on the generic side though. Try it out!
Great zitti pizza! But the napkins smell weird....
Pizza is much better than expected. Big slices, just not cheap.
Don't expect any friendliness!!!! The pizza is good though.
Great slices. And always a treat after a few drinks at all the bars around it.
Real great pizza! Especially when you had some beers ;)
They are lucky 4sq censors comments
Saw the cashier cramming a tissue in her nose. Last time I'm coming here....
Over priced pizza
Awesome slice
There's a lot of negative comments here, but I think the pizza is great.
Pizza sucks. Only come here if you really must, but there is better pizza down on Stanton at Rosarios.
Try the queso
Overpriced :/
Stay away! Truly mediocre, and they won't even give cups of tap water.
Are you drunk? Do you want some pizza? This'll do, pig. This'll do.
one of the best drunk slices but I wouldn't eat here otherwise. sorry, Ray!
Best pizza
Late night munchies in the Les... always  seems to be open
Pizza is generic. But it's open until 5:00am or 6:00am I believe. Perfect for those drunken late night munchies in the LES.
Don't pee upwind
Bacon & Pepperoni slices are great
Just say no.
Famous Original Ray's? No just Original Ray's!
Crappy pizza.
Wings and fried rock!
Some good chicken wings and I love the lady, cause she screams like crazy.
Super affordable, solid Chinese takeout. And the woman in front has hella lungs!! Like the old lady in Kung Fu hustle, but not old ;)
Deli coffee at its finest: first they add the sugar, then the milk (steamed!), then the coffee. $1.50 for a large cup of sweet, creamy deliciousness.
The pickles are awesome!
I go here all the time it's 24  hours which gives it a plus
Love the lobster mac!
Lobster Mac!!
... da hora
Good luck see you soon!
Breakfast for under $1. Sponge cupcakes and dried pork buns are my favorites
love the cartoon cakes
Hot dog buns are only a dollar here!
Get the cheese, ham, and egg croissant ($2). Perfect in-between snack.
Try the lasagna or anything with bolognese!
I had the gnocchi with bolengese and it was sensational! I recommend this place as a cute date night/byob night with friends!
Best gnoochi
The manicotti is to DIE for. I love this cute little place.
make sure you take your shoes off, babe!
Puff Sandwiches
Good coffee and a friendly owner at this out of the way shop.  I've not tried the muffins but they look tempting.
Oatmeal cookies are really good.
Try the Black Sesame Cream Puff - Mmmm black sesame cream filled in a flaky puff. NOM NOM NOM! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the black sesame choux crème. Think delicious light puff pastry with black sesame custard.
Yvette is the most amazing business owner. Not to mention baker! I will continue to give my business to this establishment. And THE BEST choc chip cookies in THE world! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
If you have not tried their choc chip cookies... I am telling you-- coming from a choc chip cookie connoisseur-- THE best! HANDS DOWN! Melt in your mouth sugary-sandy goodness that tastes like sex!
Chocolate banana cream puff. Eat it. But only after an oatmeal cranberry chocolate chip cookie. Too much dessert, you say? Blasphemy.
So friendly and cozy you will never want to leave.
Black sesame cream puffs!
The oatmeal, cranberry, chocolate chip cookies are amazing!
Beautiful street art show cased at this café.
Best chocolate banana puffs in the world :)
Banana vanilla cream puff is a must try!!
The cupcakes in NYC!!!! And the cream puffs are beyond good...can't wait to go back, my mouth is watering as I write!
The banana chocolate muffin is amazing
Get the Chocolate Banana Cream Puff.
WOAH. Cola-braised pulled pork taco was amazing.
Closed on Mondays 
Best tacos in NYC. Goat, chorizo & potato, and chipotle chicken are musts. Come often and order a lot so they can  start a standalone space and you can enjoy these delicious things with margaritas.
Blue Bottle Coffee and tasty veg friendly options. The guys behind the counter always make you feel welcome even when they're swamped! Grab dessert at Tra La La or Roni Sue's.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Taco!
Some of the best tacos in NYC
Everything I had here was pretty amazing. Guaco taco, braised pork, and the GOAT - you can't go wrong. One of the best tacos I've tasted in NY.
They serve blue bottle coffee!
To Tanya V, super nice. Give it another shot.
Brisket taco is stupid. Do not miss out on the green habanero sauce or you'll be sorry...
accepts cc and 3-4 bar stools to eat. good for take out!
Rude as hell. Not getting my business
Chilorio brisket taco is amazing-so tender and tasty!!
Wow this place is like soooo Brooklyn!
We are proud of our tacos!
this place opened in September 2011 and they are doing really well. The owner is very nice, knows his stuff well. You feel like coffee is his thing. This place suits very well for Sunday detox!
Brisket taco is insane!
Essex St. Market for lunch Tues-Saturday; Chilorio brisket tacos all the way w. a Jarrito to wash it down.
The Blue Bottle hand drip coffee is delicious. try the el yucateco chile habanero sauce for a  vinegary spice kick
Try the Chilorio brisket taco, braised for four hours with ancho chili, garlic and a mix of spices. It's one of NYC's 26 best tacos!
Chilorio Brisket is now official. Time Out New York says it is one of the best tacos in NYC. http://newyork.timeout.com/restaurants-bars/1295011/nycs-26-best-tacos
Got the chipotle chicken taco & black bean and cheese tamale... both delicious! Love that the ingredients are imported from mexico - always fresh and yummy :)
Guaco taco is a must, especially with the crunch or the raw sweet corn.
Get the Chipotle Short Rib Taco. The coffee is great too.
You can't go wrong with anything they make! Everyone around me who ordered wanted more!
best deal in essex maarket: get a tilapia sandwich for 4.50 or a salmon fillet sandwich for 5 bucks. so fresh, and so good!
Best muffins in the LES
Chocolate and Banana Muffins, WH0L3Y SHIT!
Try the fish taco! Or salmon sandwich. A+++
Do NOT get a cocktail here.
Cozy, date-worthy atmosphere, and offers unique wines that you can enjoy on comfy leather couches! On our list of 5 favorite wine bars in the West Village - try the lauded lamb-ragu sliders.
One of my favorite BTG lists in the city. Always wonderful.
Try the Black Cherry Pop - Rye whiskey, lime juice, cherry bitters & boylans black cherry soda. This #cocktail was very refreshing. I love black cherry soda.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the The Fury - This #cocktail had Thai chili-infused tequila, passion fruit, lime, agave and soda. It was unlike any cocktails I had before. It tasted #spicy!!! I loved it! (via @Foodspotting)
Great spot for an after work glass of vino and cheese. Staff are SO nice.
The lamb ragu sliders are killer.
Try the lebanese Cabernet blend, my mouth is so happy right now!
Great wine bar, with tasty snacks.
This ethical & sustainable establishment is in for Shop Your Values Week! #SYVW pledgers get complimentary crostini with a drink order, May 3-10.
Killer wine list!  Try the Rhone blend
45 minute wait at Dell'anima? Don't sweat it. With Anfora right next door, you can pop on over for some delicious bruschetta and a couple of cocktails while you wait.
Ricotta is awesome
If you enjoy trying different wines by the glass, Anfora has plenty of variety and options. An absolute must try is the Nutella and homemade mascarpone sandwich
Ask for Christian. He is the loveliest server ever and you'll feel like royalty.
Yummy yummy yummy
Victory beers for ny craft beer week. Golden monkey is lovely.
Tuesday is Producer Night. Lots of wine industry folks and, often winemakers who are traveling through the city. Any night is a good night at Anfora. (P.S. Drink the 2002 Gravner before it's no more.)
Great wine bar from Joe Campanale, look for weekly special tastings from local and afar producers.
dark, sultry, luxe, killer wines
Best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had!
This is a fantastic little wine bar in the Big Apple. Try the House-made Ricotta. With almost thirty wines on the menu, served by the glass, there's plenty of choice to go with your food.
Nothing better after a long day than an awesome glass of wine w/ pork ragu sliders and ricotta crustini. Especially when Luciana or Joe are picking the wine...
Try a glass of Rioja "Cubillo" for a nice fruity-earthy balance
Helpful waitstaff help you navigate a huge wine list in this charming bar.  Try the Borough Market Panini and snack on the spicy shortbreads.
Sexy
no need to even open the menu, just ask for Joey
The Purple Pedro drink is delicious!
Try any of Frank Cornelissen's anfora wines. They will be an experience like none other.
Sister to Italian favorite dell’anima, this West Village hotspot is a celebration of global wines—including the sustainable and the biodynamic.
Come visit me at work here! I'll hook you up with delicious tamales and cider!!!
What a rip off. Two slices $8.90. And It's dry and tasteless.
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Such tasty crust. Mmmm
Pepperoni and black olives
This Pizza is so good! A pie and a liter of soda for $10!
Still worth it even in 0 degree weather. :) Salty Pimp all day.
nice ice creams
Essential NYU: Try the Bea Arthur, Salty Pimp, or Cinnamax sandwich for a cold delight. You can also buy a t-shirt.
Get the Bea Arthur. Seriously.
Special seasonal pumpkin softserve with whipped cream & rainbow sprinkles. Yum!
What you should really try is the Choinkwich ($6), an ice cream sandwich made with chocolate cookies from the Treats Truck, chocolate soft serve ice cream and a layer of Bacon Marmalade.
Parece o sorvete da moleca
The Bea Arthur & the cinnamax sandwich are both made for champions.
I love the Bea Arthur with chocolate ice cream dipped in chocolate! It's delicious.
Shit gets real here. Get the American Globs.
Two words: Salty Pimp.
'Mermaid' is delicious.
Do the Salty Pimp. Or Bea Arthur. Never go wrong.
Had the Bea Arthur and it was crazy good!! And they're are the not stingy on their portions! Totally worth every penny!
Definitely get the salty pimp!
They have gluten free cones and they're insanely nice.  The Salty Pimp is jimp-worthy!
salty pimp = yum!
Great place for something sweet after a show at Webster Hall. Can't get into Le Bain? that's ok, the Salty Pimp is far more enjoyable. Don't be discouraged by long lines...they move quickly!
The ice creams are usually too big!!
Horchata shake whaaaa?!
The cinnamax sandwich is underrated- similar to Diddy Riese for any LA residents
Love the Salty Pimp!!!
Coco cone. You can ask for them to add dulce du leche and they wont even charge for it. Deeeelicious.
If you like a little heat, try the Awesome Sauce (spicy hot fudge) on vanilla ice cream!
Brownie batter flavor today!
Love the salty pimp! But grab extra napkins, it melts so fast!
Love this place!!!!! I'll forever 'bea arthur' but i like my salty pimp too!
American globs!!! Yummmmm chocolatey pretzely salty goodness! Do it.
You might think you won't need that plastic container for your ice cream cone, but you definitely will.
Overhyped: yes. Delectable: yes. Long line, fast service. Safe: salty pimp. WTF:  ginger curry.
Best service & food in NY
This is the best service, food and atmosphere in the entire island of Manhattan. The entire staff and manager should win awards!
Rolling out National Pasta Day http://exm.nr/nnq64v
best Italian in NYC
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
Acappella Restaurant: The palate sings at this Italian Eatery http://exm.nr/nYeClz
They filmed the first episode of the sopranos here
A little pricey, but hey it's the Financial District.   Not the most adventurous Italian, but enjoyed every mouthful.
Our fav Italian spot!! Excellent service, delicious food! Specials are always amazing!
The food is great.  The service is better.
Don't order from the menu. The specials are always amazing. And, always save room for the complimentary grappa at the end of the meal.
Be sure to try the grappa, and the chocolate cake.
MY FAVORITE place in NYC!!!  Homemade lemoncello and Grappa how can you go wrong?  The service is top notch and the food keeps you craving more.
Try to get there early to beat the long lunch line that queues up by 12, but it moves quickly and is worth it! The 3 tacos w/ tofu are my fav, but w/e you decide make sure to top off w/ korilla sauce!
Well, its only logical that anything 'Maple' is done well at this Canadian chain...
If you're a health inspector, please shut this place down. If you work here, wake the fuck up and graduate from sixth grade. No excuse for this shit.
They stopped serving soda here, so don't ask.
It's good because it's from Canada! It's from Canada!!! People are morons.
Service sucks
Crap service, brown lettuce, donut sprinkles on our breakfast sandwich! Disgraceful. Take me back to Canada!
Am I missing something?  Iced coffee is just ok but i was expecting more from all the raves ppl give it.
Coffee get's it popping in the morning...and it's on the way into the office from the subway.
Am I in Toronto?? Where's the closest Pizza Pizza?
Don't forget to say hi to Liz and the rest of the gang! <3
Nthg  like  5th Ave!:-)
$1 extra for refills? and the service here is miserable, at least from one of their male employees. this Subway blows.
The burgers here kill all the big chains.  Nice Smokey broiled flavors.  Go small business!  This is the definition of resilience in a bad economy. A Indian burger joint.
Seriously. Pops dollar burger pales in comparison.  4x burger for 3.75$!
Disgusting. One of the very few places I have ever had to just throw a lunch away and go get something else.
Screw dollar slices, best random burger ever and for one dollar! (Get the works, w/green sauce)
Order wings extra crispy and you won't be disappointed. If you are a good patron usually the fourth drink is on the  house.
Great Lunch Specials!
$7 for a beer on Sunday at 4, no wonder this place was empty
Fun Irish pub right below Central Park. Decent pub fare-even an item or two for vegans. Great Guinness pours. Big chance of late evening mob flash like sing-a-long at bar. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Have a pickleback.
Good prices, great service and a high quality pool table. Check it out!
The service is great and servers are so nice.
Great place to relax with a beer after work. Hard liquor is pricey.
Quiet bar, decent food & friendly bar staff!
It's a hike from midtown, but you can't beat the food for lunch.  We recommend the Fish & Chips or the Grilled Chicken.  Huge portions.  Drink a bunch then go back to work.
Have the Shepards Pie! Best in the City!
Go there wearing a Yankees t-shirt (especially on the day of a subway series game) and get served beer in Mets pint glasses.
Friendly and laid back place. Try the buffalo chicken wrap.
Jalapeño poppers!
Come here for friendly service. Nice atmosphere and bartenders with killer accents !!!!!
If you drive in from the island. There is a parking garage across the street
Great bar food. Awesome staff. Perfect place to watch games
Great neighborhood joint. Friendly patrons and staff. Good burgers and wings as well.
Great esp. for late night food in this 'hood- mozz sticks, chick fingers, etc & strong drinks! Yum!
No longer open!
It's Closed!!
Get 15% off lunch and dinner at G-50 Bar and Grill when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
The ravioli is amazing! Too bad there are only 5 pieces.
Get the Buttermilk Fried Chicken!!
Not really unlimited mimosas.
G-50 also operates the adjacent J&V Pizzeria, which uses owner Vincent DeGrezia’s grandfather Vincent’s secret recipe from his shop of the same name in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn.
tender lamb ossobuko extensive wine list(wine by the glass menu is more extensive than wine by bottle) music is great and it's packed with people. litstened to Depeche Mode cool~~~!
Gotta do pickle backs at G-50
Ask vincent for the special, great service with a smile. My new mid-town haunt.
I don't often go up to midtown to eat but this place was definitely worth it!
Had chicken meatballs!! But the free mimosas for ladies between 5:30-6:30 are the winner!!!
Try the clam chowder, New England of course, you won't be disappointed.
Yummy lobster rolls on garlic bread!!
One of the best lunch specials in the city. Lobster roll, salad, and cole slaw for $10. Excellent stuff
Um, get the lobster roll. Damn, it's tasty!
My burger came out with no bread on the top
Brought the kids here for a typical kids menu and it was extremely disappointing. Service is HORRIBLE. Had to turn in our orders back twice. Chicken is like dried wood on a pasta. They r understaffed
If you want to wait an hour and a half while hungry....this is the place to go.  Worst service ever.
Terrible place. Dirty tables and sticky floor. Long awaiting
I advise you, take care about you VISA, I think (90%) that in this Fridays clone my Visa and charge it with more than 1000$ in several buys in Washington. Don't permit they take your Visa away!!
Quiero dejar por escrito que casi con seguridad en este Friday's me han duplicado la tarjeta Visa con la cual han hecho cargos en varias tiendas de Washington.Cuando paguéis no dejéis que se la lleven
Their Pecan-crusted chicken salad is the truth!
Awesome endless lunch in a very affordable price! Keep topping up baby!
Extremely over priced. I suggest sharing a meal with a friend
On 3/17/12, I was here for the St. Patrick’s Day breakfast hosted by U.S. Representative Carolyn Maloney and City Council Speaker Christine Quinn.
The shrimp, veggies and mashed potatoes were good, but the steak, for 25.99? Not worth it. Would not come back again.
I ordered the breaded shrimp and fries and he shrimp was good but the fries were not so good. The meal was $21.69 and the portions were skimpy. On a scale of 1-10 I give it a 6.8!
Please don't go here... Please!!!!!!! Go anywhere else, thanks!
Drinks are way to expensive best bet eat there then get you drinks elsewhere such a tequilaville around the corner
Not the best food but the Angel Hair Chicken Bruschetta is slammmin!!
overpriced......
Every time I eat at this Friday's it never taste like the food at other Friday's. Definitely not a good thing :(
Slow service, overpriced, and perverted waiters!
Worst place ever haha.
Simply bad! Terribel table service., my beer had a sweet and low wrapper in it and the food took forever. Never again
Easily passed on your way out of Grand Central. Never a line. Service ok.  Food is decent.
True tourist pricing.  Does tgif corporate know about the price gouging here?
Place is over priced and only one tv to watch sports. Ur better off going to a Irish pub.
Don't bother, service sucks, food is like any other TGI Fridays, but more expensive.
BEER PRICE UPDATE: due to the popularity of this 2 story Fridays (currently 6 people at the bar trying to NYC's worst located TV) they raised prices to 3.50
Good location. OK salads
Full of riff raff. Only come here for midwest priced happy hour.
2.50 happy hour beers make this place mediocre
It's everything you'd expect from a TGIF, except double or triple the price.  Consider other options.
Good place to grab something quickly and avoid the tourists eating downstairs. Bagels r good, coffee is consistent and staff is polite and quick.
Everything a/scallion cream cheese...every damn time
Plain toasted with peanut butter!
They've inexplicably eliminated the express bagel line and it's become one huge disorganized mess every morning. Boo.
Yummy chocolate croissants here.
The best chocolate chip muffins!
Everything Bagel with cream cheese = yum!
Hot croissants come out 630pm weeknights
The soup and the Oatmeal here are cheap and delicious.  I eat it almost everyday.
Breakfast sandwiches are $1 extra after 11:00am.
they always have good lite Indian food..
Samosas are excellent.
Get a mango lassi! It's absolutely delicious, comes out to $3.20 after tax and totally worth it.
i love this place - my fave in the grand central food court - i'm addicted to the lamb samosas
The Chicken Vindaloo is excellent.
The CTM and samosas are to die for! And try the garlic naan, the smell alone will make your mouth water.
Fast and delicious, and inexpensive. Hidden treasure.
NY Italian Hero. Very tasty!
Get the #17!
Bento box with pumpkin, mackerel, salad and brown rice. A nice healthy lunch place.
Very solid bacon, egg and cheese. Hard to find a good one in the 'hood, and this place makes me very happy.
This place is awesome.  They have everything u need...dollar pizza and they also have computers...sick spot anytime of the day
Try the cubana sandwich-great deli!
The food is Finger licking good !!!!!
Cheapest breakfast closest to work, ham+egg+cheese on whole-wheat toast, $1.75
$1 pizza.  Perfect drunk food.
As a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur  I highly recommend this fine $1 slice of pizza as amazing.
The pizza is 99 cents, but the gastrointestinal distress is free of charge. I regret it every single time.
Best $1.00 pizza in the city!
Great place to grab food late atnight.  Across the street from the Hilton Garden Inn.  I must of had the world's saltiest buffalo ck wrap, though :/
They sell Hookahs and shisha!
The place where all the cab-bikers rest
I work down the street and found this place because of Foursqure, great & cheap!
99 cent pizza what else can you ask for. Oh and they're open 24 hours.
Egg sangy!
Hands down, one of the smoothest lounge-bars I've been to. Talk to Oscar, Lawrence or any of the cool crew. Sat night, sip a Macallan or Balvenie Portwood, listen to some ol'skool hip hop. Goodness.
FYI this is the old Nikki Beach, same owner.
The waiter helped me to locate my spoon. Fabulous service! 
Have the coffee, its wonderful!
Great spot for breakfast!!
Try the Smokin' Joe
Very fast and delicious meal
The omelette with mushroom + swiss cheese is amazing!
Hole in the wall, old school diner!  Come for the eggs, hash browns and corned beef hash.
Tasty, great diner vibe, great omelette...
Breakfast served all day, great omelettes and quick service.
Amazing sushi. Srsly.
Number of times I would go back here.. Nada. Service was super slow, they ran out of eel?!?!? And they tried to charge an extra $15 on the bill.
Best sushi in Midtown. Yellowtail Scallion is yummy
Chicken teriyaki is yummy. They use dark meat only.
Great Sushi!
Excellent food and service. Try nigiri tamago, amazing
Great katsudon - very authentic!
11am - 430pm; Mon - Sat
chicharron de pollo (crackling chicken over rice), one of the Thursday specials, is great. Ask for the lentils...
Spettacolo..gelato buonissimo
Get cookies and cream and put twix and reeses  peicies in it
Best froyo. Self serve too, so much better than Pinkberry.
Try the pomegranate tang
I freakin LUV this place. I crave it. Where else can you choose whatever yogurt you want and explode it with whatever toppings....#Heaven
Try the Cheesecake Frozen Yogurt (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Molten Lava Frozen Yogurt (via @Foodspotting)
This place is sooo cool
New Location looks great! Can't wait for it to open:)
Would never have expected to find the best fries in the world in an Italian restaurant on the UES.
Aloof service, over priced, so-so food. If you want good italien with interesting scene, go to Via Quadronno instead (73 btw mad and 5) - lumi's on redeeming quality are the tables outside
Don't have white rum! I'm never coming back!
gluten free options, the food and service at Lumi are always but always phenomenal.
Pea Soup and Artichoke Salad. So good!
It's not a surprise that there is still no major... I wouldn't recommend the place at all. In addition, we all have NO PLANS 2come back. THEY REALLY NEED A MANAGER 2HANDLE THE RESTAURANT late at night
Love the Sex and the City movie? See where Charlotte was about to dine before she ran into Big.
Cavatelli al sugo di Vitella (cavatelli pasta with white ragu of veal and sage) delicious. Service was ok.
Fried chicken wasn't bad. No bones! Stay away from the Bloody Marys.
Definitely a fun place. Lots of options for vegetarians. Little loud for my taste though. Hard to have a conversation, especially when sat at a corner table underneath a speaker.
It was $10 (incl. tip.) for a single absolute.
Loved the decor. Food and drinks were great! Bathrooms cute too. Went into Cher and Nelly; the Elvis and Dolly were seemed to be always occupied. ;)
Nice thematic bathrooms. But a roll of paper towels or a hand dryer would be nice
Is it a gay bar?
Love the bathrooms, dirty martinis & the veggie burger (didn't have the bun or fries so can't rate that part ). Great place!
Love this place! Mac n cheese and magic brownie sundae are uh-mazing.
Great food!
Nachos are excellent. Tuna sliders too. The Jimi Hendrix is off the hook.
Awesome drinks...cool vibe
Really nice place with strooooong made coctails ;)
Great staff - Bartender Robert is awesome!
Robert is the Best Bartender!!! Excellent drink preparer!!! Loved it!!!
Breakfast Burger is amazing.
Shrimp tacos were amazing
Great food, but the service is a little shotty. Visited twice, first time service was amazing. Had the Grilled Cheese, which was delicious! Second time, waitress was horrible, but again great food.
Steak & eggs was awesome. I'd order it just for the steak it was so tender. And when you order fruit it's good fruit (I got kiwi, papaya, mango), not the filler BS. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Watermelon vodka lemonade is da bomb.
Visit the King's throne in the Elvis bathroom.
The French press coffee is great!
Good service but the food takes FOREVER and it's actually really bland. I would say pass on this place.
GREAT BURGERS
Elvis's Revenge is life-changing.
Random: they make amazing sidecars here!
Cool atmosphere but too expensive for what you get. $12 for 2 egg breakfast that doesn't include bacon? Ug.
Great staff, amazing food & Drinks! Get the Buffalo Wings and a Beyonce you'll be in heaven !
Elvis revenge is delightful. The tempura banana makes it soooo yummy! Breakfast burrito is good too!
Ask for bacon or a poached egg on the truffle Mac and cheese!! It's not on the menu, but they still make it and it will change your life.
I love the Cher bathroom!
Plain slice!!! Amazing pizza!!! Toppings are not necessary, and not worth it. They take away from the purity of the pizza. :)
The branzino is spectacular! The waiters are a bit slow but know their wine selection really well
So. The truffle risotto is to dye for. Skip the veal. Lovies, all
The Italian donuts dessert special is worth splurging on.
Get anything that has truffles or truffle oil as an ingredient. Simply fantabulous.
Duck and pasta special was fantastic.
Everything is delicious. Food tastes even better when your date is cute
Tough to beat the trout with pommes frites and a glass of Cote du Rhone. The goat cheese salad is crave-able.
Take it from devout regulars and order from the specials if its your first time here; their Duck Confit is good but you’ll fare better with a less classic dish
The Mayer is in the house!! He comes here every couple of months. Very nice guy!!
Kevin is the sexiest bartender on the UES.
Duck Confit has been doin' it right since about 1990 for me. Chicory salad also top notch. Great neighborhood joint.
Choucroute
Sadly they've been out of business since May 2012.
Deliciosas!  definitely go for arepas, they are chock full.  I had Mexicana; next time Pabellón or Reina Pepe...
Try the Guanabana drink because it is a most ncredible juice!
Omg! Sooo good!!! Pernil arepas + pabellon empanada = happiness! A true tiny hidden gem for authentic cusine. Super nice staff too!
Shredded beef empanada. Do it!
Cheese and sweet plantain empanada is a misprint on the web site. They don't make it. Food is great. Staff very friendly. Worth the trip!
If you’re not looking, you could easily miss this tiny shop and miss out on fantastic arepas – try the Pernil, Choriqueso or the Vegetariana.  It’s all very easy on the wallet.
pernil arepas (with extra pink sauce please) and top-ranking dense cakelike flan
A tiny secret treasure in this food wasteland.
The Pabellon Arepas and Shredded beef empanadas were awesome!!  can't wait to go back and try other varieties.
Finally, something new around here!! The arepas are soo delicious - I'll be back tomorrow for lunch!
Best kosher burger in New York, get it with fried mushroom and onion
Tortilla soup is gross. Chicken bones.
Chorizo Queso Fundido is pure glory.
Cherry margaritas, peach margaritas, ANY margaritas!  Sooooo good.
Skinny Margaritas are better than I thought.
love their happy hour love their margarita !!
Skip this place.  Takes forever to get your food and your check.  There are better Mexican restaurants in Hell's Kitchen.
Portions are small but yummy! 2 for 1 margaritas mon-wed
Renamed OUT Latin/Mexican Food
Great prices and food. Mexican sandwich is the bomb. Great service as well
Happy Hour goes until 8 pm. $5 drinks @ the bar.
Not honoring ant Specials Amex or otherwise!
there is no better deal for a very nice lunch under $10 around hells kitchen, great frozen margs too!!
Best frozen margarita!
Living for the cherry margaritas @ happy hour!!!
Waiter wasn't too good but all the other staff were very nice.  Amazing food, I'm from San Antonio and missed my mexican, this place brings me back home! Wonderful!
Reasonable prices, great guac, and AWESOME MARGARITAS. Looks a little iffy from the outside, but it's a great place to start your night out in HK.
Chicken Mexican style is.delicious!
Definitely order the 'Choriquezo.' out of this world.
Shrimp taco salad & mango margaritas :)
And stop playing country music.
Can someone tell them to STOP using ammonia based windex on tables while you are eating?? Use unscented or organic cleaners in a dining room.
Great margaritas!! Go for happy hour!! Such a nice staff too!!
fabulous! great service & salsa!! wendy is the bomb.
Go for the fajitas and guac. Good stuff!
The shrimp. Fresh, BIG, delicious. Tastiest shrimp taco salad EVER.
Guac is yummy. I hate this area (I'm not a tourist, I don't do Times Square) but margaritas and guacamole are delish.
I would totally blow the bartender.
I would totally blow the bartender.
I would totally blow the bartender.
The Drunken Nachos go perfectly with the half price margaritas!
Candy, fudge, ice-cream, cards, balloons, cute gifts, witty cards and great customer service. Will definitely be back. ,
The only place in Hell's Kitchen that sells balloons!
Wicked selection of candy! Love this place!!!
Best candy store in this part of town
A gem of a candy store/ice cream parlor in the heart of Hells Kitchen
I dropped a Collectivus Signature Pink Cupcake Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Vanilla pastry cream-filled brioche. No joke!
Meh. Bartenders are "so busy" and don't provide great attention.
Rosies' has the best bartenders in Manhattan. Great food in the restaurant and around NYC Marathon time, it is hangout for running geeks.
Good food horrible service.
Not sure why people say bad things about the food here. Steak is amazing! Love the creamed spinach!
My Tip? Avoid this place. Simply not good food, and the service is quite lacking.
Pleasantly surprised with my scallops. Very good.
Try the French onion soup! It is delicious.
Horrible calamari, wait staff argued with us about leaving a bread basket, limp French fries. Manager checked with every other table. Walked by us several times. Don't bother!
Filet Mignon is amazing
Sausage Fest at happy hour.
Get the amazing mashed potatoes. Also restaurant prices and bar prices differ.
Vinny the bartender was awesome.
Don't get the Pinot noir
Impressice fried calamari.
French onion soup here should be called cheese soup
2pm on Sat is a perfect time to have a Guinness and get warm!
Excellent 12oz filet mignon and I chose a baked potato- which was amazing. Chocolate strawberry cake is delicious!!
I liked our server, but the food was dreadful.
Horrible food and service!
The filet with roasted potatoes is to die for!! Absolutely amazing!!
Great staff.
You can eat in the bar.
Lobster Ravioli was delicious
The service was poor, the food (entree) unfortunately not stellar and the wines by the glass were very low end.  BUT the rolls and the chicken vegetable soup was good.
The food is great but I have had better service at McDonalds
food was cold and beer was flat.
Food was horrible.
Cheesecake is good.
Food sucks, cheesecake is good
try the carrot cake for dessert! it's yummy.
Not enough seats for those eating in.
great falafel but ordering process is so disorganized
Turf & Ouef
Rosemary lemonade- wow!
Yummy iced tea
White creamy truffle mac and cheese is so yummy!
Try the Gruyere and French Onion
Now Serving Breakfast on the Weekends! Walking French Toast, Donuts & Much Much!Open Saturdays & Sundays 10am-7pm & Serving Breakfast All Day!!
From the Smoked Gouda and Fig to the Gruyère and Candied Bacon, this isn't your everyday grilled cheese. Round out your meal with a refreshing cucumber-ginger lemonade and a rosemary lemon snow cone.
Amazing. Get the fig and Gouda and sit in the window and eat.
New Store Hours!Wednesday-Friday 11:30am-6:00pmSaturday & Sunday 11:30am-7:00pmClosed Mondays & Tuesdays
Cash only! :)
toasted onion bagel + 2 eggs + cheddar cheese + sausage + scallion cream cheese = fat ass!
Over priced and I swear they have the smallest bagels in NYC beside the mini bagel. Still I continue to order here go figure.
I enjoy paying $12 for a sandwich with one slice of meat on it.
Cash only today!
Great salads with many options for lettuce, toppings, and dressings! My new favorite salad spot.
Brians's note is spot-on. Great food, but terrible ordering/payment/waiting system
Dumbest cashier; worst system for ordering and getting your food. Lenny's got too big and completely lost the service level we used to expect.
Veggie delite on a whole wheat wrap!! So good!
Follow Lenny's NYC on twitter for free give a ways...at random times on 3 random days a week!
I love spicy guac, but I would not recommend their "spicy" guac, go with the medium unless you enjoy a bowl of jalapeños
Excellent guac - go for spicy...
Order the steak fajitas! Everything was cooked to perfection, very highly recommended!
less than average. much less.
Mmm Sangria!!
Mussels!!!
Found Tostada Salad w/ Steak as Yum Yum. Try it and dish on it at http://dishonit.com
Great ambience and starters! Excellent lunch deals. A little americanized mexican food
Try the coconut margarita!
The owner has got to be one of the nicest guys out there. He worked his way up in the food industry from a bus boy to own his own restaurant. If you get a chance, say hi to him if he's around.
The skirt steak and spinach salad is unbelievable. Just do it
Strong and delicious margaritas.....thumbs up
Chips and dip.
Love the margaritas...frozen...on the rocks...both are really good. Sweet and strong so be careful and know when to cut your date off :)
The guac is great as are their chips
Fish tacos. Guacamole.
Good salads. Mojitos better than margs.
Inexpensive and great, $8 salad + $8 burritos. Plus, for brunch they put out complimentary muffin/bread/tortilla platter
One of three NYC locations
$10 fajitas on monday nights. The chips are awesome as well.
Pomegranate margaritas + chicken fajitas. Amazing.
Pork chimichangas come with fabulous guacamole.
Chicken over rice with extra white sauce and hot sauce. Ridiculously filling for only $5.
Combo over salad w/ all 3 sauces is the winner here.  At 5 bux, you cannot beat this deal.
Chicken Pita for $3 is the best deal in NY
For $5 can't beat it. My personal fave is the lamb and chicken over rice (with salad). Includes a can of soda taboot. Don't forget the hot sauce and white sauce.
Get the yogurt to go.. Table service sucks and it is not so clean
Instant happiness. And the portion sizes are appreciated, even if they are totally ridiculous.
Great froyo on the 7th floor of Bloomingdales. A small size ($4.50 w/o toppings) is good enough for two to share. If you can't decide on a flavor, you can get two in one cup!
Froyo is delicious.. And HUGE... And not calorie free 
Plain frozen yogurt. Best in the city.
Perfect weekend or 5 PM stop off after work. The best place to spot the inconspicuous fashion blogger (look for big sunglasses). The C+L favorite: peanut butter/yogurt swirl with chocolate sprinkles.
Peanut butter fro yo and granola
Try the Peanut Butter And Chocolate Frozen Yogurt (via @Foodspotting)
Peanut Butter yogurt
Plain + oreo = ❤
Try the tropical sunrise smoothie!
Try a bunched lunch! I always get Juice, half sandwich, & sm froyo. Peanut butter flavor is my favorite!
Nothing like a a $9 fro yo and cup of coffee.
lunch special is yum: soup, sandwich, froyo for $15
the best frozen yogurt
Never fail to stop by the 7th floor each time shopping at Bloomies for the plain frozen yogurt.
Just get a small, plain froyo.  Share amongst three-four friends. If you're feeling adventurous, get the honey topping.
Obviously the greatest frozen yogurt. Esp with carob chips. Good mayoless tuna salad. Leave your boyfriend behind.
Small original with bananas & honey- life changing!
No matter what anyone says, Forty Carrots has the best frozen yogurt - better than Red Mango, Pinkberry, Yolato. None of them compare.
Try plain vanilla frozen yogurt with granola! Delish!
Even the small feels more like a meal than a dessert. Great stuff. Try half vanilla, half coffee flavored froyo with Oreo crumbles and shredded coconut.
best frozen yogurt ever!
A nice restaurant for women.  Try the Caesar salad w/ grilled chicken.  Decaf coffee is good too. Nice people working here.
Chicken salad sandwich & decaf coffee. Taking half my sandwich home. They're nice to singles here. Maybe ll come back for carrot cake after shopping. See DenimNYC.com.
Chicken salad sandwich & decaf coffee. Taking half my sandwich home. They're nice to singles here. Maybe ll come back for carrot cake after shopping. See DenimNYC.com.
Eh.
Coffee flavored frozen yogurt is AMAZING!!!
Plain yogurt with honey with the bomb!
Forget Pinkberry or Tasti D-Lite. This is hands down the best yogurt joint in NYC.
Basic cafe. Good ingredients. Good quality. Simple menu. Great service!
Chipotle turkey sandwich is great!
Great spa downstairs!
Ask for Bobby and tell him Melissa sent you! He is a wonderful store owner and very helpful to customers.
Try our Fresh Mint Ice Blended Lemonade!
Come in and have the illy espresso and coffee...excellent!
Have the illy espresso and coffee. Fabulous
mud pie.  oh man.  coffee ice cream + oreos + chocolate chunks.  yum.  (also doesn't hurt that they're a boston based company!)
They have  excellent fresh mango shake!!
These people do things to Oreos that Paula Deen can only dream about
Cookie monster flavor is pretty dope
I never thought I'd spend $7 for an ice-cream cone and not regret it, but that's exactly what happened. Cake mix is great and the rice krispies cone is so good it should be illegal.
SO many low fat options among the wide variety of flavors, and it all tastes amazing!
Finally!! A place in UES that serves bubble tea!!
Top place, quality ice-cream - get the moose track in a hersheys coated waffle cone and order their golden ginger ale, knock yourself out
Best ice cream in the city I've had so far, they have funky flavors and yummy variants of cones that are awesome.
A Vanilla Boston Frappe - incredibly refreshing on a hot summer day!
Get your money's worth buy a pint for $6.05!  Well worth it...
This ice cream is perhaps the best I've ever tasted!  So many wonderful flavors to choose from, I try to attempt a new one ever visit.  So far I have not been disappointed.
A truly special place dear to my heart. Enjoy your beer in a frosted mug and feast on the shockingly inexpensive and delicious guacamole.
Cheap and bangin
At this cheery Mexican diner you can get chips & salsa, two enormous burritos and two beers (in frosted mugs!) for under $30. Enough said.
Get the carne enchilada tacos!!
Chicken torta was amazing
This was the original go-to spot for Mexican food before the influx of hipster taco joints. Still the best.
The chips are so fresh that they're too hot to eat. The guac is great and the salsa is very hot, yum
The combination of price, flavor, and portions make me want to move to Greepoint.
The steak torta is really tasty, and cheap.
Get the chorizo. Amazing.
Best chorizo I've ever had. Get it in anything!
PHOTO: A huge fire in 1952 leveled a building right across the street!  Click "More Info" for an amazing pic of firefighters battling the blaze!
Try the Mexican squirt.  I wish soda tasted that good in America
The quintessential Mexican food establishment in Greenpoint. Great prices, fast service, and a help-your-self beer cooler with frosted mugs. They also make a decent burger.
Get nachos here if you like jalapenos a plenty. The cheese is every where and tangy.
Holy shit @ chips & guacamole
The rancheros chicken tacos are delightful
Best chips and guacamole I've had in NY
Why settle for regular coke when you can get mexican coke?
Be judicious with your chicken nacho order. One order is enough to choke a horse.
get the banana fruit shake along with your vegetables quesadillas!!!
Stay away from the green curry chicken. Their sushi is pretty good though.
Prices are insane, $7 for a breakfast sandwich? Tourist trap bodega.
This place is fine for a quick meal that is not some fastfood. Ideal for tourists, cheap And okay. But the special doesnt work, And they dont know anything about it.
This place has ok food! Nothing compared to the shake shack but if you are In a rush and starving this place is worth it!
Horrible! I couldn't even finish a breakfast muffin. The whole thing was saturated with oil, not butter, OIL!
Heerlijk ontbijten hier! Goedkoop, goede service.. Bagel with cream cheese, yumm.
I dunno what people are bitching about. Tasted fine to me
This place is still a shit box no matter of it's 24/7 or not
Avoid at all costs
The fruit and yogurt parfait was delicious, but the place as a whole is way too expensive.
Avoid at all costs
Best bacon cheeseburger (cheddar) I've had in a while!
The Greek Yogurt Experience for breakfast was a pleasant surprise.
Most expensive diner in the city but I love the curly fries
Do as the NewYorkers do and start yr day with a breakfast at Astro's!
Tex-Mex burger and onion rings are tasty.
Call in take-out orders in advance and avoid the wait!
This place is awful.  I ordered a small Greek salad with chicken and the waiter brought out a huge plate of salad which wasn't even good and brought out our bill and the salad cost $1725.  Ridiculous!
Excellent chicken rice soup!
Amazing Egg White Omelettes!! Very friendly!
Be sure to sit at the counter if you want to be able to overhear old-timey New Yorkers insulting each other.
Good food with cheap prices for the location. Not bad for a nice, quick lunch.
Forget this joint. Overpriced shitty wanna be dennys
Very good milkshake!
Bacon, egg and cheese is the best in teh neighborhood. Get it with the potatoes!
In general, stupidly over-priced. Not that it is any suprise..
Breakfast dishes come with french fries, not hash browns or other breakfast potatoes
Pancakes and other griddle items are not served during weekday lunch hours
Caitlyn is amazing!! Oreo milkshake is yummy!
Load up on the hot peppers, delicious!
The Mediterranean is a MUST! Also super friendly workers!
This place is amazing! Friendly staff. Also don't forget to ask about the best part: "The underground Menu" - your welcome in advance!
Love this place! Perfect to sit with the dogs and enjoy a snack while watching the awesome skyline!
Worst service ever. It's one of those places where you could walk away and they probably wouldn't even noticed b/c they haven't checked in on you for 30 minutes.
THe iced cap is excellent <3 yumm
Neat place to watch the city go from day into night.
The only place I know that serves Gatorade, sangria, Yoo Hoo and Sam Adams!
Yummy chopped salad; suggest getting the dressing on the side.
Fantastic place to kick back, watch a baseball game, have a bite to eat and enjoy a nice day in the Park.
At this great lunch getaway in the middle of the park, you feel far from the hustle and bustle of the city.  Try the tuna sandwich on whole grain with an ice cold beverage for a perfect midday break.
The problem with Subways in NYC is that they're owned by Indians, and these people are very rude, especially at this location. Don't eat here.
this location is 10x better than the one on 53rd & 5th in the subway station. better service and aren't stingy with ingredients. and they have outdoor seating!
Call ahead to get the menu
The chicken fajita tostada salad is amazing!
Amazing food! Let the waiter recommend a Turkish wine for you. The hummus, eggplant salad, shrimp dish and flan are delicious.
Try the Lamb Chops! Cooked Medium! They're to die for!!
Free wifi. The password is: burger66
Goodburger is not that good. And there shake was bad!
Delicious burgers!
Chilli cheese fries are to die for!
They were about to close and still allowed me to place my order. That's fantastic customer service!
Crabby Patty is yummy!
What special exhibition does The Metropolitan Museum of Art do now?
It ate the hot dog in NY a lot though I liked burger.
The fish and chips didnt include tarter sauce but I didnt mind. Best food joint so far & close to Central Park.
Good burger. Thought it was fresher/tastier than 5 Guys. Fine service. Anyone complaining about price *clearly* is from out of town. It's midtown folks. Want cheaper? Go back to the outer boroughs.
the chocolate milkshakes are the best!! .. sizes are just a tad bit small
Fries are so good you will not touch your burger until they are gone.
The workers behind the counter are rude.
Really good food! Nice for a light meal!
Love their veggie burgers and side salads.  Paging all the vegetarians out there, it's a fresh & delicious option when you're stranded in Columbus Circle and don't know where to go.
Good Burger!  Shakes are really good and have a lot of flavor!
Free wifi!
Here's what a delish burger and shake cost.
Overpriced, and it took close to 20 minutes to get my burger and this place is empty.  I won't be back
This place is a rip off!!!
Awesome burger. Instantly reminded me of a summer day at a baseball park. Only complaint is the service is a little slow.
Employees are too busy talking to give a shit about efficiency. Plan on waiting at least 15 minutes and to have off the clock employees cut in front of you.
Amazing juicy stuff. I loved this place!
Food is ok the delivery SUCKS.  I will never order from them again.  Here are the facts.  It is raining.  I ordered five Burgers and a Bowl of Chili at 7:04 sharp.  9 calls later 9:19 STILL NO FOOD!
Get a double good burger with bacon and portobello mushrooms and cheese fries... really expensive (16.50) but worth it as a treat to yourself every now and then.
Umm, umm Good! Get the Fudge Brownie shack & the Onion Rings!
The mayor of goodburger gets a free burger every Monday that they're mayor & everyone receives a free soda on every checkin!
seems they're weakening
Tasted pretty plain too :(
Takes FOREVER to wait for your burger to be cooked. Jesus fkn Christ
Closed and gone!!
Uzeyir abi seni seviyorum.
Cajun chicken sandwich is probably the best thing I've ever had
Best sandwich , wrap , and panini
awesome chicken fajita panini
Really really awful service. They are insulting and rude. Do Not Order here. Unless you want to be treated badly.
Amazing calzones!
Awesome burgers! You really get your money's worth. Also try their delicious cheese steak sandwich!
Everything here is pretty simple/unmemorable.  It's your average pizza place.  Highlights are the grilled chicken sandwich (not on them menu) and the garlic knots.  There's better pizza elsewhere.
The ziti in garlic and oil is second only to the delicious pizza!
Broccoli & Salt amazing!!!
Overpriced crap! Don't waste your time or money.
Should have read the tips first.  Cannoli was gross and overpriced.
Should have read other tips prior. Below average food for value. Watery noodles... 4$ to add a pickle to a burger my friend stated "not better than George Webb's". Ugh. Not worth $50+.
I would not recommend this place to a friend. It could have been worse based on other diner's comments but save your money. Overpriced and mediocre at best.
Meh. I think they're riding Carnegie's coattails.
Try the Smoked Turkey And Brisket Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Don't do it.
Happy hour drinks are where it's at!! Can't beat cocktails for $4.99!!
Expensive. Really expensive. Somewhat slow service with okay food. Accepts credit cards unlike Carnegie Deli across the street. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Read the reviews AFTER sitting down and ordering. Management should take the hint and drop prices. Carnegie Deli across the street was packed, only reason we came here. It's empty.
Skip it:$10.25 for 2 diet cokes and a coffee. Personal pizza is $25.00
Only redeeming factor, full bar and they played sirus/xm 90s channel. If you are reading this you should probably go somewhere else.
Showed mgmt these comments, said nothing he can do cuz its all about price.  Health dept "b". Svc was fine. Food was fine...nothing special
This breakfast better be good for a $16 plus omelette...geez
Disgusting! Had Mold in the Cheesecake!
Poor service, tasteless food. Don't waste your time & money.
See Gladys at the bar on Friday night, great drink specials!
Do not go here. Ever. It stinks.
Go to the park cafe or carnegie deli across the street instead. $27 for a tuekey sandwich, ridiculous!
Do yourself a favorite and go to Carnegie Deli across the street.
Overpriced, but the chicken salad on a bagel was amazing.
Avoid like the plague.  Twice the price and none of the nice of nearby places.  I left after the waitress walked away in the middle of a question.
Ketchup bottle exploded (I assume from age.) No apology barely an acknowledgement. We walked. Don't go there!
The cheese cake is the best!
Wow, this was the worst meal of my trip. Do yourself a favor and do not come here. The food is really expensive. I ordered a sandwich, literally a meal for 2 and it was borderline mediocre at best.
Awesome chocolate croissants!!!
Definitely come here if you're a Midtown asshole who likes to pay 80% more than street rate for a shitty burger that looks like a homeless person's sleeping bag.
Horrible place don't waste your time. Over priced, medoicre food.
Terrible everything. The waitress tried to seat us at the door before the manager moved us to one of the many empty tables inward. My bacon was leather and they cleaned the floor as we ate. Mm ammonia
Way too expensive. I'm so upset I spent $40 on a 1 person meal for decent food.
Have the chipotle burrito, yummmmmm
the chick with the eyeglasses is the one to take your ordere anyone else will fuck it up
best mexican restaurant in time square
Buy some limestone from food emporium or get some lemons from chipotle for the tacos
absolutely the best REAL mexican in town!
Get the Chipotle Burrito. It's damn good.
Burritos are massive!
La Paloma is now called El Rancho. Same great food, same people, just a new name after the fire fiasco. Open Mon-Sun 11a - 11:30pm.
It's open!
Finally reopened!!  But only accepting cash at this time.
There was a fire in the apt above! NOT closed by board of health! Get the Maria burrito. Best Mexican food in hells kitchen! Welcome back La Paloma!
Re-opened and better than ever!
Quesadilla grande is the best vegetarian Mexican meal on the island.
Delicious authentic mexican! Not much seating though
Was not closed down by health dept. You can check this online or with NYC app. They got a fairly good score in feb and make great food.
don't be fooled by the "super" in super vegetarian burrito the green burrito is so much better. and be sure to add maduras! total cost $8
Currently shut down by the board of health.
The tacos and chipotle burrito are solid.  Better for takeout than to for eating in...not much ambience but the food is good.
Get a shot of wheat grass for an EXTRA AM kick!
Share your checkin on Twitter using hashtag #McDFirstTaste!
A great spot to meet for a drink
Club sandwich is redonc.
Poulet avec estragon and pomme frites!!!!!! A must! It's not on the menu but they will make it special if you ask! That's chicken with taragon sauce and fries!!!! Tottally yummie!!!!!!
The food is beyond mediocre. The shrimp diavolo tastes like it's hamburger helper style & the gnocchi are very rubbery. Totally not worth the Travel Zoo / Groupon deal you're probably about to use.
Love how they refuse to acknowledge terms like grande
Not as good as a regular Starbucks :( but I'm lazy to go outside
try the 99 cent fresh pizza
I love this place! Pizza is fresh, delicious and quick!
Really good for .99¢ -- screw that, really good even if it was more than .99¢!
Excellent pizza. Unbeatable price.
Dank for 99cents
Really good pizza. I've had way worse for way more than $1! And it's always hot and delicious without reheating because the sell so many slices they make a new pizza every few minutes
Always fresh... Original Italian pizzerias watch out!!!!! It's so busy they make pies every 5 mins
Best pizza ever. Rick is so sweet. This is exactly the pizza I was lookin for when I visited.
Actually really good for 99 cents
Pretty f'in good considering it's $1 buck!
Best extra cheese slice !! $1.50
Classic cheazza spot.
The almond croissant is awesome..
Realistic review- solid brunch. Nothing over the top amazing but very good. Pulled pork and waffles are good. Beet salad is great... Just replace with goat cheese for +2. Bit pricey but will return.
Much to recommend it, but they've had Van Morrison's "Moondance" on a loop for like half an hour and I think I'm going flip out.
The pulled pork was very good
Meh. Or even meh-. Heavy on style. Light on substance. Needs salt, butter some smoke on that salmon and butter.
Nasty, nasty, naaaasty! Bought a box of macaroons and thought they would rock my socks off, but i was wrong! The macaroons were terrible. To dry and the flavors didn't seem right.
The macaroons were so dry they cracked as soon as we bit into them. By far the worst macaroon experience ever. :(
http://sweets.seriouseats.com/2012/11/first-look-sugar-and-plumm-new-bakery-pichet-ong-new-york.html
Rocky Road cookies and macaroons - all of them.
its the upper west side's Alice's wonderland. its a treat and the kids adore it.
The waffles w/pulled pork + heirloom egg is a great dish alone or shared w/a partner who gets the equally delish lemon ricotta pancakes. Noisy but worth the wait.
Buckwheat w/ ham gruyere egg crepe is worth the $12
Go next door to Emack and Bolio's for ice cream. This place's selection is lacking.
Anger-inducing overpriced cold portions of cut-the-corners crap. $10 for a poorly made crepe I ate in three bites. There goes the neighborhood.
Great staff. Cute decor, but semi-overly commercial (could picture this place in a mall).  Try the pommtini and bacon mac and cheese.
Beautiful graphics.
I love the macarons (apple pie, raspberry and blueberry) and ice cream here. Chocolate sorbet is a must have for chocolate lovers. The disco- dust sprinkled fruit tart is amazing as well!
Conquer the Earthquake in a Fishbowl.
Friendly staff
The macaroons here are quality. Have yet to try other yummy desserts, but looks like this will be a real UWS stalwart. I always could use more sugar!
Blueberry macaron is my favorite!
Meh. Nothing special. Kinda tacky.
macaron tree!
One of the best carts in the city. Ridiculously friendly.
Great Gyro plate...add some hot sauce!!
Amazing views of the city. Absolutely gorgeous (don't leave without the Banana/chocolate spring rolls).
Great view, the waitress knew exactly what we should order! She was very honest about the menu. Def would come again! Yum!!!
Worst service in the world .
I'd come back here to try dinner on a weeknight before I'd ever come to party. DJ 9pm doesn't mix very well, spent most of the night standing around instead of dancing :(
Get here early if you really want to party because the bouncers clearly think this is a higher level establishment than it is, looking for tips to let you up. Its the Ravel not the W Hotel!
As soon as you step out of the elevator, you’ll be greeted with the most wondrous view of the Manhattan skyline (especially at night).  The food is so-so, but the drinks are nice and strong.
Staffed by hookers and with loud, tacky dance music pumped into it on "party nights". Overpriced drinks but the food is more than decent. Best attended during  the winter.
Rooftop dining with views of Manhattan. You must try their Watermelon Martini. The perfect summer drink.
Rooftop dining in Long Island City. Off the beaten path but amazing views!!!! Try the Watermelon Martini...DELISH!!!
Great for a View but Pre-game before getting here. Drinks are over priced.
Great view, but definitely a Queens "meat market" kind of crowd. They literally line up for inspection.
Bad service, mediocre food. The only redeeming quality is the view.
Having breakfast with such as wonderful view Is a great experience
Sushi platters are very good.
Go around sunset you will love it
stay there and enjoy the view!
The staff here sucks. I wish I could take back my order..
If its not premade don't order it. Literally takes 15min for a deli sandwich
This place is neither hot nor crusty.  I ordered egg salad on a toasted roll.  Egg salad was frozen.  Literally ice chips in it.  And the roll was not toasted and was stale.  Guess I can't win em all!
Delicious bagels!
Their pastries taste as good as they smell when they're baking at 6am.
There is a 3 dollar minimum for debit/credit.
Their sliced loaves make for great bread to serve with any meal or a quick few slices for your on the go breakfast! My favorite is their raisin challah.
Gotta have my morning bagel.
Bagels aren't boiled, just bagel shaped bread rolls
Bring hone the bread (not bacon). Best bread in NYC - Annop got me hooked
The hazlenut coffee is not particularly hazlenutty... nor good, for that matter.  Then again, I was given the wrong size so maybe I was given the wrong coffee too?
The chocolate croissants are quite good.
Can't beat hot nuts in the winter.
Delicious food but always check that they gave you everything you ordered!
Best flour tortillas around! Go for the tacos or fajitas.
Stay away from the burritos. Stick to the rice and meat plates.
The P&O Burger made my day, try it! And the service here is great... Thanks!
asparagus fries. paula dean was right...everything you already love does taste better tempura battered and deep fried.
Worth the money. Their cocktails are DELICIOUS (make sure to try the Huckleberry Fizz!) What the food lacks in size, it makes up in quality. Also, Make sure to try the Mac&Cheese Croquettes!
The fried green tomatoes are Amaz!!!
A DJ plays in the middle so it's pretty loud. Also it was so dark we had to use the glow sticks they have as decoration as a light source...
Got a table quick but after waiting 10 min and no service we left...
Mac and cheese croquettes are amazing. French fry mash & asparagus fries are also must haves!
Great drinks. Really overpriced food. Slow service too. Overall, you're not missing anything. I won't be coming back.
coisa boa rsrs
Drags queens that perform are a little pitchy! But fun place.
mediocre food and slow service. skip.
The Lobster BLT is amazing! Sub the asparagus fries for $2 extra.
Excellent service. Host and staff are friendly and professional. The P&O burger is sinfully good
Zagat says to get the F&Kn Burger. Who am I to argue?
33 oz bloody Mary
The potato pancakes with smoked salmon are amazing!!!!
The Chelsea Breeze is a refreshing and unique cocktail.  The tuna bites and asparagus fries are delicious.
The chicken confit is delish!
Window table, cocktails, asparagus fries.
Very relaxed for the decor. Friendly staff. I liked the lobster BLT and the Blueberry Fashion is a delicious treat. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The 160 Manhattan is a great variation on the classic drink. The calamari appetizer is flavorful but a small portion. The P&O Burger is good but the bun could use some work.
Get the corner table in the back! Ask for Cortney and enjoy the cocktails!!
I'm eating things I've only seen on the food network...
The Cleaver Margarita is unlike anything I've had before. It has a smoky flavor. Give it a try.
Lobster/shrimp corndogs! Good calamari, too.
the Chelsea spot has a 16-ounce burger with blue cheese, pancetta and crispy shallots; a 12-ounce NY strip with french fry mash and chimichurri; and five sauces available by the ounce.
Excellent Malbec wine!!!!!
Lobster roll is outstanding.
The deviled eggs were good, but the loud club music seemed unnecessary.
Lobster corn dogs!!!!!!
The best sushi place! Try the lobster rock 'n roll!
Closest pizzeria to the SI ferry. If you missed the boat, walk over here to get a slice.
Try their baked ziti!
Delicious pizzas (sausage & plain)
I'm sooooo in love with their Chicago pizza, and I'm a natural born New Yorker...so that's hard for me to say lol But I highly reccomend it!
Try the Veal Parm on Thursdays
Very good and fresh seafood spot in the financial district
Great area to eat lunch outside
Great grilled shrimp with brown rice.
Delicious seafood restaurant! Order from Terrace online at foodtoeat.com
I always alternate between the tilapia burrito and fried shrimp & fish.
Go here for Oktoberfest. Seriously the most fun thing ever. Ein prosit!!!!
The freshly baked Brezeln (pretzels) are delicious and do a great job of soaking up all the beer you just drank.
Interesting place, bad service but maybe because we are on an obscure table on a friday
The weisswurst is the best deal for food, the wurstsemmel is pretty good too
The pretzel was a joke - save the money and get another beer
Great atmosphere by night. Try the Schneider weisse!
cash only... nice place
Zum Schneider is an ethical & sustainable beer hall participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Have a beer.
One of the most authentic german beer halls in manhattan. Thrown on some lederhosen, sit outside and order a liter and a pretzel.
$1 off our "Lent-Bock-Beers" from "HB Traunstein" and "Schlenkerla" breweries
Get the Käsespätzle! Mmm, cheesy, noodle-y goodness.
What ever you do... Get here for Karneval!!!!
Great place but rude staffs
Traditional yet unpretentious. Perfect for large, convivial gatherings and choice people watching. The place gets packed, especially during Oktoberfest (but then again, that should be expected).
Only for German WC or Euro games.
A Bavarian bierhaus in the middle of Alphabet Cit. Sommelier Michael Madrigale (Bar Boulud): “Best schnitzel in New York City and my favorite beer on draft, Jever, from Northern Germany.”
The beers!
A good Bavarian beer deserves an authentic brat with it.  Go for the sausage platter and the Weihenstephaner. Thirsty?  Get the large litre mug.
Who needs to drink any other beer when there is Spaten Optimator from Munich here on tap? Dark, strong, fruity, malty, creamy and with a caramel after taste. I love it and this a great German place!
German brews on tap and four in the bottle.
Beware: Cash only. But the Radi, Bretzel and Obatzda are fantastic. And btw, I am German!!!
Get a pretzel. Ein Prosit!!
They only accept cash!
From 9/24 to 10/9, celebrate Oktoberfest with live music, food, and tons of traditional German beers. Get there early - the lines can get long!
The special Pork Shank is crispy perfection on the outside, tender on the inside and comes with great Bavarian sides. Just be prepared, skip lunch if you must to fit this gargantuan serving in!
The pretzels here are the best I've ever had.
Potato pancakes are delicious
My favorite bar in the EV. Used to live across the street.  Pour a little out for 116 @dpmcdono @devinj
Nothing but delicious German beers on tap and authentic German bar fare -- get the 1L Hacker-Pschorr Munich
Never a good sign when you're still starving after you ate their signature burger. "Where's the beef??!!" Comes to mind.
They should add a veggie burger!
The burger's are obviously amazing but the Kobe Dog is a joke! Get it!
Awesome burger! Great meat mixture. Sweet potato fries very good, too.
They take cards---perfect!
No cash, no problem: they take plastic #creditCardWin
FiDi on Thursdays
if you need to put out the fire from the Philly, try a milk shake
Check Twitter for truck location. Locations include: W 55th & 7th Ave, 86th St. & Park Ave., 14th St. & Washington St., Mercer St. & Spring St.,
Great turkey burger...robust in flavor
go for the double classic and strawberry shake!!!
Pleasantly surprised! The classic with cheese was fantastic
The namesake burgers are good. The $6 Kobe hot dog—served on a buttery bun and topped with chili and cheese or apple slaw and jalapeño—is better. One of our 25 favorite food trucks!
Spicey pork
Make it your goal to sample ALL the buns.
The chocolate coronet brought me to another dimension. Delicious!
Try the Black Sesame Macaron - Very very deep black sesame flavor (via @Foodspotting)
love the honey yuzu tea!! :)
Wanna go there.
Ohum.... so nice foood.
I want to eat something nice.
Makan Yuuukkk, maree....
The edamame cheese bread is one of the tastiest breakfast treats I've had for under $3.
Tuna Tataki Salad is impossibly fresh and light and perfect for stupid hot days.  Highlight is the aggressively sassy wasabi dressing.
Some of the freshest, most delicious food near City Hall. Try the homemade tofu or tuna tataki salads, Midori juice and one of the unusual macarons - like goma or matcha.
Cassis Noir is the way to go, or close your eyes and point and you can't go wrong
If you like matcha based baked goods, this is the place for you!
Try the Hot Dog with wasabi.
Fresh an pan in the morning!
The corn mayo bun was very satisfying :)
The strawberry shortcake is absolutely amazing and is the most visually appealing simple cake I've ever seen. Order in advance for a birthday!
A must for those who are nostalgic for tray and tong style Japanese bakeries. Get your tongs on!
Great products but awful service. Not your friendly local bakery.
Get An Pan Man on Sundays only.
Yuzu tea and the matcha crepe....can't go wrong.
Don't miss this place if you're craving some yummy pastries!
The macarons are only $2-2.50 and they're pretty big! Goma is black sesame.
Matcha Latté
The sandwiches are great grabs for lunch.  Staff is super friendly and helpful.  Everything is delicious!  Try them all!
Taste better
Buy Baked Goods, Try Wasabi Rolls and Friend Me.
Jalapeño feta bun is really delicious!
Try the Macarons!
The caramel lattee is delicious! Next time I'm trying the pastries.
poor service because they add 20% tip on your bill automatically.
An absolutely magical tea party! Food is fantastic and the signature lord and lady mendl teas are a must try.
Ladylike tea, complete with the Lady M Crepe cake! The best!
Reservation required, sitting hours, old drawing room feel. Oh and play chess in the foyer while waiting to be seated
There is nothing like Victorian décor to evoke some old fashioned romance. It’s impossible not to be seduced by the exquisite surrounds.
I'm a man and I enjoyed this place as well...not just for women guys...
lovely tea room to hang out with the girls, mums, aunts, mother-in-laws... just about anyone who is female and loves tea time.
The "tea" (tea and five course lunch) was delicious! When you walk in it feels like you're in somebodys gorgeous elegant home. You're served on Lenox china & Wedgdewood flatware, definitely go again!
Wood dragon oolong is great with the candied ginger
Loved the place, great ambiance, food, drink and services. Perfect!
Maybe one of the best burgers and fries I've ever had. The fried cheese and zucchini appetizer is also terrific.
Chicken liver and cavatelli.. So freaking good
Hanger steak.  Foie gras app.  Do it.
The mussels, roasted marrow bones, and grilled pork chop is great here! I was kinda disappointed with the pasta I ordered which was monday special rigatoni.
♥ the burger here. there's something about the pickles... i just can't get enough!
Do the Merry Edwards bottle of wine & ask Miles for 6 shots and tell him Tommy Glide sent u
Seriously. It's like when you have an empty cupboard of food and experiment with what's left... Highly disappointing!
The salad nicoise was great today!
Steaks are the thing here, nicely charred before your eyes behind the bar. The daily pasta specials are great, esp. the bucatini. Lots of kids weekend afternoons, often with celeb parents in tow.
Great steak frites.
avoid the burger.
love everything on the menu, our local fav.  lamb meatballs, bone marrow, fish, steak, individual ice creams for dessert - everything!
Amazing brunch! If you try the Pain Purdu I promise you will never eat french toast anywhere else!
excellent service, delicious food!  i loved the roasted beet salad and the house made ice cream :)
Wow... Wham bam thank u ma'am dinner. Never been rushed out so quickly. 60 minutes start to finish.. With apps, dinner & a bottle... Hmmmm
Ask for Cotten candy! Sometimes it is watermelon flavored.
be sure to order the cotton candy (not on the menu but they have it) and the tiny ice cream cones and profiteroles
Cozy little restaurant with impeccable service is perfect for Lunch, Dinner or Drinks.  You can’t go wrong with their salads, especially the Sauteed Shrimp Salad.
Tribeca is my favorite location. Reasonably priced wine and delicious food. Check out the ground floor bar or, if you're with a large group, the large, circular booth upstairs.
Horrible, slow service with bland food. Never again.
Learn how to make Goat Cheese Profiteroles from the chef Marc Murphy himself! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndxDjoLxAks
Pain perdu. One of the best delicacies my mouth has ever tasted.
Pass in the pork chop. The sides sound alluring, but it's dry and overcooked.
Try the bone marrow.  Don't be scared.   Rich taste.
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this Tribeca favorite and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the ricotta fritters.
Pain perdu all the way. To. Die. For.
Bloody Marys are AWESOME here! The oatmeal and granola are nothing special (no frills). Try something else!
Try the fontina bread with proscuitto.
The new york merlot is not great.
The owner is a very nice man.
The LES is the ancestral home of New York's Jewish culture, and vestiges of that old identity. Read more about LES
Sadly, this place closed down last year...Definitely some of the best food I've had...
omg I love this place...the best pnj SANDWHICHES its not just the average pnj.
Get there either before or after the rush for a full burrito bowl. At peak time servings are skimpy.
Slow down and listen is my advice for the staff. Its not a race to serve the fastest burritos ever!
Use the website or smartphone app and order ahead. It'll be ready before you're there and you cut the line.
Don't get the burrito bowl if you can only finish half of it
You can ask for cilantro for all you cilantro fans out there! They don't present it in the line of food items but they have them in the back.
The slowest Chipotle I've ever been to!
Great for late night eats; open till 11 pm.
Thanks for the tip Dennis
You know the drill on Chipotle.
Mexican for lunch before work....yummie!! With the family is priceless!!!!
Burrito bowl
Place an order before reaching best way to avoid the lines. Love the food
The place is immaculate, and the staggering is super friendly.
Burrito bowl! To die for.
Order via app or online to beat the long lunch lines and go straight to the register to pick up your order.
this is not a place to hone your chipotle skills. know what you want before you get on line.
know what you want the minute you walk in the door
Great salad!  Acceptable prices. Great seating layout. Free refills.
Try the burritos!
The sticky toffee pudding is Australian for dessert! Yum!
Remember Roo from "Winnie the Pooh"? The playful, roly-poly son of warm mamma-roo Kanga? Yeah, well now you can eat him. On skewers. At this Australian spot in Nolita. Oh, the circle of life.
Watch out for the rats in the back of the down under bar during the Grand Final
Aussie burger was a good choice
BEWARE! waitresses add additional $$$ to their tip on credit cards
I have yet to find a burger in NYC that can knock their Aussie burger off my list of favorite meals. Definitely try it.
the bar tender ravi is the best! he always hooks it up and has the banter to match
Coopers in tap! Real Aussie staff, with the attitude. Fries are meh. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Lamb shank was really good (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great staff and great meat pies!
Aussie burger is a must. The pineapple, beet, fried egg, along with the patty, all go so well together. If you're still hungry, order the kangaroo appetizer.
Nice seating area outside in the back.
Good food bad service!!!
Best pies in the city!
Service was bad food was ok. Won't be coming back.
Awesome Australian food. Don’t forget to order an Aussie beer with your kangaroo steak!
Great selection of Australian beer.
This bar smells like a bathroom.
Cooper's sparkling on tap! They also serve an Aussie burger with the lot: beetroot, pineapple, bacon + cheddar.
Guinness, Sierra Neveda Pale Ale, & Stella on tap...go for the prawns!
Try the kangaroo skewers for an appetizer. Super tender and tasty meat. You will not be disappointed. Also, the pavlova and sticky date pudding are a must for dessert!
Meh. Not expensive but still not worth the price.
For the real Aussie experience, you can't go past the fish and chips (some of the best I've had, even in Australia!). Pair it with a Coopers, or a malborough sav blanc if you don't drink beer. Perfect
They don't have proper wedges with sweet chili and sour cream :(
Awesome hole in the wall bar. Grab a beer here while waiting for a table at cafe habana
Happy hour 5-8pm.... 4 bucks on draft and 5 on the Wine, don't tell anyone! Shh.
Kitchen open til midnight
The burger with the lot is awesome. Chocolate cake is good too : not too sweet. One of my fav late night food places in soho
Meat pie with fries and a cold Coopers - what could be better
$27.50 for three fish tacos, a Guinness and a glass of wine. Take that, recession. <irony>
After receiving many accolades for her cooking at The Harrison, Amanda Frietag used her CIA knowledge to redeem herself on the Next Iron Chef Redemption.
The Harrison Schmaltz Fries with Malt Aioli
Make some new friends at the bar. Go bold, try out a BULLDOG cocktail.
For those swanky meals that feel casual.
Great cocktails and the bartenders ate super friendly
um...EGGPLANT CROQUETTES.
The Harrison355 Greenwich St (at Harrison St), New York, NY 10013
Try the ricotta cavatelli - delicious! The braised pork shank and truffled orzo are excellent too.
Go for the grilled octopus and happy hour Rock Face Mendocino cab.
The skate wing is a house specialty. With good reason.  Pair it with the duck-fat fries and you will leave with a huge smile on your face.
Every 6 months or so the human body craves a skillet calves liver.  It resets the vitals arouses the senses and feeds the soul. This is the place to get it.
Casual and relaxed with great food. Various salads and salmon were absolutely delicious. Broccoli rabe was bad to an unacceptable degree, not sure wtf happened there. Will go again.
Recommend the pork shank.
Have the cheeseburger!
A place past its prime; mediocre at best. Expect inattentive service & okay food. Noise levels are also surprisingly high in the dining room.
Two words: birthday cake
Try the crispy sweetbreads!  Delicious.
always reliably good food. upscale yet warm atmosphere. have not had Jimmy Bradley's menu yet...
So you can cook chicken at home. You can't cook it better than Jimmy Bradley. Enjoy.
music is fantastic
Cozy and warm restaurant.  Try the steamed manila clams, the grilled port chop and save room for the housemade éclairs.
Ice cream brownie sandwich will make you leave behind mr softee cartwheels.
what is better than duck fat fries??also skate is to die for.
The best restaurant!!!
Yes, the pork. And get the fries!
Duck fat fries and the crispy troutling small bites.  Get them. They rock.
Looking for a tasty, medium-bodied white wine?  Try one from the Spanish island of Mallorca - based on the rare prensal blanc variety, it's a great value for $38. A good find on the list.
get the avocado-grapefruit salad to start. or for lunch. you'll be glad u did. also the vodka selection is eclectic, fun.
Omg...just order the pork. Just do it.
Octopus & reisling : out of this world
Adicionando outra dica...
For starters, I recommend the amazing swordfish. As an entrée, the Bacalao Negro is just absolutely, incredibly, unforgettably FANTASTIC. The kind of dish that you will remember years from now.
Food was great but not as authentic as I would have expected.
Sit in the botaneria area for a cheaper menu with many of the same great items
Let's get to business..the menu.. try..wood-smoked clams in tequila sauce, tuna tamalito with serrano-pepper coleslaw, bacon-wrapped jumbo shrimp in chipotle sauce, dorado in a tamarind-arbol pepper
Food is AWESOME, and ambiance transports far away from Mid-town. One of my all time favorites
Happy hour! Every Friday | May 25- Labor Day | 3-7 PMIn the BotaneriaWelcome your weekend early with Happy Hour starting at 3 PM every Friday
$2 tacos! Every Tuesday | 5 PM-CloseIn Pampano's Street-Level Botaneria
Get seated at their terrace space, if weather permits.  Two thumbs up..
Tacos & a fresh salsa bar for $3. Delicioso
Their Mexican small plates are called "botanas." The botanas you'll want are the tacos w/ slow-simmered-then-fried pork.
Delicious prix fixe business lunch.  Bright and airy decor with an interesting menu.  Reasonably priced as well for the area. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It's a street-level job packing 100 wines from Latin America, 150 tequilas, mescals, south-of-the-border brewdogs, and fresh fruit sangrias fortified with the likes of pisco and schnapps
The shrimp (camaròn) taco is so small!
Love is bloom: New York City Restaurants to spend Valentine’s Day http://exm.nr/w4dR4C
Unwrapping more holiday deals: New York City Restaurants serving a second helping. http://exm.nr/ryng1B
The Good: The food is amazing, even the salad was one of the best I've ever had. The Bad: Really, really expensive. The Verdict: Worth every penny. http://www.mecritic.com/places/place/652878/Pampano
Great food but not always nicest staff
Good happy hour - 5pm to 7pm
Smoked Swordfish dip is a MUST just excellent.....
Hibiscus Margarita and Guacomole w/chips are the must-haves!  Muy deliciosa!
Fish tacos and pulled pork tacos are delish!
Try the Camarón taco at this lunch-only spot, filled with sweet and succulent adobo-sautéed shrimp. It's one of NYC's 26 best tacos!
With $5 apps & $4-6 drinks M-F from 5-7pm, Pampano has one of the best HH's in midtown E! Tonight, they have FREE margaritas 'til 8pm!!
wonderful mahi mahi ceviche
Swordfish dip and hibiscus margaritas are a must.
Overall, great atmosphere and cocktails. The Bacalao Negro (black cod - Entree) is UNBELIEVABLE! Save 30% by booking here: http://bit.ly/its5CC
a bit pricey for what you get, but the rooftop deck is worth it... the sampler with guacamole and smoke swordfish dip is fantastic! ceviche is good, too...
Hottest habanero salsa on the planet. Also the crunchiest chips. Unless you have a soundproof helmet, eating them in the office is gonna turn some (less-fortunate) heads.
MmmmMmmmmMmmmm if you want some yummy home cooking tasting tacos
Pescado tacos with Mahi Mahi tempura are amazing!
If you want an over priced, dry hamburger, just go to mcdonalds...
Huge portions! They do charge a sharing fee. But never had a bad meal, and been able to eat 3 more meals off the leftovers from 1 meal. Service was quick and courteous.
This place blows chunks
The filet of bison is outstanding.
Eat the duck. It is phenomenal.
Great bartenders. Champagne + St Germain = Bliss. Awesome food, too, if a tad sceney - lots of botoxed faces. Must. NOT. Emote.
enjoyed my foie grass!
The Surf and Turf as well as the Ceasar salad are amazing!!!!
Can’t go wrong with the Maryland Crabcakes!
Take the Grand Marnier souffle, the best in the world!!!
@ The Four Seasons restaurant
Save room for Pastry Chef Chris Brobergs desserts!
The food never disappoints, but to be honest, we come for the scene. This is one of New York’s quintessential “power” restaurants–huge deals get made and the most special of occasions fêted here.
The ulitmate gold stadard for fine dining,
Get the duck!
Sit in the pool room and order the filet mignon with cauliflower, sherry-mustard sauce.  It's divine!
Request 'The Pool Room" and if it's your B-Day, let them know in advance...they'll have a special surprise for your dessert!
This is the quintessential Manhattan power lunch, where the movers and shakers, wheelers and dealers, Wall Street bankers and Madison Avenue advertisers, have been coming for years.
Grill Room at lunch time is where the power elite dine for sure.  Enjoy a Bloody Mary while you people watch. For dinner, wild salmon brilliantly flavored with a cornucopia of peppers is your choice.
You must get the quail. And the potato puree, obviously. If you ask nicely, they will bring you an extra serving for dessert.
Great place for a birthday celebration. The service was impeccable, the soufflé', phenomenal, then surprise! Cotton Candy!!
Check out the Wine List on the IPAD
Don't miss it!!! Amazing both the food and the place!!
the best atmosphere...
Take a power lunch amongst Manhattan's elite— from business moguls to celebrities, you never know who might be at the next table. Don't forget to explore the restaurant's rich art history.
Although Ivanka Trump says that lunch is “more work-oriented,” she still finds time for a delicious “power lunch” at the Four Seasons restaurant on East 52nd Street.
my friend saw Martha Stewart there when she was having dinner on Thanksgiving night
Kevin Sbraga loves this place! -Kevin Sbraga, Top Chef
Odyoo NYC Favorite: Be sure to ask for a seat at the counter and start with a glass of champagne.
Eat at the counter to have a great view of the kitchen. It's expensive, but then for a special day why not?
Try the eel and foie gras terrine, and the tempura fried poached egg with three kinds of caviar.  Also, the amadai is worthy of a mention as well!
The cook of the fish is unforgettable, you forget everything while savoring... Great!
Had the sliders which eclipsed the burger at DB Bistro Moderne! Enthusiastic and helpful Sommelier as well :)
meat combo is my favorite...hot sauce is spicy so beware!
CHEESE? TOSSTED?
Very busy at lunch..but move fast
Combosodachip?
Slowest subway. Ever.  Go somewhere else.
No free refills at this place. Just a basic 1980s diner. A little pricey. Hash and two eggs $11.
Awesome food....get the drunken noodles or dancing chicken....just beware of the spice!!!!
Delicious Pad Thai!!
Best Drunken Noodles in the world
Should make a reservation before...wish I could try it :( by the way I'm Thai...
Excellent curries and outstanding Thai dumplings.
Pretty good Thai and cheap lunch specials. The portions are actually generous so you can definitely get away with sharing...which nets out to like $5/person. You'll pay more for a latte.
Best pad Thai ever! Everything was amazing! Right down to them playing spice girls. Great staff too. I'll definitely be back!
Slower service, but worth the wait because food is great!  Try the winter shrimp, the flavors work well together. The crying tiger is a good entree to try, and despite the heat label, is not too spicy
The service is always TERRIBLE but the food keeps me coming back.
Ask for the Drunken Noodle "not spicy". Chicken and Tofu are my favorite with this dish.
didn't think i'd find any exceptional Thai in midtown, but the drunk noodles are to die for.
Best Pad Thai I've ever had
Awesome pad thai!
Small place but great food
Missing salty crabs for the Papaya salad, but still a good salad... :) Enjoy your dinner/lunch!
Drunken Noodles are my fav... But that's for entrees... Appetizer - must MUST have the Coco Calamari! The ribs are good too... Recently discovered the Papaya salad pretty good, its just missing salty
Good food. Pretty good ambiance too...see if you can get the corner seat for two by the window and away from the crowd! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
HUGE portions, so it may be best to share!
Delicious Thai food. Go for dinner! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for the table by the window
Love the styrofoam appetizers.
Try the Lovely Golden Nest noodles & Drunken Noodles
The drunken noodles are the best!
This is the best Thai food I've ever had in my life. And I've had a lot. Amazing noms for the right price. RESERVATIONS RECOMMENDED. Especially at lunch! It's hoppin'!
Friendly staff, fast service, low prices, great taste, awesome location.
The drunken noodles are amazing.
Amazing food! I love the thai iced tea!
a gem. come here post massage at Dorit Baxter's around the corner
The iced coffee is righteous.
Try the topaz fried rice, & drunken noodle! Two of the best items on the menu!
Salad toppings out all day and near the door. Pretty sure my food poisoning was from the salad I got from this place
They offer discounts for The Container Store employees! 10%off :-)
Discount if u work for Bloomberg. The company, not the mayor.
Chicken Parmesan sandwich taste awful
Free WiFi!!
The salad options here are fantastic. Unlimited toss ins? Great idea!
lattes suck ... pure and simple
Get a sample taste of soup before you order it! They're really friendly about it.
Unlimited toppinggs for ur salad :)
Do not get the Vegetarian sandwich. It tasted like it had been sitting out all day, even the pickle sucked.
Great fries !
Chicken Parm sandwiches are tasty!
Rip off! I paid $4.50 for a sandwich, and now $5, the next week?! Fuck that!
Wild Mushroom Lasagna is divine.
Mushroom panini is great!
Nice little place with good coffee. However the food is pricey.
Only place by mount sinai with bubble tea!
Chipotle filet mignon panini is the best thing you can get, but the homemade brownies are a gutbomb of delicious richness.
New prepared food shop opened by Howard Cheng ex-Exec Chef of Guy and Gallard offering breakfast lunch dinner and sunday brunch. Excellent paninis salads sandwiches entrees.
The best fried brown rice!
The food here is delicious and it isn't overpriced at all.
Green chicken curry.yum:-)
Nice place, much better thai than you can get in midtown
Very kind people and sweet, and definitely convenient for ppl who live around the area. Nice and quiet place.
Basil veges and brown rice! Mmmmmmmmm!
Best Thai lunch special in east Harlem. You get 10% off your meal if you show your Mt. Sinai ID.
Good, fresh food but overpriced.
Good, fresh food but overpriced.
Eye this place everytime I pass. Has anyone tried it?
Excellent pineapple fried rice and veggie duck entree!
Try the pineapple fried rice and the jasmine tea!!
Japanese chef is in the house. I like the homemade dishes, such as the agedashi tofu.
The air conditioner was broken, my ice cream became and unwanted milk shake. No
This place reeks of armpits. The employees seriously need to shower :\
Best icecreams ever! N tz always warm in here
Ashante is the sweetest girl here!!
Cake Batter is the best ice cream on earth.
Try the samples of everything and pretend you don't like it then leave, you should be satisfied.
This is an official Nickelodeon Parents' Picks Award Nominee!Powered by ParentsConnect.com
Pure burrito-sauce love. Someone give me the recipe.
Ps ask for cilantro & onion instead of lettuce and tomato on your taco.
The lengua taco is excellent. Skip their al pastor though.
This is the taco truck that sits at the corner of 86th and Lexington, had to give it the Best Buy address as it's a "moving target". Call the num. listed if they aren't there.
Also try Union Square West @ 14th Street
fantastic taco al pastor, tortas, tlacoyos, sopes and huaraches.  however, they now put lettuce and tomatoes on the tacos (thanks for this, taco bell) instead of the cilantro/onions of old.  you have
Penn Station's preeminent oyster bar. If you're having oysters in Penn Station don't settle for second best
Ice cold beer
Great service...and their waffle fries are delicious!!!
Great service, just as I remember it way back in 1991, my last visit to Tracks when I ordered an amazing and straight up Margarita! Almost as good ad the one I'm currently experiencing yummy!
Coldest beer after a long walk great Lobster Bisque and freshest Oysters
Such good food! Unexpected  place for penn!
Drinking beer today but usually the dirty martinis are pretty good!
Whoever thinks this place is overpriced has never paid for a drink in NYC, let alone this hood. Generous pours, reasonable prices, and buy backs!
A hidden culinary gem in the wasteland of Penn Station – stop in for ice-cold beer, awesome bartenders, a great raw bar, delicious calamari and shrimp cocktail.
Without a doubt, the lobster ravioli is the best thing on the menu, other than the raw bar.
Bar tenders are assholes! They hate their job and their lives…
Bartenders are assholes. Take forever to get a drink. Overpriced.
Chicken wings are to die for.
Great oysters, burgers, sweet potato fries, pork chops, mango soft shell crab salad!
Guinness and (oysters or wings). Great bartenders.
Lobster. Rav. I. O. Lo.
Theresa the bartender has never failed to greet me like an old friend. I've been here more often than I've checked in.
Best Guinness in the city!!! Sweet potato fries and the oysters are not to be missed
Service with a smile!
Surrounded by fast food restaurants in Penn Station, Tracks caught our eye quickly – and we’ll be coming back! Not only does it look like a train car, but Tracks is can’t miss with great drink special
I used to loathe waiting for a train in Penn Station until Tracks opened.  Award winning Guinness and excellent bartenders, particularly Liam and Nev.
Best Guinness pour in the city!
Table 13 is sticky icky, yo.
john is the bees knees of bartenders!
The girls are hot and friendly - the drinks and food EXCELLENT!
Order the New England clam chowder in the bread bowl, and drink several pints of Guinness.
I tried this place on 3/2/2011 and fell in love with the bartender Nev!  So cute with his dimples!!!!
Waitresses are soooo nice.
Fantastic New England Clam Chowder
Good raw bar, reasonable beer selection, and reasonable prices.  The only problem is the cleaning supplied they use - leave a nasty smell and when the place isn't too crowded it can be overpowering.
This place was actually pretty good. Good pizza for a really great price
It's actually really good pizza.
Not cheap but worth it. Kobe w/ mushrooms&onions add bacon it's perfect.
Came here with high expectation and was not disappointed: amazing Kobe burger and delicious sweet potato fries!
1/2 Sirloin Burgers = DELISH!
white cheddar on the burgers - SO good! really good sweet potato fries as well
Best veggie burger in the city!!!
If you can tolerate the pile of misery and unfriendliness at the counter, the burgers are actually excellent.
This is one of the best burger in Manhattan, both Sirloin and Kobe beef. And the fries are a must. Worth the wait.
Kobe burger is righteously good
Don't overlook the juicy chicken breast sandwich.  Sweet potato fries required. Can't go wrong w/ burger.  Portuguese bun is insane - @foodpusher
I have to say- guys behind the counter arguing, waited 15 minutes for a burger, maybe that colored my experience. Not great.
Sliders are to die for
Fan bloody tastic.. What a great find and reasonably priced
Take a bit out of a burger at #StaffPick Zaitzeff if you're by City Hall Park.
Amazing Kobe Beef Burger
Has to be the juciest burger in NYC - get the kobe beef with avocado. Not cheap though.
Best burgers in the hood! $3 beers are wassup
Kobe burger is the best in the hood
Good sirloin burger and fries. Comfortable space. LOUD jazz. More filling than you's expect. Burger, fries and soda came out to $16.
Gas is skyhigh and your eating 20$ hamburger?? Yuppie burger king
The veggie burger is the best!
Go for the burgers, not for the fries, they are terrible.
best sweet potato fries ever!!
A Financial District treat. Burgers with a twist.
best burgers ever!!
Slightly pretentious, totally delicious.
Still the best burger in NYC!!!!
$3 beers
I love this place, and I don't even eat beef. Their turkey burgers and sweet potato fries are so yummy, as is their egg and cheese sandwich w/ tomato and avocado.
All bottle beers 3 bux!
The sweet potato fries are phenomenal! Yummm!
habanero mano bbq pulled pork equals taste explosion
Save room for their mango mochi. It actually tastes like fresh mango unlike many other mango flavored desserts.
Wow! Unmarked entrance. Modern decor. Uber creative yet incredible flavors.  Rather expensive and very small but perfectly designed portions. The most unique and delicious Japanese resto. 5 ★s!
Don't come here if you have somewhere to be within 3 hours of your reservation time.
Do not to make your reservation based upon when you want to arrive, but based on when you want to leave as the service at McDonalds allows for more appreciation! Try Jewel Bako instead
Michelin 2012 ★★
Everything uni and truffle is worth an order here. Or combined the two with the indulgent, 4-star Lobster w/ Uni Mousse.
Get a seat at the bar, and order one of the omakase options and/or any/everything with "uni" in the name (even if you usually hate uni!)
Excellent - amazing steamed lobster, omakase sushi, snapper carpaccio.  Served us way too much sake. Their fault, not ours for ordering too much!  :) (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This place from decorations to services feel very authentic. Typical Tokyo style. While the food is fresh and tasty, it is not traditional Japanese cuisine. It has a modern touch.
impeccable sushi.  love all the apps..miso soup w/ lobster...scallop sushi plus anything fresh that day. top 5 sushi spot in city (maybe even top 3)
two Michelin stars:  dishes like chopped kampachi amber jack with wasabi tobiko, pine nuts, & soy foam. Pitch-perfect chawanmushi and bonkers plate of uni tempura.
The understated and sign-less exterior is tricky to spot. Come for the uni though--it’s Soto’s raison d'être. Good to know: The seats at the sushi counter are the best in the house.
Two Michelin stars.
fluke sashimi
Get the lobster and mango appetizer, the tuna tartare, and the sushi nigiri...best sushi I've had outside of Japan
Try the Uni Tempura - Have to have this!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Steamed Lobster With Uni Mousse - Looked like a flower and tasted very good (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cyutoro Tartare - Another must have dish  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Uni Ika Sugomori Zukuri - A must have dish!!! So different  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Wild Snapper Carpoccio - A little bit sour nice presentation!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Uni Ika Sugomori Zukuri - A must try. A bit of sweet and crunch from ika (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pink Wild Trout Carpaccio - :) good combination  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Miso Soup - Made with lobster and uni :) heaven!!  (via @Foodspotting)
This discreetly hidden and modern Japanese restaurant is quite expensive but you’ll be rewarded with culinary masterpieces…Omakase is the way to go.
2 star Michelin rated!
For the best experience, speak the word omakase. Whether you’re doing the full monty or just sushi or sashimi, put yourself in the meticulous chef’s hands. - Inspector
Meticulously put together edibleness. Tiny and pungent flavors provide a savory light meal. In other words awesome food.
I like turtles
NY. Elegant and fresh downtown sushi spot. Our must-haves Steamed Lobster With Uni Mousse and the sushi omakase.
Try the Uni Tempura and spot it on Foodspotting!
Wi-Fi Password: 1111111111 (10 1's)
The Bi Bim Bop on the Hot Stone plate is a serving size for ONE. And there music selection will always be Korean Pop Music.
The tofu stew is the way to go. Also, just enjoy the K-pop videos. They're awesome!
The tofu stews here are fantastic and in good portions
Food is good, but I'd come back here for one thing and one thing alone: Korean pop music vids. Sit by the t.v., you won't regret it.
Ask to be seated towards the front of the restaurant so you don't have to deal w/ k-pop blaring in your ears the whole time. Same owner as So Gong Dong in NJ!
The classic Tofu with beef is my favorite.
Best Korean food in the East Village!
Soondooboo is why you came here
70% liquor until 4/14
70 percent off on liqueur from now until April 15th !!!!
Great Korean in the east village. Very few Korean in this neighborhood. This newly opened one has great service. Try their pancake and pan fried dumplings!
¡Bibimbap! I <3 this place.
Great food and great service.
Can't go wrong with soondubu chigae.:)
Their soup is lighter than most tofu places but it is still flavorful and good!
K-town is nice, but NY Tofu house is close and equally delicious.  Recommend the seafood pancake. They even let you earn points towards free appetizers, soondubu, and Korea BBQ!
No need to go to k-town for great Korean food.  The  Dolpan Bi Bim Bop is great. Bonus they give free kimchi! Yum
TGIF! Have you ordered your special Golden Krust Easter Bun as yet! http://www.facebook.com/GoldenKrustBakery
Get the Avocado tartare, roti Canai, and Vietnamese stir fry -- you can't go wrong!
Get the hot spiced bean curd with red onions from the small dishes menu. It's amazing for vegetarians and omnivores alike. So yummy, with great texture.
If you don't get the yam fries, you stupid.
Great, slightly nicer and exotic vegetarian restaurant.
Try the grilled oyster mushrooms & fresh asparagus - it's awesome!
Try the Passionfruit Creme Brulee (via @Foodspotting)
Yo, where the meat at?
Gobo is a favorite of not only Joshua but many New Yorkers alike. Stop in for a quiet lunch or come for dinner when the space is crowded and lively.
NE rolls were the only thing worth it! The spore mai fan n vietnamese noodle were doused in oil n tasteless. Go to Soy & sake or Bloom cafe if u really want gud tasty Vegan food in the City.
Vegetarian won-ton soup for the soul.
This place is a-mazing! I always get the chopped romaine salad + seitan skewers. Makes my taste buds explode into party mode!
The butternut squash risotto rhymes with orange.
overrated vegetarian food. restaurant was too hot, food was slow. definitely pass.
Svinbra veganmat. Ät något seitan-baserat för bra känsla i mage och mun.
Svinbra veganmat. Ät något seitan-baserat.
Even better than Charlie Mom's. Two NYC locations to choose from, West Village and Upper East Side.
The butternut squash risotto wasn't all that great. The hummus was delicious. The server looked like she was a bit annoyed.
Pinotage wine, plz
Fantastic stuffed mushroom caps with mashed sweet potatoes and raisins!
This place is amazing! I feel like vegan food tends to taste the same at most restaurants, but the food here has unique, tasty favors. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great vegetarian meals. Get the grilled pineapple for dessert and thank me later.
great vegetarian for people afraid of food with a face on it.
Pass on the Bejing-style seitan. Flavorless and rubbery.
We're so excited to have Gobo be a part of Ecorazzi Eats Restaurant Week, Oct 12-19, 2011!
My favorites: Try the scallian pancake with mango chutney, spice tofu rolls with mango puree and the Vietnamese stir fry noodles with bean sprouts are pretty amazing.
A great healthy restaurant all Fall IINto Action conference participants should try! Check out our NYC healthy restaurants guide for more info.
Moo Shu vegetables are great, also tofu in black bean sauce
Try the crispy spinach
Great vegan option for a meal in the village. A bit too dark for a lunch break though!
mmm...Slow-Cooked Malaysian Curry
Order the breakfast pancake and miso maple salmon head.
Go in a big group and order everything. ...
Sushi is stellar, don't share with others.
Sushi is stellar, don't share with others
Arctic Char, Uni with Steak Tartare, Unagi Pork roll, breakfast pancake, maki tempura, and everything else too
Gabe Stulman’s Little Wisco empire moves on from Italian and New American to tackle Japanese bar food. As telegraphed by the name, authenticity takes a backseat to creativity at this upbeat izakaya.
Offers sushi and traditional Japanese dishes, as well as things like Brussels sprouts with apples, crispy chicken with kimchi, and a grilled cheese sandwich made with smoked cheddar and foie gras
Get the caviar on toast, and chopped beef/uni sushi. Delicious!
Gabe Stulman's latest west village spot, which he described as "an inauthentic version of a Japanese izakaya". Dishes like crispy chicken and kimchi, and foie gras smoked cheddar grilled cheese.
For drinks: Midnight In Her Eyes to start the dinner. Rittenhouse rye, Amaro Montenegro, cherry hazelnut bitters. Coats mouth with sweetness.
Maki tempura, beef tartare: delicious. Spanish Mackerel is a melt-in-your-mouth heavenly bite.
Killer non-traditional sushi. The beef tongue and artic char are winners.
Get the char, the pork belly and eel roll, and the pancakes
Two must dishes: Cod fritters and smoked Arctic char (it tastes like bacon fish!)
Drop by and check out the latest addition to little wisco
Cafe Spice now serving Indian food daily starting 11/14/11
Try the Salad Flats on Tuesdays! One of the VERY few yummy things they make here...
If nothing else 1) Its a great place to eat your lunch, great garbor view 2) The warm cornmeal with coconut milk porridge is to die for, u can add fixins from the oatmeal bar... All for 99 cents!
Best restaurant of all time. Hands down. No comparison.
Come for the flanken, stay for the fun
ey Elton, leave a tip at Sammy's Roumanian Steakhouse:
If you are finding out about this place via foursquare, you aren't the target audience.   The ambience of a church basement bingo hall with park avenue prices.
$55 Prix Fixe buys you all the potatoes (+meat) you can eat. $300 buys you a bottle of Vodka in ice. So, just bring like $101 and you'll be fine. Also, try the Hora. It's fun.
Just plain absurd
Don't forget the gravy. It make the mashed potato taste fabulous
Never laughed so hard. Great place.
I dream about their chopped liver! (When I'm not dreaming about Dani Love)
like nothing else in this world
like nothing
Honestly one of the bet birthday party spots in the city. You and your friends won't regret it!
It's not about the food, it's the overall experience. Get the souped-up chopped liver. Yes, Dani Luv is schmaltzy, but he's got a funny schtick.
Try the chopped liver, stuffed cabbage and rib steak. And needless to say, the vodka in ice for the total experience!
A guaranteed good time filled w delicious Roumanian food. Be sure to try out the chopped liver! When was the last time you heard someone say *that*?!
One of the most fun dinners I've had. Guy on the piano is incredible. You'll end up eating more food than you can imagine, drinking more vodka than humanly possible, and dancing with total strangers!
The latkas and steak are amazing, but the best part is the entertainment on Fri, Sat, and Sunday nights
Gotta get the vodka in ice. Crack food to the max
Say it's your friend's Bar Mitzvah. Better yet, say it's his Bris. You will not regret this decision.
Steer clear of the mashed potatoes!
Everything about this place is awesome. Especially the DJ.
Don't forget to dance
Eric is a great great waiter!steaks were unbelievable!
Dani Love is a bad motherfucker
Get ready to eat! The servings are huge. The waitstaff are great and willing to give their recommendations. Get a t-shirt to remember your evening by! You'll need a size larger then when you came :)
THE BEST STEAK
The Romanian steak is wonderful
Jewish comfort food with a lot of kitsch.  The chopped liver and the egg creams are delicious.
Another fun thing: have the egg cream.  The waiter makes it in front of you;  chocolate syrup and seltzer and all over the table is a great way to end your dinner. :)
Order the chopped liver and watch the waitstaff make it fresh at your table!
Korean and Cabaza tacos are amazeballs. Horchata is legit.
One of the few Oaxaca locations that serves burritos, try the Chorizo!
Don't eat meat? Frijoles tacos hit the spot. Get two and a horchata.
Cheap and decent tacos when you're in a hurry. Carnitas tacos were pretty good. But $6 for 2 tacos is hard to beat!
With pinche and tacombi so close, there is no reason to go here. Skip this spot.
Chicken enchiladas. Pretty good. 10 bucks. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The steak and pork taco was okay. Nothing special. However, the fish and chicken taco was delicious and I recommend it!! For those who like rice milk and cinnamon, their horchata is one of the best.
Shrimp enchiladas are awesome! Also check out the specials. Outdoor seating in a cozy cul-de-sac.
Pork plato + horchata.
I think the braised pork was by far the best!
Their corn is insulting.
STUDENTS: Get $2 tacos on Monday-Thursday 4-7 pm!More at CampusClipper.com!
Korean taco. Boom
Great $5 burrito that is perfectly assembled.
Solid hotchata here. I'm not super crazy about the tacos but they'll do. (steak!)
Best burritos yet!  Get the chorizo n u can't go wrong
The most decent horchata I have found so far in Manhattan! Almost transports me back to LA
BYOB. Bring a six pack, indulge in the delicious chicken mole tacos, then hit st mark's to cap off the night.
Nice & quiet place w/ outdoor seating to enjoy some tacos + enchiladas :)
Always super quiet, because it's like hidden away in an alley, but the Korean Taco is the jam.
If you're a vegetarian, order the classic burrito w/ potato. Throw some Cholua on it and wash it down with a mango jarritos.
Tucked away at the end of the tiny alley of Extra Place, this cute little taco place won't last long with the amount of foot traffic it gets. Get a steak or shrimp quesadilla; skip the sour cream.
It's cash only
Little known fact: The enchiladas are where it's at.
Try the Korean taco
Their lunch specials are great, fast delivery, enchiladas rock.
Special tacos. Cool place
rdubin@syr.edu
Great guac. True to form LA style mexi street food. Good stuff.
Tacos bigger than normal: lunch special (2+rice/beans) for $8 is a good deal. Don't miss the Korean Taco special.
No seating. But the ratio of price/tastiness is best in the hood - $4 sandwiches! Their turnover is like nothing I have ever seen.
Smoked Tuna = Yum!
Lots of great lunch options, but unfortunately they are cash only.
Fantastic lunch spot! Quick and easy place to get a delicious deli sandwich.
Best tuna melt ever!
Really cheap and good. But they need turkey Bacon.
They need turkey bacon..
Heads up. They have great prices, but are cash only.
2 words- scallion cream cheese
They are actually cheaper than green cafe around the corner. That's why I like this place
Don't get bubble tea here. It's terrible and the tapioca is always frozen and hard.
Really good milk tea here. No menu just ask!
Quite a unique boutique hotel, creative, artistic and modern. Nice garden and pool, great bars (Jimmy and Treehouse), amazing restaurant (David Burke's The Kitchen). Yet small rooms, non-noise proof
Great hotel! Order room service from David Burke Kitchen!
The corner rooms are definitly the pick, with floor to ceiling windows and great cityscape views towards Tribeca.
Forget the fact that this place was on Conde Naste Traveller magazine's 2011 hotel list – it’s ALL about the bar here. The rooftop bar, Jimmy’s, gives you 360-degree views of the Manhattan skyline
Have friends meet you in the lobby for cocktail hour and enjoy some complimentary wine & cheese before you head out.
Get a corner room. It's worth it.
The James New York Hotel’s Sundays in SoHo savings http://exm.nr/JrrUJd
David Burke Kitchen has one of the best Mac&Cheeses in Manhattan. They charge extra 5 bucks for the room svc. (except for service charge) The location is ok but I may not come here again.
Instead of sacking the mini-bar straight, you get all the matériel you need to make five cocktails: The Marguerita, Old Havana, Blood & Sand, Moscow Mule, and Corpse Reviver 2.
The St. James New York and Chicago Hotels are growing green http://exm.nr/GYoAbf
Bedbugs all over the penthouse. No wonder they didn't want us to stay here. Ruined the entire night.
Just evacuated the penthouse because of bedbugs. Never staying here again!
BASIC ass hotel that can't follow through with simple party arrangements...if you are here for an event...run before they steal your money!
THE COUNTESS WOULD NEVER PUT UP WITH THIS SHIT!!
Don't plan a birthday here. One management team won't communicate with the other, and kick everyone out, threatening no refund... FUCK THE JAMES.
Never stay here. Rude. Awful. Hateful.
Great hotel, funky roof bar, happy staff. Building was designed as Condos so not enough lifts, check your bill for random $200 charges from Jimmy's roof bar
woken up to the guy in the next room calling his wife, at 6am. V friendly staff, rooms are like The Standard - glass shower looking into the bedroom
Fabtastic rooftop bar, and a great place to stay
If you have prepaid your room, make sure they don't place an additional hold on your card for the full value of your stay!
Ridic pricey drinks.
Don't overlook the keyboard keys artwork on the wall of the lobby stairs.
The James is vertically bookended by David Burke Kitchen, the basement restaurant, and Jimmy, a rooftop cocktail bar from the team behind the West Village's chic Hotel Griffou.
The place makes you want to order the fennel hay roasted chicken for two with a pair of Genesee cream ales or some bison tartare and rabbit hunter (bourbon, ginger beer, mint, lime) cocktails. Enjoy.
Fly
Order up a round of Manhattans and let the sweeping views of the good parts of New York into your life for one brief evening.
Great all-day buffet in the lobby!
check out the art on each floor of the hotel ... really cool!
Reminder to self, do not get brunch food here
Brittany is the best. Someone give her a raise for being awesome.
The hot falafel warp and chicken bacon sandwich rock! Super nice staff, even threw in popcorn to try
It's true-- some of the nicest people ever are on staff. Sit by the window on a weekend for quality people-watching.
The upstairs here is sort of a   Lounge. It's got a huge table and tons of seating.
It doesn't really matter what you get as long as you back it up with lemonade and miso.
Spun the wheel and got me a free lunch, woot. Love the staff!
The upstairs lounge area is great.  A little bit of a low ceiling, but it's pretty nice, sort of like what you look for in a Starbucks.  EMPTY in the AM.
Staff is comprised of incompetent idiots - never coming back to this location ever again
Employees are very slow in the morning - with your order and mentally...
Really decent oatmeal for breakfast
They use organic whole milk and don't charge extra for soy or skim
Hey Pret if you're going to close early you might put up a fucking sign or something.
Great seating upstairs
Bestest lunch evah when you come here.
Awesome staff!!!! :-)
Some of the friendliest staff I've ever seen at a place. Impressive.
They need to chill with the cilantro. It's on everything!
The ppl that work here are amazing and so nice.
Shrimp and Sausage Gumbo is awesome!
Get everything - it will be fresh and amazing.
Moroccan lentil soup is so awesome. They give a multigrain roll with it. Ask for the complimentary organic butter for the roll!
The buffalo chicken wrap is delish and somehow only 290 cals! Love this place despite the price you can end up paying for what is grab-n-go food.
I like to get the oatmeal in the morning, and the wraps + salads are pretty good
Very friendly staff here
The Shrimp & Cilantro wrap is filling, refreshing and healthy!  (In that same order)
Egg Salad sandwich with arugula - yum! Love that they post calories too. In the morning they serve egg salad + bacon or sun-dried tomato in warm baguette and it is absolutely delicious!
Read 'Good Stuff' - excellent reason to eat here and support the business. I had no idea...
Do yourself a favor and get the Spicy Shrimp & Cilantro wrap. Low calorie goodness and it's tasty!
Just opened and they are giving away free lunch :) address is 24 w.23rd its not on here yet but the geolocation looks right.
Don't get the honeydew melon gelato. Sounds better than it tastes!
A real Italian coffee bar. No seats. Try some melted hot chocolate in your espresso.
Got a free prossecco here  by checking in at @eataly (not manzo) was a huuge glass. I was impressed!
You have until Feb. 26th 2012 to enjoy Mike Toscano's cooking in this part of Manhattan, then you'll have to brave the west village and support his new adventure.
Lovely but expensive for the quality.  Wait staff distracted with each other and oddly inattentive to the clientele.  Can do better in new york for food and wine
Help support Chef Mario Batali’s charity Mario Batali Foundation through FOOD & WINE’s “Chefs Make Change” program!  Click to donate www.foodandwine.com/donate
代官山にもあるEatlyのレストラン。SHOPもあるので見た目にも楽しいです。
Swordfish...best ev
The deeply flavorful sauce in the Tajarin al sugo d’Arrosto pasta is made with pan drippings. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011.
Service was exceptional and the food really impressed us. Definitely stop in for dinner next time youre shopping at eataly
Chef/Butcher formerly of Babbo uses all the animal - tonue and cheek.
Checking into this restaurant will count towards the Mario Batali Badge.
Great bottle of Vino from Emilia Romagna...'04 Macchiona. Earthy, spicy, delicious!
Mario B and whoopi G in the house
Get the Riccioli alla Finanziera! Really good.
Main guy is rude. Ordering a $14 beer and getting grief about bread and olive oil. Seriously?
Expensive, but everything was absolutely delicious!
Not worth it try other venues in eataly
Chef Michael Toscano’s menu is perfect for a red meat meal. The veal chop was an absolute pleasure to eat with its smoky flavoring, and the mezzalune is one of the best we have ever tasted.
Took a cooking class at Manzo, had a blast learning from the restaurant's executive chef. Watching him prepare Manzo's dishes was incredible, & worth every penny considering the wine pairing.
*-* how to
jam piroo iki?
Don't want to wait for a table? Eat at the bar! Great wine list and fabulous shareable plates.
Check in here, you can unlock "Mario Batali" badge (with another 3 venues)
Roasted striploin salad with foie gras and cherry aceto balsamico. Orgasmic.
Definitely get the rib eye. Thumbs up!
The vitello tonnato is amazing, topped with sauteed capers = perfect little pearls of salt.  The 2001 La Togata brunello is unbelievably good and available by the glass.
Veal chop in hay.  Unique. Great smoke flavor.  Milky smooth.
Ribeye is perfectly done
Carne cruda is outstanding
Try the Lifter Steak with Bone Marrow Marmalade and spot it on Foodspotting!
The beef tasting menu w wine pairing is AMAZING.
Great barbecue and fine view from the roof top.....
Pork Shoulder and the home brewed Gina..........
The lamb is excellent!
The provolone here is by far and away the best I've ever encountered. Top 3 cheeses of all time.
Even though it's on the roof, it's actually a great place in the winter too. Much less crowded!
Aqui tem de tudo, parece com a budega da esquina da minha rua!
The wifi user/password are guest/fall2012
Amazing food and beer!!
Don't bother asking for a drink recommendation, the bartenders are total assholes and slow as hell
Amazing cold platter! nice sparkling wines as well!
lindooooooooooooooooooo
Try the Bistecc: full of flavor, nice portion, made to perfection
مبارك الجعلى ال موسى موقع عل في فيس بوك
Great atmosphere! Really enjoyed the food!
Even it's 14th floor, dont expect nice view.
Bring friends in the summer and it is paradise.
Airy, outdoorsy space. Food is simple and tasty - great for lunch. We loved the  sweet, succulent pork belly sandwich with pickled red cabbage, arugula and heirloom potatoes ($15).
Featuring a music selection that reminds me of my old Winamp playlist from college. In other words - awesome.
They're kinda assholes here. Not allowed to sit at the tables unless u order an entree even tho the place is completely empty. Lame
So service here sucks. It haa every time   There's a difference between giving me spec and bein ignored.
No kids food but a great place to have a beer and relax
Order the portabello. Amazing.
The skirt steak here was amazing
not a fan...
The carafes of beer are a great deal! Try the cask-aged ales.
If you are stuck in the city on a hot day, this is the place to hang. The craft beer is delicious and Birreria is a rooftop bar without the pretentiousness some others hold.
There’s nothing like a rooftop bar to make you feel like a New Yorker. La Birreria (001 212 937 8910) is a new brewery on the roof of the Eataly building, chef Mario Batali’s Italian food emporium.
Great food.. Good beer! Must try..
The tiramisu is AMAZING!
Eataly is such a friendly Italian spot, you can't go wrong with the beer garden on the roof.
Pistachio was so good but when is it not.  When in doubt, go for it.  Or get the banana stracciatella and lemme know how it is ;)
Have the nocciola and cioccolato it's an amazing combination.
I give the mint chip an Amen! www.getamen.com
The Salted Caramel is INSANE! Pair it with something lighter, like the Pear & Vanilla, another powerhouse flavor. Power. House!
Great gelato. The flavors are so fresh. Some of my favorites: coconut, banana, salted caramel.
Good gelato but nothing to write home about. if you are in the area and crave ice cream this will suffice, but don't go out of your way. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Café verdadeiramente Italiano !! Delicia total para começar o dia !!
Get the raspberry and white peach, they are the best!
Iced Frangelico Cappuccino is lighter than air. It doesn't make you feel so bad for eating a scoop of gelato immediately afterwards.
Pick up fresh goodies from Eataly's seafood market!
amazing muffinsss
Try the King Crab Cheddar Cheese Crab Cake - Retardation on a plate!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Bloody Rihanna!  Best brunch diva in the house!   Snap!
Wonderful staff.  Fun mix of people.
10oz martini glass
The food is actually good if you can get passed the horrid techno music blasting way too loud. Try the lemon roasted chicken with mashed potatoes.
Ultimate gay brunch spot. If you're gay this is a must on a Sunday
Where food goes to have sex.
Wonderful food with equally good service.
Get the short ribs!! Best decision you'll ever make
Love the spicy salmon tartar. Great drinks too #FFactorApproved
My favorite quesadilla in the city.
Huevos rancheros
Awesome NYC neighborhood restaurant! If you can sit outside in the back patio! Very rare to have that type of seating in Manhattan..
Michael is amazing! Tip him well and your life will change forever.
Mahi Mahi babe!
Little things make this a classy place for brunch: blueberry muffins in the breadbasket; flowers in the restroom; fresh fruit garnishes
Make your tastebuds happy. Give them a Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG Gin, extra horseradish.
Kiss your hangover goodbye. Order up some hair of the dog. A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG Gin should do the trick.
I guess we didn't have Nico.   Good food but horrific service.    Really bad.
My all time NYC fave.
The duck main course was amazing!  The portion size was actually quite large too.
Beautiful back patio!
Diverse menu with classy food that is well-priced for the city. Love their shirts!
The waiter was not very nice
The waiters are all easy (on the eyes). Great spot for brunch just steps from THE OUT NYC.
Beh, indubbiamente è un locale dal costo medio alto - prendendo d'esempio la media milanese - ma il servizio è impeccabile e ho mangiato un ottimo pollo in letto di puré e asparagi.
We had a reservation for a large party but our table was given away by the manager. He is unprofessional and rude. I will never eat here again.
Try the Parmesan-encrusted tilapia. Surprisingly large portions and of course, very high quality food.
Not the place to go if you're a vegetarian, but the cocktails are delish!
This place doesn't provides receipt unless you ask for it.
As of 10/16, no diet coke and out of honey mustard.
Cheapest coffee in the city! $1.09 for a large, best deal around!
The decor is pretty awesome. The late-night drama is just what you might expect.
Very rude staff.
Order was wrong and cold
There's only one socket in the store, luckily it wasn't taken my phone has life now
very cool decor. you won't recognize it as a mcdonalds.
new decor but still the same shady characters :/
Good chill music
Awesome music! Relaxed atmosphere!
Staff here sucks.....unfriendliest Mc Donald's Crew ever. And I am travelling a lot !!!!
Manager here sucks. Argued with me about whip cream & chocolate on peppermint mocha. He insisted this drink doesn't have it. Then tried to give my husband a broken cup!
Don't eat here. In fact,.don't eat at any Mickey D's. It'll kill you. It's clean and a jolly place to take a pods, though.
Люди здесь даже уроки японского преподают! Круто!
McDonalds? Never heard of it...maybe its an irish pub with that name? I think this is the only location, small family owned business maybe.
24 hours
Free ATM
Salad is good and cheap (less than 9 dollars)
Careful here. They tend to short you on change.
Get the platters without rice to get three sides. Awesome sauce not necessary since its already so awesome.
Very fresh food that doesn't give you itis! A+
The artist formally known as Bread and Olive...
Small combo is fast, tasty, inexpensive.
Really awesome Lebanese food - fast, authentic, and under $20
Bread and Olive under a new name -- same menu, same delicious Lebanese food
Sit at the bar if you just want drinks and want to look at raw fish while you drink.
Sit at the bar... Venezia is the best bartender!
Order the Ginger Mojito...you will not be disappointed. :-)
Venezia makes a slammin martini.
Sweet potato tempura rolls
3 Stooges Roll is outstanding
East river roll all the way
Best sweet potato tempura rolls. Add avocado for a taste of heaven.
Super vegetarian friendly. Love their sweet potato tempura rolls. Randomly: saw Katie Couric here once.
Super vegetarian friendly. Love their sweet potato tempura rolls. Randomly: saw Katie Couric here once.
Spicy Girl Roll is Delish!
Delicious sushi. Nice atmosphere. Great staff.;) nice lil spot on ues.
Try the crabmeat salad appetizer, it's delicious! The salmon teriyaki dinner is great as well. Sushi here is very fresh. Not too pricey either.
Get a spicy scallop roll!
Thursdays & Fridays are the best time to go... The raw fish is soooooo fresh!
Two stories, decent bathrooms, and free wifi - what more could you want?
Sadly, no dollar menu like most McDonald's below 96 street. Two baked apple pies are still $1.09 -- 99¢ ATM is here.
This place has fancy futuristic touch screen soda dispensers with over 100+ flavors!
This is the place to go if have 20 minutes to wait for your fast food. They are about as organized as the nuggets in the box. Advice to workers: the beeping sound means the fries are done.
The spicy chicken mcbites are a great bang for your buck.
So rare to find a restaurant in midtown with a drive-thru
Eat here before going to the javist center to avoid the overpriced food vendors
Try the Shamrock Shake - FOOD COLORING FTW!!!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Nice building, slow service.
Bathrooms are clean!
24/7 plus parking and a drive-thru... But for some reason, all the cabs park there!
Thank god this is 24/hr! Ok, that's all...
Eat here! 24 hours and never crowded.
Well lit. Parking lot packed with cabbies who are on restroom line. Careful getting in & out of lot. If you head east, may be no left turn by tunnel. To go left, drive to Lexington & go right & turn.
Take out a loan if u want a 20 piece chicken nuggets
Open 24 hours. Plus it has parking and a drive-thru.
Good place to go if you need a bathroom(upstairs)
Rude register staff.
to many yellow cabs. no dollar menu
Sitting upstairs with a sweet tea in the afternoon is so relaxing while watching the cars go down 10th ave
I just threw up here!
Morgan Spurlock threw up here in Super Size Me!
Try the Amuse Bouche - It's my impression that amuse bouches are made from the stuff that the chef is trying to get rid off!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cured Hamachi (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Seared Foie Gras (via @Foodspotting)
Enjoy a Thanksgiving menu carefully crafted by a James Beard Award winning chef with options like a heritage farm turkey with ciabatta stuffing, cranberry marmalade cipollini onions & sage infused jus
Fiktif check in
Their duck breast is oh so delicious, and the service is impeccable.
Michelin 2012 ★
Try the Peekytoe Crab Salad!
Try the Basil Biscuit With Creme Fresh Mousse And Raspberry Basil Sorbet - Delicious! (via @Foodspotting)
This is where Andrew Carmellini got his start.  The food is still sublime although it is a little on the fancy side. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
DOLCE DE LECE is the most insane dessert here!!! Not to be missed by any means!! :)
The chilled pea soup, if on the menu, is amazing!
Gossip Girl: Humphrey/van der Woodsen family brunch (Episode: 412)
Look the part, and they will really spoil you here. We were especially pleased with the amuse-bouche prior to our meal. (The risotto balls were a treat!)
The best restaurant!
One Michelin star.
A snooze fest-;)
A great place to splurge on brunch in the UES.  Get the $39 2 course prix-fixe, it's worth it.  We recommend the Crepes Suzette and the scrambled eggs with butter poached lobster.
The wines on the prix fixe are excellent - and great value.
Tem menu de US$35,00 por pessoa.
Oysters! Oysters! Oysters!
love this for the best Parisian lunch and if u can afford it, dinner in NY
Try the Hanger Steak and Eggs for a hearty brunch. Their hanger steak is not at all tough (like most) and is creamy, flavorful and moist - cooked to perfection.
Amazing service - get the cheese plate
Café Boulud does quite the elegant breakfast and brunch.  - Inspector
Have a lovely candle lit dinner at the outside seating! The Duck is a must try!
Spaghetti Nero is the nest thing on the menu: hands down! And this is easily the best dessert menu in NYC. Save room!
Spaghetti Nero is the nest thing on the menu: hands down! And this is easily the best dessert menu in NYC. Save room!
Try the Charred Octopus and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Tarte Flambee and spot it on Foodspotting!
Fantastic flavors, the baked clam appetizer is everything I wanted it to be.
Order your coffee first so you can sip while you wait for your breakfast sandwich. And if you go there often these guys will start to know what you want. They're super fast and efficient.
Yummy bagels!!!! The staff is very friendly!!!i love this place
I love the fact that they let you take utensils when you haven't purchased anything here. That good!
Large soup costs more than a round trip subway ride to Brooklyn.
Why is shit so expensive here? Need to find new place for breakfast. Plus a bunch of fuck jobs that work here
Ummm...yeah, just go somewhere else.
Salad here is great
Their soups are the best ever! They have diff. Kinds everyday :)
If you're getting a bagel in a hurry, that's great.  Otherwise avoid at all costs.  Prices are insane for horrible food. Coffee is burnt and they are SO rude...except for the manager...he's a nice guy
YUMMY paninis...wish they sold red velvet cake or cupcakes...sigh...
SnoopDogg owns this place
truffle cheddar!!! n_n
Get your legally-sold pretzels (and hot dogs, if you're into that sort of thing) here, and say hello to the lovely Sonia, who actually remembered me from when she worked the Love Street Coffee Truck
Effettivamente i loro prodotti sono buoni. Le altre baracchine offrono robe di basso livello
Typically 5-6 kinds of specialty pretzels. Toasted if you want. $3.
Feta cheese pretzel was incredible! Pricey treat for something so tiny but it was a great snack before going into The Met.
The specialty mini pretzels are divine
Late night food
Now it's all about the lunch special, roasted leg of pork!
Great homestyle Dominican and Puerto Rican food. Lunch specials rock.
Delicious takeaway.
Stewed beef is top notch
Great food,service and prices!
Empanadas!!
Arroz con pollo bottom line!!
Sub-par service...
beef stew was a bit dry but pollo al brasero stole my heart!
One of the best values around! The pork ribs for just $6 fill you up rather quickly!
pernil sandwich with pickles - no ajo
Great place! The owner is a delite! Love it!
The duck breast with cassis sauce is phenomenal!
Dress nicer if you want better service.
Corner booth is the best (there's only one). Order the flourless chocolate cake and a chilled glass of rosé.
DON'T COME HERE - roach leg in the creme brûlée , yuck.
Had mussels with spicy tomato sauce great! Duck breast was well.cooked and succulent. Creme brulee was.big and.amazing
Goats cheese croquettes are small but delicious
Skip this place. Mediocre ingredients=2nd rate results. Almost any French restaurant in the city is better. Cross Houston, find better options on Sullivan.
Radio shows with Centanni Broadcasting are a blast here
Def try the mussels!
OVERPRICED
Delicious mussels!
Food was ok.. Service was lacking. Company was fab!
Fabulous French Resturant!!
Overpriced...$2.25 for a regular (what they consider large) cup of coffee and it's not the best coffee.  You get more for your money at Dunkin Donuts across the street.
If you spend $10 or more here on Fridays, get a free slice of cake. Oh, you crazy economy.
Sea urchin/caviar in scrambled eggs and the gnocchi were amazing! Spicy ramen lamb bolognese not impressive... Fillet Mignon and couscous with truffled reduction and end with earl grey creme brûlée!
Foie gras chawamushi and uni scrambled eggs: with shout-outs all over the tip list, you really can't go wrong.  The spicy lamb ramen bolognese was overrated. Not enough spice and lamb was mediocre.
Japanese Italian fusion?? This place is great! Ideal for a small group or a dinner date. Classy
This intimate Italian/Japanese fusion restaurant is the perfect retreat from winter weather. The ramen Bolognese is a must try. –Fez
Bolognese ramen is money. Must get.
Really enjoyed the Zuke salad (tuna sashimi w/ truffle soy dressing) & Filet Mignon (w/ truffle soy reduction)
uni and mozzarella please
The best Italian-Japanese in NYC
Bourbon ice cream
Try the Spicy Lamb Bolognese Ramen - All time fave... (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Simmered Pork Belly Buns (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Uni Scrambled Egg And Caviar - Amazing... (via @Foodspotting)
Amaaaaahzing. It's tiny in here! Pork buns, shrimp dumplings and new tuna sashimi app are fabulous. Lamb bolognese ramen and filet mignon are OUTSTANDING! Go here.
Lovely, cozy spot! Get the pork belly and the lamb bolognese ramen!
The foie gras chawanmushi is delicate and rich at the same time. Colorado lamb Bolognese ramen a solid pick.
Amazing mash-up cuisine... Italian meets Japanese food. The pork belly buns, potato gratin w/ sea urchin, spicy lamb bolognese ramen, and miso-infused filet mignon tataki are all must-try items.
Love their pastas and the foie gras chawanmushi
Calf liver sashimi is aces.
Happy hour till 8pm!
Get the pork belly buns. They are THE best.
The sea urchin potato gratine is mind-blowing.
Spicy tuna with brie, steamed pork buns, and spicy ramen. This shit is legit.
Try the scrambled eggs with sea urchin and ikura.  Amazing.
The Spicy Bolognese Ramen is delightful. And for the price, even more so.
The fluke and the Gorgonzola brule.  OMG!!!
get the spicy tuna crostini and the calamari. avoid the half-lobster
chicken + rice + fries + jalapeños + $5 = amazing
It's currently a Halal cart again. Not as many choices. FYI...
$5 well spent
Best! Hamed Halal cart is next to a mosque which helps it's trafffic. See tons of club kids, night shifters and taxi guys eat from here. Trust the taxi drivers to know best food carts!
Cheap spot for Baruch students with good roast duck and sushi. However the staff could use better training but maybe they're new. Nonetheless 4/5!
Dinner bento boxes are incredible. Just be aware it's enough food to feed a small family
Not a fan of their Chinese dishes but I like the "Be-My-Guest-Maki," that let's you make your own roll with 3 ingredients. Whatever you choose make sure there's shrimp tempura!
If you order japanese food, you're going to get chinese rice...
Any 3 rolls with a choice of soup or salad for $9.75 ($10.83 with tax)
Cheapest and amazing Chinese food in the area, you get a lot. Try the lunch bento boxes. (:
BYOB sushi! Small place, friendly staff.
Get the gyoza.
NYDD Mobile Eats: The Real Good Truck joined us mid-December of 2011 and was an instant hit with their unique waffle sandwiches (sweet or savory), waffle fries, and soup!
CLOSED.  High prices and silly service got to them, ultimately.
Just tried for Restaurant Week- fabulous bargain for great food only $35 for dinner! Cold soba noodles were fantastic and also tried there sake tasting. Will have to go back and try the Omakase $60.
Fish is good. Sushi rice was bad. 4 out of 10, because theres places half the price with equal quality fish and better rice. Soba was just 'ok'
Have a Jean-Georges Vongerichten experience for a bargain price with their $38 prix fixe dinner.
Happy anniversary!
truly awesome sashimi, love the lobster salad with carrot tahini too
Here's the tip. Sit in the Lounge. Order a Bellini and Gin Martini from Paul then Spicy Tuna, Hot Soba with Duck, Cold Soba with Scallion.
Have a Jean-Georges Vongerichten experience for a bargain price with their $38 prix fixe dinner.
Uni soba and parfait, fantastic.
The shrimp tempura roll is erotic and lusty. My favorite noodle is soba. Try the matsugen soba it's a good time
Never had Shabu Shabu?  Try it while its still frigid out there.
Matsugen parfait for dessert rocks!
Tasting menu at Matsugen - $60 and completely fantastic. One of the best values for quality and variety of menu offerings I had
Try the Japanese Pickles.  Interesting flavor and texture.
spring special for prix fixe: $25 for lunch, $35 for dinner
Great organization to support. When you join you'll receive a $50 dining certificate to your first event!
Incredible foundation by a Legend. Amazing place for the F&B and goodies to mingle and enjoy deliciousness from Chefs all over. Everyone should at least experience coming here Once in their lives.
Must join the Foundation!
Legendary...
The alcove at the back of the 2nd floor dining room has a mirrored ceiling. It was Beard's bedroom. That's right.
Really cool arctic foraging dinner this Saturday!
Love their cocktail parties, which draws a younger, hipper crowd. Mingle and feast. See photos from a party here: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=90498&id=765634189&l=6ba2970afe
The monthly daytime Beard on Books series is a nice opportunity to hear food writers and cookbook authors read from their works. Usually a $20 suggested donation. Includes illy coffee and Pellegrino
Great place to experience new and famous or soon to be, rising stars. Eaten here twice and experience was great. Food varies, depending on chef, but a special NYC evening always to be had.
You'll feel out of place if you're not over 50, white & a republican.
Not too shabby for a quick bite.
Stopped in for a $1 slice. There are better $1 slices around. Won't be back.
$1 pizza isn't that great, but hey, its a $1 for a slice.
The dollar pizza here is pretty poor, but what would you expect for $1? Load it up with chili pepper and garlic and it's edible. Good place to save a buck.
$1 Pizza. And it's actually super delish. This coming from a picky pizza eater.
Get Stoned with Bruschetta it's awesome.
6 donuts for $3.99 but a dozen for $9.99. Horrible service
The jelly munchkins are terrible!  Check out Mcswiggans for the best drink deals in town.  393 2nd Ave.
Tell them what you want and you're screwed. Sad to say but all very terrible at their job and memories
One of the workers there doesn't talk loud enough he like whispers to u -_-
The Indians who work there are very forgetful
Worst service ever don't go here
Don't rob this Dunkin Donuts, swarming with cops
The breakfast burrito will cure all ills.
Best lunch specials in the area!
Get to know the guy and you won't have to wait in line for coffee (which is awesome ps and a large is only $1.25)
You can call in your order at 6467336172.
Stellar bacon and egg for 2 bucks!!!
Get the rotisserie chicken sandwich- made from a half rotisserie chicken!!!! Delicious!!!!!
Very nice mexican people. Fresh lunch all day long
great food but they can't get a sandwich order right to save their lives
Love the guys that work here!
The egg sandwiches here are the best deli grabs in soho.
Dinamic (sic) Duo is your stock standard deli sandwich but it's fantastic. "Extra tomato" means "no tomato", at least whenever I walk in.
Great Mac & Cheese... Lasagna is good too
Go to Grand Street Deli and order the Lil' Sweeter. It's messy and delicious.
Mussels are the best deal and dip the bread into the sauce!
Good fries. Bad service
Thoroughly enjoyed the "Juicy Bobo." Cheese was deliciously melted in the burger!
Pretty sure they raise and kill the fish before serving you. Slowest place ever.
$1 and $2 sushi mon to thur
tapas are only OK...but the torija is out of this world!
It's your tiny intimate restautant that's perfect for dates and small groups. Go for the paella and quails. Dessert was okay. Interesting fusion between Japanese/Spanish influences.
Underrated, the prie fixe is awesome.
The tasting menu is delicious and a deal at $55. Get a different tasting menu from your date so you can try all the dishes!
You must try everything!
Get the pork belly!
Degustation, the chef's counter that predates all the new hot chef's counters today, is still going strong and still has an incredibly strong fan base.A five-course tasting menu is available for $50.
The $55 tasting menu is absolutely the way to go here... one of the best deals in the city, since the food is precisely prepared and absolutely delicious.
take about 3 hour to finish 10 course tasting menu. The dessert wine is must get.
Lamb loin is the best thing on the menu. Get two.
So very delicious.  But one of the chefs licks the spoons and forks that he uses to serve you food.  Watch for it.
The 10 course tasting was hands down one of the best culinary experiences of my life.
Tasting menu was excellent and quite the deal at $55 for 5 courses. Good rose cava too. Great food and atmosphere and excellent service!
For serious foodies only...!! Fun, relax and romantic. Tiny restaurant with huge experience. Will come back if they change the menu. Expensive, but it worth it.
Put the menu away and just get the $50 tasting menu. Get the wine pairing too. Make sure you finish w the carmelized torija & a glass of the Jorge Ordinez
Best short rib ever! Move over David Chang.
When you are in NYC make sure you stop by with your honey & have a nice meal. !!
Whatever is on the tasting menu will be delicious
The quality/flavors are exceptional for the price: $50 for 5 course tasting. They always allowed me to substitute my 4th course for 2 other proteins. +1!
According to community contributor James Traub, "Pretty much everything is fantastic, both in the sense of wonderful and of pressing against the borders of conventional reality."
Degustation’s trendy and contemporary décor also retains old-world service. We loved the squid, but if you are looking for a strictly turf meal the Serrano ham is your best bet.
Def go for tasting menu. 5 course if you're hungry; 10 if you want to get fat.
the 5 course tasting menu was great, and they even gave me and my mom 5 different dishes each, so it was like tasting 10!
Treat someone special with dinner here. Artichokes in Mussel Broth, Blood Orange/Grapefruit Foam with an Oyster surprise. Photos: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=55527&id=765634189&l=589d602452
You will regret not getting the 10 course tasting. Since you're doing that, you might as well get it paired with wine. Its an all around amazing time!
Intimate and romantic. A perfect date spot. The cute chef and amazing small plates aren't bad either. -Jacqueline Lombard, Top Chef
Squid stuffed with oxtail meat in beef jus/broth was amazing which was a part of the 10 course meal.
The 10 course tasting is out of this world. You must try when you come here.
Skip a la carte and go for the tasting menu: a New York bargain at 5-courses for $55. The tiny restaurant seats diners at a counter around an open kitchen -- dinner and a show.
the refined 5-course tasting is a great value until you see the 10-course. in my top 3 after all these years.
$3 for lots of fresh fruit. The mango is the best!
The meat Paella is the way to go.  Best thing on the menu.
boquerones FTW.
Best Paella I have ever tasted in NY and the red wine sangria was perfectly balanced! Will definitely come back.
Try Soccarat Paella! Fantastic! Good service, nice view from the balcony
Hey guys come stop by and check out our awesome Paellas and Tapas. Let's not forget our killer $5 happy hour special! 5-7 everyday M-S. We also over brunch and lunch as well. Xo
Try the special (home fries. 2 eggs, and bacon) for under $3.
Their salads are very good. Plus, their grilled chicken dishes are great! Make sure you get a booth table, as you don't want to literally rub elbows with the people next to you!
They have some of the best salads in the area
By far the most expensive diner in the world, Three Guys is an institution among upper east siders.  However, there is nothing special about it. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the matsu soup bowl
Very good service! I took pasta and soup and it seemed to be too much! Good portions and quality! Liked this place!
A decent diner that is steps from Central Park (which must be why it’s kind of pricey).  Check out the waffle fries and the cheeseburger.  The service is fast and friendly.
Killer lamb chops. Great service.
Way over price for what you get.  The wait staff rarely smile.  Not with my money ever again.
Terrible slow service. Overpriced inferior food.
Try the Surf And Turf and spot it on Foodspotting!
So its a little pricey its a good quick stop when shopping on madison ave and the bathrooms r clean. Its nyc its always more
A little pricy (location) however, much better than most hotels in the area.  A taste of NY.
Very over priced and not worth it due to small portions.I ordered the pancake supreme and didn't even get toast
Cafe Boulud is just around the corner - and is probably cheaper! LOL but the Cobb Salad at 3 Guys rocks.
Check out the Burgers & Burgundy special on Tuesday and Thursday nights!
This place is way too expensive (a coke is 7 dollars), but they have the best fries I have EVER had. Skip everything and just get the FRIES!
Be sure to check out the Dorothy Parker Society for the inside scoop about what really happened here.
Best check in ever!
Read "A Journey into Dorothy Parker's New York" for a guide to the Vicious Circle.
Harold Ross, the magazine’s founder, roamed here to ask his friends to write. Once, when he asked Dorothy Parker why she wasn’t in the office writing, she replied, “Someone was using the pencil.”
Sundays 7 - 10:30 pm in the lobby...Sandy Jordan and Friends Variety Show with the Larry Luger Trio
The worst Indian food I ever had!!! I ordered the basic chicken tikka masala. I asked for it to be spicy and ended up with a sauce that taste like penne vodka sauce. Never again will I ever go back.
The $12.95 dinner special is a great deal!
Best Indian food in the area (except for Mint which is overpriced), great lunch/dinner special, just be careful they don't mess up your order, they have a tendency to do that
Not sure I can recommend it. Lunch specials are indeed tasty, but something crunched in my vegetables, like sand, the last time I ate there.
Get the cream of tomato with chicken and orzo.
These are some GHETTO girls working here That's very RUDE
This place caters to vegetarians. Between you and me the vegetarian soups move faster!
Half a sandwich or wrap is the perfect light lunch!
Mac and cheese with beef is the way to go when they have it.
I dropped a Collectivus Green Duckie Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Get your soup and salad fix here.  Can't go wrong with any of the chowders or the tomato cheddar.
Tossed salads are made to order, don't forget the free veggies and croutons along with the add-ons.
My favorite is the cream of tomato with chicken and orzo.
My all time favorite soups are the Tomato Chedder and Corn Bisque. I love this place, love their salads, soups and if your nice to the ladies at the register they will give you extra bread and cracker
The Senegalese chicken soup is amazing, if you like peanuts.
Two slices and a can of soda for $3
Stacey!! She's awesome. If I ever come back from Maryland I want her to be my bartender. She's pretty cool
One of the cheapest option for lunch at the trap tourist Times Square.
cool bartender upstairs
Aaammmoooo !! Um de meus lugares favoritos em New York !!!
Order one entree to split with two people.  Fill up on bread and salad.
Delicious salad and bread and amazing meals. Se for brasileiro, procure pelo garçon também brasileiro Leonardo.
Black Tie Mousse Cake :) Sexy Time in my mouth !!!
Pumpkin cheesecake is to die for :) yummmmm
Five cheese ziti !! Amazingly yummy ! Definitely a must try !
White peach cooler non- alcoholic . It's sweet and tart ! #Perfection !
Breadsticks are on point..
Try the Chicken Marsala - Simply too much!  (via @Foodspotting)
Ótimo restaurante e no coração da Times. Tem uma mesa no segundo andar que fica de frente para o burburinho ;))
This is a nice place 2 go 2 and eat supper, they have the best salad and breadsticks in all of NYC.
get the never ending pasta and the Castello moscato!
This Olive Garden doesn't advertise the 9.95 unlimited pasta bowl special but they will honor it. Just ask your server.
Love the moscato wine, a must. I gues you already know that the salad is superb.
Some rude peeps but SUE was awesome!!  Everyone who wants a friendly outgoing bubbly gal who delivers great service, ask for Sue!!
Five cheese Ziti, simple and exquisite.
Ask for Wonda she was a great server!
Really great frozen drinks
Shout out to Dave.  You're the best... Great shots....
40 minute wait?! Don't come here hungry on a Saturday night!
40min wait?! Don't come here hungry on a Saturday night!
PÉSSIMO atendimento. Comida razoável, ou seja, preço justo. Depois das 22h30 fazem tudo para expulsar o cliente....mas com um pouco de paciência vale a pena.
Horrible service. The food was not as expected.
Service is so bad ! Run away from this restaurant...
Ask for a window table,the view is very nice
Comida muito boa.
40 minutes  wait? It's not worth it, seriously.
I crush real hard on the Baked Potato King. I want to be his Russian princess.
Best Coffee in The District excellent price(s)
The king never has soup, but soup is always on the meu.
The king is a nice dude
Recomiendo el buffet, tienen bastantes opciones y barato.
SINGAPORE NOODLES!!!
shrimp + scrambled egg over rice is so simple yet addicting! it's not on the menu, but go on the chinatown line and ask for it.
Fish and ToFu&Brown Rice!!!!
Peking pork chops mmmmmmm :-)
Ha Moon Rice Noodle, Singapore Mai Fun, Pork Chop Cantonese. Can't go wrong. CASH ONLY.
Love this place! Come after 2:30 and the hot buffet is discounted. But main courses are so cheap and plentiful, it's a steal!
Shrimp & Broccolli!
Good food despite the dismally bland interior
The Singapore Rice Noodles (w/curry!) are heavenly - well worth the 10 minute wait.
$4/lb buffet after 2:30 not bad for downtown nyc
hai moon noodle. eat it
There's more seating in the back!
Good place to go after shopping at C21 ;-)
Look out for free drinks coupons! ;-)
Best sandwiches in the Financial District. trust me, I'm the king of sandwiches. :)
Harvest cookie is ridiculously good - crispy edges and chewy middle. Coffee and almond croissants are also spot on. Good stuff.
Try the sparkling ginger beer
Almond croissants
Everyone night they give their fresh food to the homeless rather than selling it the next day.
Good coffee
Overpriced but worth it since everything is relatively fresh. I eat here all the time and never had anything bad. Very friendly staff.
Light and pretty fresh products !
The strawberry lemonade is tasty
Try the Complete Veggie Salad - Quinoa, apple, spinach, arugula, basil, daikon, hummus, red onions, beets (via @Foodspotting)
Chocolate croissant with coffee was really what I didn't know I wanted... Light and fresh and delicious
The oatmeal here is much better (and cheaper) than Starbucks!
Try their breakfast baguettes at $2.75 it's a tasty deal! My fave  is the egg and roasted tomato.
Ginger cookie is here for the Christmas season. Have them heat it for a bite of joy
Vietnamese sandwich is made with chicken, not pork terrine. Walk across broadway, down Maiden Lane to Baoguette for an actual vietnamese sandwich.
Chocolate croissants are light and fluffy like in Europe.
Try the Yoga Bunny Detox drink
Have to be there before 11:30am to get their daily special...limited supply.
Don't come here for sushi. They no longer sell it :/
Try the Chicken Sukiyaki - So good. Mad satisfying, especially on a cold, rainy night. There are some noodles and tofu hidden in this huge bowl of food as well. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Una Don (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spanish Mackerel Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Disappointing sushi. Would not recommend.
Try the Dragon Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Salmon Skin Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spicy Tuna Roll (via @Foodspotting)
The Japanese daily specials menu has a 'secret' set menu - which the waitstaff will gladly translate. Always delicious and yes, there's hot green tea.
Try the Sushi Rolls (via @Foodspotting)
For the sushi snob, this place has top rate sushi and sashimi.  You have to sit at the sushi bar for the best experience as they don't serve it the same otherwise.  My fave? live scallop! YUM!
Ask for the pork ramen! It's not in the menu but surprisingly delicious.
Deep fried tofu stuffed w/ *Natto*. Don't miss this!
What kind of Japanese restaurant doesn't serve hot green tea?
They have 32 oz beers for $9.50.
such good sushi - have the lemon scallops sashimi!!
Best lunch specials on Thursday and Friday
Bem fraco e caro para a qualidade da comida. Me decepcionei.
Minimalist, contemporary interior. First-rate sushi and sashimi. Thirty kinds of saki rep'ing every region of Japan. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Sadly, the quality of both the food and service here has declined over the past two years. It was great when "Masa" was behind the sushi counter.
Very nice place for Sushi
Go to Ise and have the chef's omakase.
Get the house special fried rice
Delicious bittersweet chocolate crepes. Staff is friendly and shop was clean.
And don't forget to decant the wine.
Try the Red Velvet cupcake!
Try the 5 spiced pork belly sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
The Corn on the Cobb was amazing!
get the five-spice glazed pork belly. it's a party in your mouth.
They put chili mayo on everything. <3
Kmer Sausage Sandwich is fantastic! Good people watching spot upstairs. Chill jams playing!
FYI this location is cash only. Also, the spicy tofu and grilled corn are amazing.
The five-spice glazed pork belly sandwich with pickled asian pear is amazing!
They won't let you modify your sandwich. Even if you ask nicely. Even if you tell them you're allergic.
Features sandwiches concocted by gastronomes like Marie Batali and Floyd Cardoz, so there is always something off the wall among  the list of yummy regulars. Winner of Best of NYC Best Cambodian!
Skip the steak and go for the pulled pork - much more flavorful
this sandwhich will change ur life.  pork, meatball, shrimp. du it. If you're starving get two
Best Vietnamese sandwiches in the area. Vegetarian options, like the tofu and cauliflower, are awesome.
Bring a wet nap
The hulking coconut tiger shrimp sandwich ($8) features a half-dozen shrimp on a toasted baguette with pickled vegetables, a spicy-sweet Sriracha mayo and toasted coconut flakes.
Try the 5 spiced pork belly sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Just inhaled a grilled skirt steak. Deelish!
The coconut tiger shrimp and five-spice pork belly sandwiches are amazing!
You will literally need at least 25 napkins. Get messy!!
Had their Pulled Pork sandwich my first day in NYC, and that set the standard for all sandwiches to come. So far no one has reached up, so I keep coming back here.
One of the better Bahn-mi type sandwiches I've had. The pork belly was really tasty and the bread was pretty much perfect.
Everything's great–second Naveen on the tiger shrimp–but the roasted cauliflower sandwich with eggplant spread is the absolute bomb. Upstairs there's sriracha at every seat (21st century's ketchup).
Try the 5 spiced pork belly sandwich - Delicious! Pork belly is so tender and the pickled Asian pear is good!  (via @Foodspotting)
these sandwiches are bomb, can't go wrong w/ the pulled pork.
Try the Hoisin Veal Meatball Sandwich - Jasmine rice, basil, stewed tomatoes (via @Foodspotting)
Pork belly = delicious. Fact.
Catfish is great, meatballs are great, corn on the cob is amazing! Still need to try the rest. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The shrimp is the best sandwich in NYC. Hands down.
Grilled cococut corn on the cob with chili mayo, too damn good son too good
All about the tiger shrimp sandwich. Worth the long line!
Check out our feature of Num Pang!
This Tokyo chain is like an upscale Japanese NYC diner. The extensive menu covers katsu, soba, udon, sashimi, yakitori and more. Quality all around.
You can substitute white rice for "zakkokumai"; mixed grain rice, for $1 extra. Much healthier and tastier. It's with it.
Cinnamon pork is the best
Love the Shima Hokke. It's a homey meal, fish like your mom would make. I always get it and it's always good! Also for lunch, I love the Mini Salmon Don set that comes with a side of soba noodles.
gorgeous dining room
Ideal Meal: Buta cinnamon, yakitori, teishoku pork-loin katsu, mochi with green-tea ice cream. Read more
Pretty solid food, great atmosphere too!
It is all about the hanabi don. You're welcome.
Get the kasaan ni
Try the Hamburg
Authentic and fantastic food and ambiance .  Try 2nd floor by the enter . You can over look the counter section. It's a GEM
Authentic Japanese. Huge portion. Got Saba and Tonkatsu, they both were amazing!
Best earl grey ice cream! All the mackerel sets are great!
Must have Earl Grey ice cream on desserts menu... tastes gorgeous..
an authentic gem in the midst of union square squalor.
Get the seaweed rice.  Definitely worth the extra buck!
Huge portions!! Great Japanese comfort food spot, will def be back to try more :)
The upstairs tables overlooking the downstairs are the best. Great staff and very clean - ask for Ricky to be your server!
The best Japanese food that I've tried.
Love the katsu and also the washu beef over rice! The Chawanmushi is also really amazing.
Fantastic food, reasonable prices, great decor
http://www.ootoyanyc.com/
Come here for all the Japanese comfort foods - pressed sushi, bento sets, yakitori. I'd like to frame the menu it's so good!
Been here twice. Everything I've had is delicious.
Find Japanese-homestyle food in the Flatiron district at the first Manhattan branch of this Tokyo chain.
I tried fried pork with black vinegar sauce, and it was so good.  It's like Japanese-style su-buta.
Different menu than the original location, but you can't go wrong with the pierogi and truffle fries. Never crowded, so good for groups!
So quiet for weekend brunch. Why wait at Peels?
I sometimes wake at two in the morning craving the egg noodles from here. It's a major issue for me.
Much more limited/"higher-end" menu than the 8th St one (that one is more like a Ukrainian diner). Not terrible, but loses some of the charm of the original. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great service I only tried the salmon tartar and it was really good
Try the Aged-Old Fashion cocktail - Barrel aged Karlsson's Gold Vodka, angostura bitters, whiskey bitters, and maple syrup
Showing the 2012 Euro Cup Matches Daily !
This is where we go for Grandma-style matzo ball soup...
Veselka is offering a complimentary cup of Borscht during Shop Your Values Week! #SYVW
Beef stroganoff, bitches.
Kielbasa burger is so good. Be sure to top it with tons of sautéed onions and their house mustard
Try the special bloody mary with beef stock, very good.
Corn beef hash w/ poached egg is excellent. Can't go wrong with French toast either
Beet burger was very good. Fries really good but Bloody Mary had waaaay too much black pepper and no horseradish.
Don't leave without trying the Alchemia cocoa nib infused vodka, it's one of the best on their list
Food is good, but service is slow. Do not go if you are in a rush (aka trying to make a movie @ Landmark). Stick with the original Veselka got quality.
Not sure of its because they've been opened for 3 months, but service is s-l-o-w. 45 minutes for soup.
Stick with the original... Service/food was sub par
On the menu are some old favorites (hello, borscht and potato pancakes), as well as new dishes like more refined main courses, including pan-roasted fish and a smoked pork hock.
Great for brunch. Get the house bloody mary and the French toast. Amazing.
Perfect place to be on a rainy Tuesday night. Comfort food and a cozy banquette, mushrooms julienne to start, then it looks like it is going to be a pierogi kinda night !!
Brunch is excellent.  The Fish Board has very good smoked and cured fish, including salmon, sable, trout, and herring. French toast made from great challah and really creamy and crispy. Mmm.
open for Brunch...come on down!!
The pork meatballs are sooooo gooood
Ask for a 34 times-distilled Purity Martini. Superb.
Try the Bowery Beet cocktail. Really. Delicious.
The mushrooms julienne is a great appetizer!
get the burrata
Free wifi (Nolita)
breakfast, cheese plate
Nice spot, Little Fox on Kenmare is better to work there, though.
Good place for wine, bad place for food
Cute place in Mott St.!
Great place to work from
Loved it!  Great atmosphere
Orrechiette has been my fave for 3 years.  Fregola salad, gazpacho, both very nice.  Tried the pappardelle once, was good, but not great.
They had great articoke pasta!
My fav place. Perfect for a saturday afternoon coffee.
How has this place not been written up? Great wine, food, atmosphere. Perfect for a date.
Really great place to grab a panino for lunch.  I especially like the tuna.  In the summers it is nice to sit outside if you are in a small group. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The iced tea is tiny. Not worth $3
Cheese or antipasti plate!
If your workplace is a laptop, consider this location your new boffice (bar+office=boffice.) Come for the boffice, stay to try their artichoke liqueur… Read more about boffices in NY on MetroFocus
Mozzarella panini (add avocado) and the meatballs are favorites
have an espresso macchiato and a tiramisù sitting on the couch
Try the Latte - This is my favorite meeting place. (via @Foodspotting)
Lugar simples, agradável, barato e a comida é sensacional. Vai com tudo, brasileiro amigo.
Quality, "cute" Italian place. Great vibe and equally good food. Everything is good but if you can't decide try one of their season specials. Enjoi
Their fruit and cheese plate (small) is large enough for two, and comes with delicious toasted bread, as well.  Great selection of wine, and tell Marie we said hello!
Pappardelle is the best thing on the menu! Try to avoid the far left table in the corner of the room, though - you'll be right up against the speakers
get a plate of cheese while you have drinks
Very reasonable wine by the glass selection.
Have the house truffled gnocchi on a cool night, with some red.
Cash only--and ATMs aren't very close. Know before you go!
Cash only blows ... So does the lasagna.  Cheese/Meat plate is cheap and plentiful but cheeses are tasteless. On plus side, good service, cool vibe and decent wines by the caraffe. Come for that.
Order the wine w the good mouth feel. 2 bottles.
The roast chicken and potatoes entree is awesome.
OMG the garlic bread is amazing!!!!!
Staff at the take out counter wears one glove to get the food u want so they can handle cash with the other.. FAIL!!!! But they touch money with the gloved hand... which defeats the purpose no?!? Smh!
Try the garlic bread! You won't regret it.
Dim Sum is delicious and ranges from $0.80 to $1.80. Order everything.
Roast pork buns, honey glazed or steamed, are a must!
the 0.90 roast pork bun is almost a meal by itself!
cheap favorites outside of dim sum too!
Can't go wrong with $1.75 dim sum and an awesome selection of "baos"
This place is so authentic and cheap, there aren't many dim sum places that run with the carts anymore. Cherish this spot!
Hands down the best roast pork buns & pineapple buns. Don't be intimidated by the line! Be aggressive and your stomach will thank you.
a legit dim sum restaurant complete with push carts. definitely ask for the roast pork buns!
New ownership has fewer tables. Renovated-better A/C. Smaller selection of dim sum, but tasty.
They have the best pineapple bread!
1.75 dim sum :)
The Place is actually call "Big Hop Sing"
Great roast pork buns. Lines for take out are crazy. You have to br quick and aggressive
Some of the best chow su bow's around!
Go to Hop Shing Restaurant to experience an old school Chinatown dim-sum experience.
order crab w vermicelli.  eat with fingers. say yum.
be quick in ordering and be amazed at prices
The dim sum here is yummy. Try the beef meat balls!
$1 size sixteen smoothies all this week from 5-7Pm!!
You guys, the Light™ power-sized Caribbean Passion® is awesome. 280 cals & more filling than a sandwich. (Caution: 63g of carbs, which isn't bad if you're active.) 4g of fiber, 170% Vitamin C. Boom.
$1 16 oz. smoothies for happy hour all week from 9-11am!
Usually quiet before 9AM. Try the Turkey Sausage and Cheese wrap with some hot sauce. Pretty pretty tasty! (Larry David voice)
$8 for a smoothie might be a little steep, but totally worth it (apple and greens with extra strawberries and the vitamin boost)
Carrot mango banana is healthy and not too sweet. Delish.
The unfriendly girl at register seems rushed and having a bad Monday. Not my fault!
Post-gym smoothies are always good
Nice if Jamba offered rice or almond milk for those of us who avoid soy.
All oatmeals are only $1 on Wednesdays now. Be about it.
Like eating out of a dumpster
My favourite Jamba and Delilah is the best server!
Same cost as fancy drinks at Starbucks but better for you.
They're shutting down until Monday.  #Irene
12 oz OJ for $3.75, 16 oz for $5.65?  Let's figure out some better pricing!
Best music I've ever heard in a Jamba Juice!
I think they have jumped the shark. The whole franchise has really let itself go. I miss 2000 when they were immaculate, high quality and moderately priced.
The ideal meals are a perfect start to the day! Filling and delicious :)
The ideal meals are a perfect start to the day! Filling and delicious :)
For the love of your life, please don't try the organic coffee here if you are looking for something that tastes good! I ordered the Vanilla coffee whirl and it tasted like gooey chocolate sauce!
The dirtiest and slowest of the juice bars in this area. Don't expect them to ever have carrots or fresh oranges.
Secret flavor: white gummy bear
Order a fruit n juice smoothies and replace the concentrate juice with fresh squeezed OJ
I wish the Pumpkin Smash smoothie was available all year long.
Manager did not honor the BOGO special.
peanut butter moo is heaven, but apparently its 1 of the worlds most fattening foods.. still worth it.. plus i have a wheatgrass shot every time i get a chance, its not as bad as ppl make it out 2 b
The juice is good, the food isn't
Great service. The chick even remembers my name!
Happy Hour 5 to 7 M-F
The boosts are good for hangovers.  The sound of the blenders, not so much.
Best Egg Cream in the city!
Ray is the sweetest man ever. Also, try the chocolate shake and beignets!
Pistachio soft serve.$3!!
If you happen to be heading home and can somehow manage to hold off eating your beignets, I implore you to spread them with some Speculoos cookie butter (now available at Trader Joe's). Divine!
Every morning at 3:04, Ray sings the National Anthem.
absolutely love this place
Legit Beignets!!!
Try the beignets at your own risk, they are so good you'll be hopelessly hooked
whenever i'm in the e. village & want ice cream, i just pop into this spot for frozen pistachio yogurt.
Yes the beignets.Yes, the beignets
Large Chocolate Egg Cream!!!  The best in NYC!!!
Be sure to try our new beignets! A taste of New Orleans in the East Village!
I love rays, it's a nyc institution! Best fries and soft serve
Beignets made to order 24x7 in old-NY scene of cheerful disorder. Laissez les bon temps rouler.
Keep Ray's alive....
Get your Official "Save Ray's" Gear at: http://www.cafepress.com/SaveRays Show your support!
Save Ray's.
Seriously, the best Frozen Yogurt out there.  It's a science project, total hole in the wall, but amazing!
This a good times...good LES people..and lots of ice cream for $3... Ray is an angel...
Yes pomme frites on 2nd ave sucks! Walk on more block to Rays! So much better of a menu and some real history here! Support and tip Ray!
An institution. Best egg cream in NYC. Tastiest and most generous order of fries you'll ever have. Ray is in a tough spot right now. Please stop by and show your support! Pommes Frites sucks!
Think it's real name is Ray's Candy Store. 113 Ave A. Awesome fries.
Best soups I've ever had in the city. Incredible sandwiches as well. Gotta try the grilled turkey and artichoke if you want to experience true joy.
Pumpkin corn bisque omg.
chicken salad, ($8.50)
The Cuban Medianoche
Great work week lunch spot. The soup and pressed sandwiches rock.
The soups here are phenomenal.
Best place for fresh fruit or vegetable juices.  Green House juice with a carrot and half an apple... Good balance.
Every day the soup bar has at least 3 or 4 incredible, interesting, delicious soups.
The soups are the best.
The pumpkin corn bisque is super tasty
Great soup! Great sandwiches! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I love the Egyptian Lemon Soup!
grilled cheese w harissa sauce + plum tomato
Soups here are great!
Tunisian salad is a must for tuna lovers
Great place to stop in during the work week for lunch, especially their soups!  Our favorites are the Pumpkin Corn Bisque and the Tomato Bread Soup.
lived here a week, best sammy so far
Amazing soup spot
15 is a veggie delight, portabello mushrooms and goat cheese.
They would not honor the foursquare special. :(
The soups are the best in the entire Union Square area, east or west!
Pumpkin-corn chowder if a surefire win for anyone with a little sweet tooth!
Mozzarella sandwich is my fave. Number 3 on the designer sandwich menu. :-)
Breaded tomato soup. Get it.
Pumpkin corn bisque soup is lights out.
Delicious and decently priced, but be ready to wait...
try before deciding... though all are mouthwatering!
Pumpkin Corn Bisque is Autumn in your mouth, all year round!
Sandwich 17 is great.
gotta say yes to the pumpkin corn bisque!  wild mushroom rice is good, too.  AND the greek yogurt smoothies make me :)
Lovely decor. Got the executive lunch. Great deal for a lot of food; the lamb curry dish was a little bland for my taste. But high marks for a tasty tandoori salmon and excellent customer service!
Michelin 2012 ★
The lobster was fantastic
Order the lasuni gobi - cauliflower fried with tomato and ginger. It's not on the menu but it's my favorite thing here
Try the Mango Cheesecake - A wonderful #dessert with just the right amount of mango (via @Foodspotting)
Dal- fantastic, paneer tikka masala- ok, appetizer w/ beet root and lotus chips - fabulous. Menu has No Indian beverages, ordered mango lassi off the menu- pretty good… (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Food is so good, modern atmosphere.
Grab a glass of Peter Lehmann Shiraz. Goes great with the Indian spices!
The lamb chops are amazing. Also the crab cake appetizer. This place is awesome! www.kashguha.com
tandoori venison chops
Appetizers -Bhojpuri Samosa, Galouti KababMain course - Pastooni murgh,Saag Paneer. Try these recommendations, lip-smacking good! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Appetizers -Bhojpuri Samosa, Galouti KababMain course - Pastooni murgh,Saag Paneer!Just do what I say! It's mind blowing! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tamarind TriBeCa99 Hudson St. (at Franklin), New York, NY 10013
Bhoj Puri Samosa. Paneer Akbari. Murg Malai Kabob (one of the best pieces of chicken you will ever eat). Punjabi Tikhe Kabob. Channa Masala. Shahi Paneer (great sweet/spicy red curry sauce). So good.
Basmati rice is quite good and lentil pancake was delicious. Service is wonderful and attentive.
One Michelin star.
Murg Malova and Shiraz= awesome. Doesn't sound like it would work, but it does!
Gary is an impeccable host. Muhammad makes you feel welcome. The food is inspiring and delicious!
Great $25 3-course lunch for those serving jury duty
Tamarind margarita. Yummy.
Amazing!!!!
Very elegant and luxurious Indian restaurant with spectacular food and large portions.  Try the Murg Malai Kabab, Punjabi Tikhe Kabab and a Tamarind Margarita.
Upscale authentic Indian cuisine at its best.  If you hold very high standards for delicious naan, you must try theirs; not in the least bit overly crispy or buttery
My fav restaurant in Tribeca. Don't skip the mango lhassi.
Great ambiance. Attentive wait staff. Food is AMAZING and the flavors pack a powerful punch.
Ask for the Leblon Grapefruit Mojito! It's absolutely delicious!
Tamarind Margarita, samosas, naan, paneer makhani, rasmalai = my awesome dinner!
Stopped in for dinner because the Harrison was closed for a private party.  Glad I did!
Don't miss the tamarind margarita :)
AMAZING meal. Everything is great so its fun to order a bunch of apps, entrees and share everything. Coconut shrimp, apple cider chicken app, and lychee martini!!
Great rolls, fast service. Love their loyalty card!
Lobster Grilled Cheese ($12)
The bargain shrimp roll—a buttered, split-top bun packed with juicy shrimp lightly tossed with herbed salt and a hint of mayo—is worth a detour from the more famous lobster roll (and half the price).
Mas que delicia!
The lobster roll is the city's best according to our users, but don't shy away from the Crab Roll which actually gives the lobster a run for it's money.
The lobster roll was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. I will definitely be coming back!
Try the Classic Lobster Roll - #Delicious!!! Best Lobster Roll Ever!! (via @Foodspotting)
Check out our feature of Luke's Lobster!
Delicious Lobster Rolls! Not heavy on the mayo.
i'll blame @dens for the addiction, but these lobster rolls will revolutionize your opinion on lobster roll culture.
One of our fave neighbors! Check out Luke's for the perfect summer lunch.
Why go all in and order the Noah's Ark? Throw some Sriracha on those bad boys for an extra kick. Don't forget to peep the Panda book in the corner.
noah's ark
So expensive! But even at $14 a Maine lobster roll is the perfect complement to hot summer days in the city.
How is this possible unless the person eats here 2 times a day.
Try the lobster roll, winner of the 2011 Lobster Roll Rumble Fan Favorite award. Participating again in our 2012 Rumble, Luke's is sure to be a fierce contender:
Best lobster roll away from Maine.
Order 2 lobster rolls. Trust
Try the Famous Lobster Roll - Lobstah rolls  (via @Foodspotting)
Crab roll or lobster roll and a ginger soda.
Great selection of Maine root beers.
A former lobsterman himself, Luke can tell you the area in Maine their catch came from, the trappers who caught them, and the processor that prepared the crustaceans for shipment (Luke's dad)!
Download the Level Up app on your phone to pay with your phone! Leave your wallet at home, good at many locations, plus lots of freebies! Use code 46317 when you register to earn $5!
The sweetest reward for being stuck in humid NYC during the summer.
Nick n is the coolest dude and awesome lobster
The lobster roll is amazing
I dropped a Collectivus You Are Beautiful! Sign Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Lobster rolls are amazing. Gotta get two
Best lobster rolls in nyc easy
Best lobster roll in NYC
It's now closed permanently
Staff are really friendly and good ! Owner Steve is fab especially in keeping my 3year old happy !!
Great food - good presentation - they take pride in their establishment and a very convenient location for Silver Tower Residents.
Best chicken salad ever!
Rent a bike nearby
Best food!  Great brunch!  Staff is awesome, friendly and attentive.
Come see Sal, a funny good who happens to be easy on the eyes :)
Flatbread pizzas are the best here!
Solid wine bar, small space.
Billy, the Bartender Rocks!!!!  And Robert, the server is a great server!
20% off all wine from 4-6 on Monday through Friday!
Try the Mushroom Salad - Warm mushroom salad and arugula and the bartenders are singing Adele (via @Foodspotting)
Very small, but quiet wine bar. Great find with great service!
Prosciutto panini is great.
Great wine list!  Malbec was A+, chef's cheese selection, panini's & flatbreads plus the music rocks!
Great place to meet artists & theatre people... Hangout for locals..
Cozy and intimate wine bar that serves huge flatbread pizzas that are wallet friendly.  We topped it wild mushrooms, caramelized onions and goat cheese.
The food is wonderful, but the prices have gone up, and you can wait a LONG time for your food.
The food is fantastic, but be prepared to wait both to get seated and for your food (45 minutes is normal for both)
Good size glass of wine. At $10 a glass it still ends up being on the cheap side for bars in this neighborhood.
Best ceviche in mid-town!
The asparagus appetizer with truffle oil is incredible!
My favorite wine bar in the city! One of those rare places that has a great vibe no matter what the season.  great wine selection and amazing food. Try the chefs cheese plate. So so good.
Chocolate tort + red wine= heaven in your mouth
grilled flatbread with prosciutto, mozzarella mmmm
Try the steak bruchetta
Love the grilled flat bread pizzas! Especially the prosciutto
My favorite wine bar in the city. If you’re lucky bartender Alice will grace you with a traditional German dance. -Zac Young, Top Chef Just Desserts
Port salut is the beat deal. It comes with crusty bread, grapes, figs and apricots. Goes great with the Syrah.
Try the prosciutto arugula flatbread with the marinated grape tomatoes!
Arugula, prosciutto with shaved parmesan pizza with a cheese plate #cantgowrong
The Salmon open-faced panini is fantastic!
Order the prosciutto-wrapped asparagus.
The mussels here are to die for! You won't be disappointed...
Have the veggie flatbread with extra mushrooms. Out of this world!
Caipirinha (obviously) and especially picanha fatiada.
Try the Portuguese Sausage (via @Foodspotting)
Local maravilhoso, vista deslumbrante e comida maravilhosa
Beef steaks and paella were really good. Combo platter was very dry though.
The best pudim ever!
Spicy lovers pile on the special sauce for the steak. Intense and tasty flavor.
O atendimento é maravilhoso, o ambiente muito legal. Peçam a feijoada ou o Churrasco Gaúcho.
This place took over an hour and half to get our food. F for customer service. We paid to the penny.
Get the beef Portugesa. Unrealll.
Must have the Camarao no Coco!  Delicious!
And caipirinha is very gooood))
Потрясающе красивый официант!
Best time to go for lunch is after 2 when the bar isnt as packed.
Carnival!!!
Amazing food!
Some of the best food for your buck in midtown.  Always big portions.  Always out of this world.  And the staff is madd chill!
Mariscada is delicious. Come here every time I am in New York
Try the Avocado Recheado to start. It's glorious.
Try the Avocado Redheado to start; it's glorious.
Bom atendimento
Has one of the best steaks in town (ask for the bitoque at the bar) !
The trout is very juicy. Watch out for the bones, some are still there.
Vatapa and passionfruit caipirinha
Bitoque all day
Try steak with onions  and black beans. Awesome!
Feijoada is good. Not as good as you would see in Brazil though. If you get any beef please ask no garlic. This restaurant does not know how to cook beef properly and they pour in garlic, this is not
Good Caipirinhas and Great Pastels de Carne
Bife Acebolado (aged grilled shell steak with onions) was AWESOME. Expect large portions with each entree.
decent place to catch a soccer game..sit at the bar which opens out to the sidewalk on a warm day, and get a bottle of Xingu
The eggplant pizza is delightful.
Not really impressed with by the slice.  Tasted old, even though it was dinner time.
Garlic knots FTW!
Open til Midnight 7 days a week! Try the mozzarella sticks!
Whole wheat crust pizza is the best.
Great pepperoni.
I always ask for their Raviolli. Kori is right, Claudio is so friendly and funny.
This place is great. Delicious pizza and the guy is soo friendly!! I will be back for sure!
great pizza. one chicken slice and one cheese slice is dinner at least once a week.
The lamb burger is incredible
Spacious bar...even when crowded you can still hear the person talking to you
Excellent burgers!
Another find ^_^ Good food to be had here
Get a guinness and a shamrock
No Pinnochio Pants!
Good place to meet with friends
The coffee is great and cheap. The food prices are great and the staff are very nice
Food is pretty good, but they have great desserts!
Is it a gallery? Yes. Is it a café? Yes. Can I buy a latté? Yes. Can I get a monthly membership? Yes. Is it awesome? YES!
You can't beat $25 a month of unlimited coffee, tea, and espresso. Plus Anthony is super friendly and nice! A great addition to the community.
Anthony and Victor are awesome - stop by for a cup of coffee and say hello!
The membership is only $25/month for unlimited coffee, tea, and expresso, not to mention discounts and invitations. A great community!
Everything's stale. The coffee sucks. Everyone is always hanging out in the back
Sausage, egg and cheese on a toasted croissant.... Tasty.
Good coffee & chocolate cookies with free wifi and a relax ambience.
The beignets are great.
The juice bar serves fresh squeezed juice, no water or sugar added. So pure and delicious.
Excellent service! Everyone that works here is so nice :) least greasy dim sum you'll find in Chinatown, too!
One of the cheapest place for dim sum!
The salt baked calamari was crunchy and delicious!
Do they have lobster on the menu?
Their signature fried rice taste super duper goooood. Get that
This place is overlooked because it is new, but it has excellent dim sum.
Terrible. This place is not good.  From food to ambiance to coffee, all were poor.
You can expect all kinds of surprises when you can't find one thing you'd want to eat on the menu. Wanted to love & support this gorgeously designed neighborhood spot but just left disappointed.
The menu is advanced and limited. Know before you go. We left hungry and light in the pocket.
Pork neck was delicious!!
Possibly the city's best beef tartar. The sweetbreads are also worth the indulgence, even if you usually avoid offal.
Poached Oyster Toast may be the single greatest bite in dumbo.
Our favorite dish is the poached oyster toast. Imagine: a lobster-emulsion-topped oysters that pop with flavor when bitten into.
You have to try the ROMAINE A LA PLANCHA, SUNFLOWER, YOGURT, GRAPES, BREAD SALAD. #Delicious
Great bread and butter as well as squash gaspacho. Main dishes a bit small and very decorated maybe stick to medium size plates
Try to grab the "chef's table" up at the back to watch kitchen theater while you dine.
From the guys at Colonie and Gran Electrica...love the beef tartar, romaine a la plancha will blow you away, gazpacho is unusual but good, best dish of the night was the baby corn and prawns.
You can expect all kinds of surprises, like beer-battered blowfish tails, farm chicken, & roasted pork neck -- all in a dual-level restaurant with 20-foot ceilings, big arched windows & a living wall.
You won’t believe the fried blowfish tails, poached oyster toasts, and pisco honey cocktails at the bar nor the cheeky wallpaper of Robert Gair. Once seated (ask for the mezzanine). Seasonal menu.
Love the green wall, and squash blossom soup.
For a refreshing summer evening dessert, try their cucumber sorbet.
Have the romaine salad. It's incredible
One wild adventure.
A palette adventure! The wine pairings are great, but with a 12-course tasting it's a LOT of food and drink.
Experimental, technical dishes.Try the hot pink noodles made from lobster roe, or sticky nigiri of mackerel and salsify, beaded with trout roe and seaweed.  Critics' choice for best Manhattan splurge.
Go for the larger of the two tasting menus. It is worth it for the dessert courses alone!
Pho gras, as in foie gras and pho, is to die for! Nuff said!
Get the BRAVO housewife badge here and the ZAGGAT badge also.
trust us! just go!
Michelin 2012 ★
Trust these guys with your taste buds/appetite. You cannot be disappointed.
Don't hesitate to mix everything in your plate (incl. the side sauces beautifully covering the plates) to enjoy the full flavors. Fantastic tasting experience.
ice cream bagel
Ingredients you've tasted countless times before are reinvented at wd~50. Take eggs, for example. They cure the yolks for six hours so there isn't a deluge of runny proteins or crumbling, chalky yolk.
Get the new tasting menu. It's exciting and delicious.
One of my favorite meals of all time. Get the tasting menu, don't think about it, just do it.
Um, in the new tasting menu... THAT PEEKY TOE CRAB IS UNREAL
Sit at the bar. Order a la carte.
Egg "ravioli" are the best thing on the menu. Ask for a tour of the kitchen, how things are made are better than the actual dishes.
Try the Deconstructed Fluff S'more Ice Cream - Blew my mind. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sole w/ Black Licorice Pil Pil - Most interesting dish of the night. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Veal Brisket w/ Mustard Meringue - One of my favorites. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Crab toast (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pho Gras - Sick. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Toro Nigiri - Salsify, Seaweed, Sesame (via @Foodspotting)
Root beer ribs....just do it!
Pro tip: grab a seat at the bar, get 2 courses for $25 and let Kevin make you a fantastic cocktail.
This place is very special. Its that good and then some.
If they have the French toast dessert with brown butter ice cream, get it!  It will make your mouth so happy.
Stop by for a cocktail at the bar and get blown away by their cocktail creations.
5stars across the board (1) informed and friendly staff, (2) inventive cocktails and wine list, (3) menu cover, (4) dishes are unlike anything you've had, (5) desserts will seduce you.
Go for the tasting menu with the wine pairing, worth every penny.
Best coffee around and cheap
Mike the bartender quit. Replaced by Ross. He makes a good wine spritzer (peach snaps, red wine, 7-up)
Best restaurant in NYC!
This place is tight.
The tortellini alfredo is amazing
Amazing eggplant parm!
2 words: chicken parm!
Best kept secret in NYC, my family eating here since the 50s...
Try the Osso Bucco. Best in the City. Another awesome dish is the Cornuto. Rumor has it that the bartender is the brother of Michael Imperioli.
The Italian sausage here is maybe too large for the neighborhood....if you know what I'm sayin....
Ask for the Mike and Linda D-town special!!
Bartender Mike is best in town, and takes care of locals.
Great Food, affordable prices, great, friendly staff.
Why pay more when you can pay less?
Screw you Foursauare! Yesterday I was 2 days away, today 4?????
So I get ousted, and have been here every day since and each day it is LONGER to reclaim throne, I was 1 the day I got ousted, and now 4????
This is listed as a two dollar sign place. It's actually closer to a 3 dollar sign place.
Such great service. Miso soup on arrival with the menus at lunch. Great bibimbaps with that addictive sauce. Reasonable prices in a sexy setting.
Get the Beef Dolsot bibimbap for delicious crunchy rice - and remember to ask for an egg on top!
Now Kori knows how to set the mood. This little gem is one of the few Korean restaurants in TriBeCa! Start the meal off w/ their signature wine pork belly and end w/ their rich green tea ice cream!
One of very few Korean restaurants downtown. Pretty good, if not a bit fusion-ish.
Get the cloudy bay cocktail!
Wine pork belly. Do it.
Shrimp bombs!!!!  Gotta do it. Soooo good!
My 1st time at Korean restaurant and I LOVED it.  The soju drinks are excellent and the bibeembap (sp?) Was very very tasty.
The duck salad was theeee best!
Best fried oysters. And the mouth wash in the loo ensures any date will end well.
Kori is a far cry from the bustle of 32nd Street’s Koreatown. Traditional dishes such as bibimbap, ssam and jap chae are foodie-ized but maintain the depth of the Korean palate.
Try the Spicy Chicken Lunchbox. It's great!
Try the mojito! The seabass, duck salad and pajun are delicious appetizers
I spy at the next table.. Chamchi moo chim - wild yellow tuna fin tartar, seaweed salad, korean pear and wasabi sauce .. must return with reinforcements!
Spicy chicken is great. So is the tuna salad in a bowl with rice and chili sauce.
Grilled shrimp here is yummy!
Great place to have a Cass!
Soondooboo is pretty ok but does not come with an egg or banchan. (Lunch)
chicken liver in balsmic; lasagne!
Gorganzola gnochi and apple tarte are so good! Unbeatable prices, always packed so come before 7 for a table. Cash only
Cash only but it's so cheap you won't mind. Get a huge bowl of fresh, garlicky mussels for $8.50. Salmon is great.
chicken liver, lasagne
I took my friend here to show her why is it  that olive garden sucks. We got the fruti de mari pasta, gorgonzola gnocchi, ravioli, and lasagna. Amazing yet inexpensive. Tiramisu was world class.
Great food and atmosphere, but they don't take reservations so get there early or prepare to chat it up with friends!
Great atmosphere, incredible food, very affordable. If there is a wait, you can go to the bar next door and they will come and get you. ABSOLUTELY recommend this place.
Try to go early if you can! This place gets pretty crowded during dinner times.
Loved this restaurant! Our group ordered the Caprese Salad, Seafood Pasta and the pasta with Sausage all of it was excellent.  We will definitely go back again!  Oh and did i say the prices are great!
I have a Foodgasm every time I come here (pun intended). Fabulous food, cheap prices (gasp, yes cheap! So cheap!) and a great environment.  Must have the ravioli and artichoke salad!
The gnocchi was top notch. Space is a little cramped, but what are you gonna do.
I have dreams about the gnocchi here. Drool.
Must get the pasta fagioli soup!!
Get the Taglioni Ai Frutti Di Mare if you like seafood! So delicious. Cash only
True Italian food. Cute environment and great salmon! Friends got the gnocchi and the lasagna, which were also delicious!
Gnocco Fritto is tha bomb.
Amazing, inexpensive Italian. Go for the sliced steak or pasta with bolognese. House red wine is for winners ;) cash only!!
The Tagliolini ai Frutti di Mare (seafood pasta) is delicious!
Expect a wait. But if you put your name down they'll come find you at the bar next door and let you carry your wine back when your table is ready.
Get the lasagna.
Cash only, great prices, great food, cute summer dinner/date spot.
always satisfiying
Put your name ib early...hour plus wait on a Thursday.
cash only! gnoccho fritto, spaghettini al Pomodoro, lasagna, tagliolini ai frutti di mare
Simple pasta and wine. Cheap and delicious. One of my favorite spots.
Dear liver, why are you so tasty? Yours, Me
Excelente escolha de cantina simples com boa comida e preço justo.
Frutti de mare and the gnocco fritto with stracciano cheese.
Cash only.
Get the lasagna!
My go to Sushi spot. I LOVE their Bento boxes. 2 entrees with a California roll, salad & soup for $12.
$5 halal can't beat the price, very good but he seems to get mad if you don't buy a drink with your food.
Food only soso and very loud
Great lamb malai curry. ask for it spicy, it packs a punch! Delish.
The Tika salad is good, mango chicken curry not so...and the kingfisher beer is double size
The Banana fritters are amazing!!
They have a sitar player!  Come for the ambiance
Large fruit salad $3.50!
Yummy shake with protein - booyah
Open late!
Almost always a line early, best arriving around 1:45 - 2:30 ish.
Chicken Pita with Hot and White sauce. $3. NICE!
Cheap, delicious lunch food. Trust the man, get the green sauce.
The new butter chicken is awesome
STREAT MEET
Worst Hazelnut Hot AND Iced Coffee EVERYTIME!
Don't put skim milk in Cinnamon coffee! www.kashguha.com
Give yourself time to wait because you'll be watching paint dry
Worst service ever
Hidden right down the subway steps next the the Duane Reade under the Snapple Theatre
Waffle breakfast sandwiches are back (oh the insanity)
It's true, Raj is always here.  That's why I cum here.
The pizza was nasty but it's a nice environment.
Fake Mayor Alert: the Mayor is an employee! SMH
Make sure there's not a dj before wasting $5 on the machine.
Great Wednesday and Thursday DJ Fullthrottle! From 6pm till 1 am in the back bar. :)
New Year's Eve 2013 at Opal at Monday, Dec 31, 2012
FYI, Djs have to pay for drinks....!
Halloween Bar Crawl NYC 2012 Party at Saturday, Oct 27, 2012. Buy Tickets at http://www.kicktickets.com/new-york/1226/2012/10/27/halloween-bar-crawl-nyc-opal
Best steak sandwich!
Come visit me Wednesday through Saturday nights!
Go here Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday when the gorgeous Lisa is bar-tending! One of New York's best bartenders!
New specials! Come to find out! Sundays unlimited mimosas with ur brunch¡
Be careful..you will get drunk quickly, but the music is awesome!
Do yourself a HUGE favor and do not order the beef nachos.
Great place and nice staff, check out the Cajun Chicken Wrap.
This is not a hopeless place. Love can be found
Happy hour 12pm-7pm M-F
$20 Brunch W/ Unlimited Mimosas served til 6pm !!!
ask for Jane... she is HOT
Mother fuuuuuuuckin microbes
20$ open bar Thursdays 6-9pm
If you are looking for Raj, find him here
The pigs in a blanket app is my staple! Service is pretty good, too.
Use bartab to redeem a $1 drink and send your friends a drink with the bartab application.. only on iPhone and Android.
Cuttest server!!!
Sat night back bar is the place to be!
Drink here.
Fun spot. Especially the flankensen
Fun place with awesome DJs... and it sticks to their promise. You gotta try it!!!
they dont honor their tip! All they were willing to give me was a bud light and not 2 for 1 drinks!!!!
Excellent food and service!
A bit pricy for a restaurant with no current hype. The wagyu burger was excellent, but the duck confit pizza was a bit dry. Who still puts white truffle oil on everything?
Great polenta, good service
Original flavor is the Best!
Good basic food. I'll be back.
Head to the bar inside during the winter for $3 beers and a surprisingly fun atmosphere without the LOOOOOOONG waits of the outdoor area during the summer.
Great atmosphere, super nice servers, delicious frozen margaritas, and great prices! The outdoor seating area is also really nice and located in a neat little courtyard.
My favorite urban oasis in NYC :)
good, cheap bulldogs (corona in margarita)
Try the Grilled Cheese - extra greasy, but tasty!
Cheap beers and good burgers. Nice outdoor pati. Order everything at one time. Drinks come quick but refills, food and check....good luck. Be prepared to take a longer lunch break.
They have a great burger with buffalo sauce and awesome hand-cut fries! Good cheap eats!
Deliciously priced frozen adult beverages & great service!
I come here a lot. Never really get carded often. The waitress I had carded me(I am 21 and not afraid to show it) bit forgot my I'd. She was rude after that. Half ignored me, didn't mean to forget it.
If you get Denise as your waitress, ask for someone else! Worst service!
Service sucks big time! Pink lemonade bulldog... delish!
Owned by the same people who own Blockheads, this place has the same drinks as Blockheads but also sells burgers. I would definitely recommend the Mexican Bulldog! Great scenery when its nice outside.
With $3 margaritas & $6 burgers...Oh Mother!!!
$4 Margaritas! #winning
Amex special is great!  Make sure to get a Mexican Bulldog while you're waiting for your table!
The bartender Tim is awesome!
$3 margaritas? Try $4, still delicious though. We were told a 35 min. wait but got seated in 10!
This place makes me feel as if I was in the tropic!! Love it.. Can't wait to come here in the summer
Get the Mother Nachos Burger <3
Great food...don't overlook this place. $5 frozen margarita's. Great veggie burger. Other gormet burgers too. Fries are real with the skin on. You pick your burger toppings.
Can this get any greaser? Lol love it!
Nacho burger = yum
Get a frozen margarita. These are the best in order: Coconut (no, really), raspberry, strawberry, and mango.
Be sure to try one of the $3 margaritas! - Andrea / Marketing Dept.
same price drinks as Blockheads. The plus is you can sit at the bar just for drinks & catch a game on the flat screens!
Bummer this place does'nt serve Dr.Pepper,Coke or Sprite ;( hopefully the food makes up for it
Being next door to Blockheads, this burger joint often times gets overlooked.  Try this bar for shorter lines, margaritas that are priced the same and, oh yeah, a burger!
Strong, cheap margaritas
Margaritas are great.
I love the sample mozzarella dip! Tasty selection of cheese! :)
just flat pizza ||
Chicken Parm doesn't disappoint.
Best pizza in town! Also has an amazing meatball parmesan hero and a great house salad. Actually all of their food is good. Can't go wrong.
The salads here are actually amazing. Try the Caesar salad for sure!
One of the best regular slices in the city. Get down.
Fast delivery!  Super fresh ingredients!  Glad they're my neighbors for more than 2 decades!
Really cheesy, really delicious
Big saucy slices and hefty chicken parmesan heroes. For more reviews check out www.pizzasnobo.com.
Big saucy slices and hefty chicken parmesan heroes. For more reviews check out www.pizzasnobo.com.
In an area of mediocre slice joints, this is by far the best.  Too bad they're not open late.
Best pizza in this hood...homie in the baseball cap hooks me up and keeps me up date on boxing. 2tu
The best pizza crown in America given by Oprah. I like!
Good pizza and decently priced in an area where quality pizza is scarce
The food from this truck always smells and tastes soooo good.
They call that an espresso… are you kidding me?
The pancakes are good. Probably the best I've had in a long time. But the maple syrup butter? What a joke! Don't get the potato pancakes either. It tasted burnt.
OK... So the sugar cured bacon, OMG! It's just BACON! I hate when people build stuff up. It's such a let down...
Cash only!
Amazing little place. We tried the spanish scramble and blueberry pancakes and it was delish. There was a lineup when we got there but kindly got a table right away cause we were 2  ;)
Good pancakes but wouldn't say worth the wait. Went on a Friday around 2pm and still waited an hour. 3/5 stars, overrated, if you do go order sweet over savory, eggs were just okay.
pancakes pancakes pancakes
The tip list on foursquare is longer than the wait. You might finish reading by the time a table opens up!
Come by yo damn self to be seated with ease at the bar and be served in 5 minutes flat. Leave all friends and cohorts at their respective homes or cubicles.
Todo delicioso, no hay pierde! Los Benedict eggs son el cielooo!
vacci,csro,mio,diccelo
how can i buld my own application
Maple bacon is the best!
Dinner is just as crowded as brunch on most nights now, FYI.
Cash only & gratuity is included on your bill. You dont have to pay addtional tip.
They give you mini pancakes while you wait to be seated. Winner winner chicken dinner.
good pancakes
The black & white cake is decadent but oh so delicious. The pumpkin cheesecake was creamy. They were nice enough to give us that morning's scones for free since we were there late at night.
Hostess looks like Rachel from Glee
Best pancakes ever !!!
vai.diccelo.
dillo.caro.vacci.mio.amore.caro.
Dinner is the way to go - no wait and you can still get the delicious pancakes. Plus, if you're there at the end of the day, you might just score some free baked goods to take home.
dillo.caro.di.mammo
Over- rated. It's pancakes for gods sake.
The blueberry pancakes are worth the hype, especially with the maple butter syrup. Order a serving and share it with someone you love.
i thought i had my hypothetical last meals all figured out until i had the blueberry pancakes here. unreal.
the place to be in NY. Unforgettable food experience! HUUUUUGEEEE PANCAKES!
Vanilla in EVERYTHING
Delicious pancakes!!! But note: CASH ONLY!
Try the Banana Walnut Pancakes - two-hour wait for brunch! (via @Foodspotting)
Get the chicken chunks!!!
Cuban sando ftw!
Get the ajiaco on Friday's.
Smoked turkey sandwich is very bland
Everything you'd expect Soho lunching to be.
Smoked Turkey and Avocado Mayo
The roast beef is exceptional, as is the flank steak sando. Ignore the salads, not because they are salads, but because they are served with no dressing and just aren't as good as the rest of the menu
The soup + half special sandwich makes a good lunch that's not too big.
Sandwiches here are amazing!! Try the specials :) cookies are yummy too
Fantastic sandwich bar for SoHo lunch
Really good sandwiches, quick service and good quality. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Stumptown costs more here than anywhere else I've seen. Food looks great but customer service needs help
Carrying Stumptown coffee now, yay.
The 1/2 Olive's hero, cookie, and lemonade special is a great summery lunch
C O W G I R L cookie.
mom's chicken noodle ftw
I love the Olives Hero.
Any of the sandwiches is fantastic!
Used to be a huge fan but sandwiches are now half the size of what they used to be!! Super Disappointing.
Hard to go wrong here, but favorites are 1. Oatmeal raisin cookies; 2. Ancho Chili Rubbed Steak sandwich; 3. Roasted shitake mushrooms sandwich
I'd recommend this store for their sandwiches and register staff, but management is real rude and apparently you're not allowed to take photos.
Love their choc chip cookies!
if meat is on the menu, eat it
Soup and sandwich specials are so good!
just had the special: thanksgiving sandwich. it was unbelievable.
My favorite walkin sandwich shop in SoHo!  The mozzarella sandwich is God's Gift!  Tip: Go EARLY, or expect a line. Expect near Soup-Nazi treatment from the clerk if you mess up the order and payment.
You can sign up to get their specials & they will faxed or email them to you daily.
The grilled chicken breast + chipotle mayo is a good choice.
Thursday's special sandwich: avocado, havarti and sprouts is amazing. Get the fresh lemonade if it's available!
and get a muffin
Yabanmersinli cookie'sini denemeden gitmeyin!
Must get the market salad with shrimp
Most of their soups are good here, and change daily, but keep an eye out for the 5 bean chili, or the yellow split pea.
This is my go-to spot for post-work drinks, food, and a cozy hangout spot. The mussels are amazing. You'll want extra bread to soak up the yummy buttery juice. The Orchard Ocean is a great cocktail.
Stellar brunch soundtrack. Also the avocado toast and egg sandwich are both solid. Good coffee. Bloody Mary just ok. Service super friendly but absent.
Flat white is chocolatey. They use Counter Culture coffee.
Get a window seat and a flat white!
The fries with truffle aoli are to die for!
Grilled peaches!
Best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had.
New. Australian-American. Lineup of burgers, pasta, crostini. Cocktails served from behind the curving marble bar. Taste the egg sandwiches. Serving dinner every night until 2 a.m
one of the best egg sandwiches in the city. grits are also bonkers
Grab a couple of small plates to share before the Bronte burger
The food, drinks and coffee are amazing. Get the something with vodka
Just opened good spot for lunch.
Nice bar, menu is simple but good. I would come back for drinks/food.
Opened today. Nice staff! Cool place for a beer! Haven't tried the food
Try the new 2010 Malophet. A Grenache/Syrah blend and lovely.
Tapas fans, this is a god damn gem!
Fantastic tapas and wine
$1 oysters until 7pm EVERYDAY! ooh la la
Small wine bar;
Get the Bourgogne alligote and croque Monsieur
$1 oyster happy hour before 7pm, $2.50 afterwards.
If you believe, as some very respected chefs do, that our Pepper Sauce is great with oysters, be sure to ask for it when you hit up $1 oyster happy hour
New chef de cuisine! Come try the new dishes...
Bartender makes great wine recommendations. So good that I had 7 glasses. Food was good.
Try the bikini.
$1 oysters, 5-7pm, every day.
Finding Ten Bells can be tricky – look for a small black sidewalk sign in front of a heavy black door on Broome Street between Orchard and Ludlow. Get there before 7pm to enjoy oysters for $1 each.
Straight up next level. Don't tell anyone you don't like.
Great local spot. It's a must if you can find an open seat. Delicious little tapas and an extensive and impressive wine list. Doesn't hurt that it always smells like garlic and butter, either!
Love the energy here. Could be a great first date spot. Cheers!
Though the cash-only policy is inconvenient, the wines are always distinctive, and we like how there are always interesting surprises on the constantly rotating wine list.
Appetizers are the bomb! (Thanks to @dens for having me/for letting me crash his party. Had a real good time with Jeremy and the 4sq crew!)
Awesome place! Great ambiance and great food. Take time for a glass of wine with some raw oyster or duck rillettes!
Order the salmon tartar!
Whoa try the magnum Filles de l'aire. Amazing.
Da best wine bar. Bar none.
Don't come here alone- waited 8 min with glass of wine for my GF when French guy with glasses hassled me. Seat near drafty door=prime real estate?Guess bar as mtg place is not part of biz model.
$1 NY oysters (Widow's hole or Naked coyboy) during happy hour.  Can't go wrong!
Always go for a magnum of wine. Great list and José won't let you down with his recs.
The vibe at night is so different than early evening. Prefer the happy hour to 8pm feel
Forget about the menu, just ask to impress you with an appetizer and wine and they will!
Que Paso (!)
Always start with some sparkling wine and then let Emily choose for you
Ask for Jose!! H is amazing.
All-You-Can- Eat and Drink spaghetti& meatballs and sangria on Mondays!
fettucine al funghi was excellent
Lightly cooked Salmon was an excellent dish...definitely will be going back.
Mondays have all you can eat AND drink for $21.95
Lower East Side – For $19.95 any brunch item with unlimited champagne, mimosas or bellinis (cash only)
go for brunch, get booze
This tiny Lower East Side venue serves a $19.95 3-hour brunch complete with unlimited champagne, mimosas and belinis alongside one of their tasty Italian-inspired plates. Tré has it all for brunch.
90 min of unlimited spaghetti w/ meatballs and sangria on Mon. Do it!! It'll change your life.
Fettuccine funghie is amazing. Eat the hell out of it!
Sit in the garden!
This has one of the best burgers in NYC! Great boozy brunch deal
Cute spot, not expensive, exposed brick and good food.
entree and unlimited mimosas/bellinis/champagnefor 21.95. the burger is amazing.
Simply unbeatable weekend brunch with bottomless 1.5hour champagne!! Don't be a rookie. Srsly
Cauliflower hummus tastes like an expensive paté...so yummy!
The Best Brunch you can ever get!
For brunch, the Rigatoni Carbonara wins over the Fusilli Napoletani.
Best endive salad and awesome sangria!
Boozy brunch, if your drunk they are sticklers with the champagne
Come on weekends for bottomless champagne/mimosa/bellini for an hour and a half!!
Delicious wine and food!!
Make sure all of your pains are champagne!
Unlimited sangria and meatballs on Monday nights for $20/person.
Dark as fuck!
Amazing lasagna
Meatballs are amazing!  Better than the meatball shop meatballs.
Food is great. Don't get the Sangria.
Fettucini al funghi is delicious. Then again, I'm a sucker for truffle oil.
Food is great,  but gluten free people be sure to remind them about cross contamination. I had a piece of linguini in my pasta.
Food is great,  but gluten free people be sure to remind them about cross contamination. I had a piece of linguini in my pasta. :-(
Abdellah is the happiest man in the city. His smile makes the coffee taste even better.
Start with the truffle pizza, get the (deliciously juicy) pan roasted organic chicken, or the orecchiette with lamb sausage and rapine. Come back for the truffle pizza again!
Order the truffle pizza and orecchiette!!
Get the truffle pizza, orecchietti pasta or linguine a la vongole the scallops and sit at the bar, you will love it...
:) love this place
The people who work here are the sweetest! Sincere and friendly. Also, the best chicken noodle soup and great lunch prices
This place is great. Quick and fast service too!
I miss Apollo. Faster service
You can try something new everyday for a month but if ur a regular they'll remember what you like...
Turkey Egg & Swiss on Whole Wheat!!!!
I loved -- that's right, loved this place...they closed down and combined with their place across the street
Bacon and cream cheese on a toasted English muffin will make you feel sprightly after too many cocktails the night prior.
great prices and the staff is nice. their bagels are great. one time i spilled my drink at the register and they couldn't have been nicer about it, giving me a new one for free!
This is probably the best deli around the area. Great breakfast sandwiches, awesome soups for lunch. Friendly and helpful staff. The low prices will amaze you. Go once, and you'll always come back.
Great (and cheap) breakfast sandwiches!
Unless you are a girl, the guy at the cash register is a dick
The bagel and coffee guys are THE BEST here.
really good egg white sandwiches and have good turkey bacon
The burgers are amazing...
I swear the fries are reheated/refried McDonald's fries. Other than that, pretty good place. The chili burger is messy (to be expected) & delicious. Should be $1-2 less than it is but what can ya do.
Order 24 beers and enjoy
Grilled cheese FAIL :(
ÓTIMO LUGARRRRRRRR
Olá, é ótimo para escrever pleassure você depois de ver o seu perfil em https://foursquare.com contato comigo através deste e-mail (ritaelvis69@yahoo.com)  para ouvir de you.Rita   gqef
Still the best burger place IMO. On the late side in the middle of the week you can get a seat pretty easy.
muito com o pão com ovo frito daqui kkkkkkkkkkk
Great burgers and the real Village feeling! Be prepared for long queues-good things come to those who wait...
Incredible bar burger. You need to try this.
Muito legal.
Muito Bom!
Sit at the bar for the complete experience
Chicken sandwiches are good too, if you don't want a burger.
Great burger but definitely not top 5. Plus: decided to add bacon to this burger and it was actually crispy (without even asking)!!! Pet peeve is raw-ish bacon on a burger (or anything really).
Cheap, cash only, and a true "backyard BBQ" style burger.  awesome.
Pra ser o melhor hambúrguer do Mundo e ser tão famoso falta muito.... Lugar velho, caindo aos pedaços. Hambúrguer sem sal, sem tempero.... Não recomendo !!!
I live in ATL and orig from NJ; been here many times when I live here!! Burgers are da bomb!! All we have here  are 5 guys (yum) and The vorteX(yum)
It's jus fine.
Ni le moins cher ni le meilleur de NYC (selon les guides touristiques). Plutôt décevant même. N'y aller que pour voir où venait Alexander MacQueen et pour le critiquer comme dans HIMYM.
The best burger of the NYC!
Burger. Fries. McSorley's light or dark. You can't go wrong.
Try the Hamburger (via @Foodspotting)
Try the BLT (via @Foodspotting)
Hello.good morning
Don't believe the hype. Rude bartender. It's cheap burgers, but not worth it. They are not that special.
Fantastic old bohemian hangout. One of a kind stops in the village.
Bring a thick skin. Was told by waiter that I 'can't do whatever the fuck I want', after our party pulled a two top over.Turns out there was a mix up regarding our party size. I love NY!
A cheap beer anytime any day; $3 for McSorleys
CASH ONLY!
The countdown has started! NYs Eve 2013, Great Food, Amazing DJ, Lots of Bubbly, Great vibes. From 5pm to 7am ;) Reservation @ 212 255 3900 or www.barrio47.com
Try Sangria!! Thank me later.
WE ARE OPEN FOR BRUNCH SAT & SUN starting @ noon. Serving 3 amazing sandwiches on Amy's baguette, with french fries: SUCKLING PIG, LEG OF LAMB, ROASTED CHICKEN...
We are serving candlelight dinner tonight for the third night in a row. Thanks to our wood-fired brick oven!!!
Can't wait to celebrate on Wednesday after this crazy weather!!!
It's official, it has begun...
http://www.enflyer.com/app/support/view_cached_enflyer.php?eid=122170&cid=194532
$1 oysters at its happy hour along with your standard happy hour drinks everyday from 5 to 7 p.m
Sept 14: DJ ANNA CAVAZOS starting at 9pm...
Tonight, sat sept 8: DJ MooS JuH, it's all about good vibes...
Starting tonight Thursday, Sept 6, we are welcoming DJ Guillaume Boulard. Guillaume is always in search of the "groove" which he finds by playing Brazilian, Salsa, Nu-Disco, & Deep House.
Tues, Aug 28: FARM TO FIRE - Coal Fired Flank Steak, Porcini Mushroom Potato Puree, Balsamic Glazed Shallots, Arugula and White Asparagus with a Chipotle Cumin Bearnaise Sauce. $25 www.barrio47.com
FARM TO SHAKER: starting sept 10...
Today is Farm to Fire: Slow Poached Baramundi, Paprika Potato Leek Purée, Caraway Cauliflower Roasted Tomatoes finished with a Grilled Scallion Sauce. $25. Reserve at www.barrio47.com
It was empty so I was nervous but it was great. Shrimp rolls & octopus tacos were awesome. Bloody Mary's were good even tho I hate them. Sit by window for good ppl watching. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
FARM TO FIRE - TUESDAY, AUG 7 Marjoram Rosemary Grilled Flat Iron Steak, Harissa Couscous, Tomato Coriander Aioli & Crispy Mozzarella. $25 Reservations: http://barrio47.com/reservations.html
Come try our Horchata Tequila Punch today for National Tequila Day! also an amazing leg of lamb with a Mexican twist...
BASTILLE DAY $5 ROSE WINE TIL 2AM  http://dinersjournal.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/07/13/weekend-fare-100/ http://newyork.grubstreet.com/2012/07/bastille-day-eating-drinking-new-york.html
"Z" Revolution at BARRIO 47 this Saturday, July 14th. €4 ($5) Glass of Rosé Wine from Brunch (noon) to end of dinner (2am). Happy Bastille Day!!!
Check out our new gallery page with new pics of cocktails & food: http://barrio47.com/gallery.html
This place is amazing. Kelvin is an extremely creative mixologist.
This is how we celebrate YOUR birthday @ BARRIO 47...
http://www.opentable.com/barrio-47?rid=77263&restref=77263&intcmp=dcw
BARRIO 47: Voted #1 Mediterranean restaurant in NYC!!!
We had to do this!!!$1 Oysters and Happy Hour everyday 5-7pm
We had to do this!!!$1 Oysters and Happy Hour everyday! 5-7pm
FARM TO FIRE tonight: PAN SEARED DUCK BREAST, Israeli Mediterranean style Couscous $25. Reserve at: http://barrio47.com/reservations.html or 212.255.3900
I Bloody Love Brunch! Great brunchy menu and crazy Bloodys...check menu at http://barrio47.com/docs/brunch.pdf
Easily the strangest experience I have had trying to pay my bill.  Review your bill carefully! And enjoy the drinks and food!
"I Bloody Love Brunch"! Come try our amazing Bloody Mary's http://barrio47.com/docs/brunch-menu-5_3_12.pdf
Hey what's app
Maybe Danny Meyer and I just don't mix. But this, like all the others, seems to over promise and under deliver. But if you're trying to impress, few places are more show-y in midtown.
Desserts are a tour de force here, and influenced by the sensibilities of an Alsatian chef. The wine list includes off-the-beaten-path selections.
high falutin' fare for a high falutin' night! Start out at MoMa...eat here...end up over at Radio City or Carnegie Hall. Kicking it high class!
Michelin 2012 ★
Alaskan King Crab Salad “Cannelloni” is amazing. Order with dressing on the side.
Indulge in the 7-course tasting menu and die happy.
The sleek eatery at the Museum of Modern Art is just as much a masterpiece as the works inside the museum (recently re-imagined and expanded by Japanese architect Yoshio Taniguchi).
Overwrought
Modern French Cuisine.  Outstanding ambiance, food and service.
Absolutely AMAZING food and drinks!
The Modern has views of MoMa’s sculpture garden, and the menu is all French-inflected suave goodness, but the real allure here is its sense of civilized escape.
Sit at the bar and ask for John. He'll set up.
Bring a jacket/ cardigan as the AC is on VERY high during the Summer ;-)
For a special evening with a special someone
:) :) listen! thanks!!!!
The liverwurst here is out of control. No joke.
The prix fix menu is a good value, you get several extra little dishes & lots of chocolate at the end.
One of the few restaurants with Rodenbach Grand Cru - one of the best beers I have ever tried.
If you don't try the lobster pappardelle you're an idiot. Five stars!
Food taste & texture is excellent but small portions. Unfriendly staff. A bit too expensive for what you actually get.
Best Flammenkuchen this side of the Atlantic
Zomg! Food was amazing. Must try the beignets for dessert!
food : looks like art !
one of my favorites. try the pralines of foie gras terrine with a girovita cocktail
From the food to the space, there is a consistency of theme, and it works. FYI: While they're linked by overall aesthetics and cuisine concepts, Bar Room and the Dining Room function separately,
tarte flambee
Modern Martini - my favorite.
Very refined food in a beautiful room. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One Michelin star.
Hot yogurt soup
A fast-bite lunch and dinner place where miraculous things are done with lamb and eggplant. Try the rich ground lamb-and-mashed ali nazik or the outstanding grilled lamb meatballs
good turkish place. Might I recommend the eggplant stew with milk.
Lunch is great and no need to tip.
Be aware: they refuse to serve you tap water!
Village Voice is excited to have Bi Lokma at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Cash only for under $20
Try the Ali nazik
Recommended dishes: Hot yogurt soup, sautéed spinach, Coban salad, grilled lamb meatballs, ali nazik.
Winner of Best Use of Grape Leaves in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! No canned stuff here - just perfectly rolled grape leaves!
Good food, cozy place, one of the places that u should definitely  try in the city
N-Sider hot-spot for takeout- We love the baked chicken and rice pilaf. They are both flavorful and cooked to perfection!
This just might be the best cheap lunch in Midtown.
Hot yogurt soup is delish!
great food here, and get the baklava for dessert!
after I ate two lahmajoon, I had diarrhea.
the lamb is remarkable
Old crowd. Don't meet the dress code for Empire, come here.
This place is awesome! Have to try the penne.
Smaller portions, but the beef medallions in peppercorn sauce and tortellini with gorgonzola were phenomenal!
And old school option that’s full of charm and flavors. Order the Mussels, Beet Salad and Sardine special and white wine for a post-Opera/Ballet treat.
I would eat the butternut squash ravioli every day of my life if I could. Unbelievably good.
Order the fettuccine! The pasta here is so fresh!!!!
do not order the the crispy calamari, they give you give pieces that look like onion rings for $9 ridiculous!!!!!!!
Hard to beat three rolls and a salad for $14! And get the sweet potato roll - it's delicious!
Tastes like grocery store sushi.
Tip on Miso Soup
In the back you can get $5 Chinese food plates with 3 toppings
$13.99 dinner special - 3 rolls of your choice plus salad. Not bad
By far the WORST sushi I have ever eaten. Not fresh!! I should have known better than to go somewhere on 8th ave...
Decent lunch special, the yellowtail jalapeño roll is pretty unique
Super sweet staff! 12 pieces, for $11, not bad at all. I had sweet potato roll & avocado, both delicious! I'll definitely be back there soon!
Great deal for rolls!
The lunch special bento box is good. Good portion of food for $9. I usually get the chicken teriyaki bento box, comes with miso soup.
The dishes are not only terrific, the staff is seriously SO sweet and friendly. Best!
Pretty good, bulk Mexican.  Nothing really sticks out though.
Great tortilla soup, fajitas enchiladas and margs. A good go to Mexican spot!
Good reasonably priced Mexican.
$10 Fajita night on Monday
The Steak Fahita is to die for.
Watch out for hairs in your soup...and other foods.
Solid ehhhhh. Chicken tortilla soup and veggie chili leave room for improvement. And the service leaves much to be desired. Be prepared for what you are getting into and you'll be less disappointed.
Aztec Nachos w/ extra jalapeños - yum!
Best guacamole in town! Get it spicy! Great margs too.
Noisy as hell. Food was not so good and salty.
Good food, great margaritas!
Great $10 lunch specials during the week.
Tortilla soup is really good, light and hearty. Margarita is good. Huge portion.
Most baby friendly restaurant on the UES with great food and mind-blowing margaritas.
Mm margaritas! mango, frozen and salty please.
The Chicken Burrito is delicious!
Steak salad at lunch is great. Very fast and courteous service!
Try the taco bowl!
best fajitas ever! lunch specials are awesome too!
Calamari is like bible gum very chewy
The fajitas are great but every time I get my dinner wrapped up, they leave something out. Every time!
Try the mahi mahi... Extraordinarily good!
The Aztec Nachos are amazing! Best nachos ever... I crave them on a regular basis. Must. Try.
The strip steak with mushroom sauce is huge and super delicious!
Strawberry margaritas and calamaris!!!
So-so food, but good enough for a pretty fun night with friends. wings are decent, quesadillas are pretty good. attentive and pleasant staff.
tostada salad with chicken or the spinach salad with steak... both are fab!
calamari - deeeeeeeeelicious
The fajitas are amazingly delicious! I got steak AND chicken!
Didn't have Cherry Coke but its all good... The regular coke is awesome though!
Some of the best fare on the UES.
Love the food here. Even the tofu is flavorful and satisfying as an option. I got free kimchi on the house, too. They are always so nice.
Tried it out because of the above reviews! AWSOME the beef short ribs are my favourite!! Loved it
The place is run by the most darling old Korean woman. She watches over you like a mother hen. The fare is comfort food, so it feels like you're being pampered at home.
Read about this place on Yelp and took a chance.Looks like they live off delivery but we sat for lunch and beers.Food was perfect. Seriously. Scallion pancakes -> Wassabi dumplings -> Short ribs. mmm
Awesome food!  Wish they were in Hell's Kitchen!!!
Good experience, good sushi, great service, very kind people.
If u want free wine with your $15 purchase just ask. Everyone is very nice here. It is nothing fancy.   I do love it when u feel casual in the summer. The patio feels like u r having a picnic.
Try the Chirashi - A perfect box of protean  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tofu Steak - #vegetarian.  (via @Foodspotting)
This place needs a serious make over!
sooo good!!!
Just tell Chita (the quiet guy behind the counter) to make whatever rolls he feels like.  Like Heaven in your mouth!
This place got a lot of bad reviews which I wish I had read before I ordered a huge portion of sushi, but, I actually had a really pleasant experience here. Rolls were good, sashimi good, sake good.
The sushi is below average. Order $15 and more did not get any free wine or sake. Need to ask for a special menu, otherwise they will not give to you.
YEA! I ordered more than $15. No wine. Pissed.
What's grosser than gross? Planet Sushi.
Try the Watermelon martini and spot it on Foodspotting!
Free sake, wine or beer when you spend $15. GALACTIC AWESOME.
Dried out nori, dried out and warm sushi. Skip this place
Sushi rice is hard, the sashimi is more like steak slices, and the sake tastes like cheap boxed wine.  You should definitely SKIP this place.
I ordered more than 15$ and did not got a wine!! :(
free Saki with $15 entree
Order more than $15 and you get a free sake or house wine.
Chile poblano soup. You won't regret it.
The soft shell Chicken Mole tacos will melt in your mouth and make you do the hat dance! Mild, Medium, or Spicy? Go for the Spicy!!!
Three different salsas to choose from. The potato jalapeño quesadilla is a great drunk snack.
No credit cards just cash make sure to tip uour waitress she remember faces lol
Black bean nachos and tortilla soup are out of this world. Total hidden gem.
The tortilla soup rocks and they have delicious fish tacos on the weekends!
A little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant and the food reflects the name.  The burritos are huge and very good.  Be advised as it is cash only.
Killer mole and solid fish tacos. BYOB.
Yummy enchiladas - try the mole!
The burritos are hardly "great," but the guacamole is flippin' amazing.
Awesome chips, salsas and the BEST GUACAMOLE!
Best chicken chipotle
The chicken chipotle burrito and the tomatillo salsa are the best mexican food I've ever had.  I love this place.
Bit on the expensive side but delicious. Mole and pork tinga all the way; sanitary Grade A!
BYOB!
The burritos are large enough to split
Pay by the pound. Great vegetables & meat selection.
Chicken noodle and miso soups are excellent. Bring a pen and paper for ordering breakfast or lunch AT&T counter. They're either deaf or plain rude. I'm starting to think the latter after 7-days!!
Has a wide selection of food and drink so great for grab and going you are staying at a local hotel
They don't have everything, but if you're at a nearby hotel, and need something to eat or drink you can find something here.
Worst sandwich/wraps ever! And over priced for crappy food. If you're in a rush for anything fast, go else where. Service is terrible as well. Too damn grouchy for no reason.
Try the Mongolian style pick n mix noodle option. Very cool
Good spot for breakfast
Giant rip off
This place would be great for doing work if it weren't for all the children and people...
What if they tried to actually be polite?
This place is crowded and little turnover for tables.
Really good salads.
Horribly inexperienced staff. I strongly suggest WATCHING THEM make your order.
Turkish coffee = Coffee heaven
Cheat on Starbucks with the delicious Ice Aroma Light.
The menu says soup of the day comes w/"homemade garlic croutons" but when I ordered they served reg bread.When I asked for the croutons they looked at me like I was crazy & said theyd have 2 charge me
baby and nanny central. avoid at all costs if you want to get any work done
They need to hire a DJ -- For example: The music shifts from jazz to Rod Stewart, and The Cars to Classical. Total music mindfuck!
Lots of space and comfortable chairs. There's an upstairs.
Free piece of chocolate with any coffee drink! The salads and sandwiches are good too, and the UWS location has a nice upstairs with couches and an outdoor patio.
There's outdoor seating upstairs! Great little patio to grab some fresh air!
Try the warmed up mini apple strudels.
Sweet potato / lentil salad
Really cozy atmosphere. By far my favorite aroma in the city! Comfy chairs and on a nice day you can sit outside on the roof.
I feel like I'm back in Israel!
This Israeli coffee chain has fresh food and delicious coffee. Come to reminisce about your times in Tel Aviv.
Absolutely putrid espresso and poor service.  From what I can tell, it's Starbucks with upscale branding.
Ice Aroma ftw!
Love the chicken caesar salad
AVOID!  rude service.  slow. dirty.
Writing Nook Tip: Yummy food, back patio complete with outlets & couches upstairs. Just beware the wifi. You only get 30 free min per purchase.
Staff lovely food great and fab place for kids lots of high chairs and changing table ! Seats really comfy too.
The $5 dollars off with $5 spent is Not honored. Apparently that is 'just for corporate'. Hmm.  Highlight, the upstairs garden is great.
The alfajor (South American cookie) is light and delicious!
Lemonade is out of a carton. Don't bother.
Great sandwiches
Power dinner and power breakfast!!! Go to post run meal- delicious!!
They have a nice "secret" patio upstairs in the back - great for summer!!!! (or a winter like this...)
Say hi to Swarley!
PHOTO: Check out this great pic from 1947 of children beating the summer heat outside on the street!
Amazing! Sooooo good!
Order wild musroom quesadilla.. Or 10$ brunch.. Awesome food
Best brunch in the area! $10.00 including coffee. Best French Toast I have ever had!
Amazing all around!
Take a trip to Paris. Try their croissant with ham and cheese. True French style.
Try the Chocolate Croissant - Little bit heavier before dinner. :(   / 夕飯前にはチト重いかったかな・・・ (via @Foodspotting)
A longtime West Chelsea mainstay. Check out the ancient espresso machine. If you want to venture beyond their great croissants, they have a super-rich almond brioche toast, and a nice coffee eclair.
The almond croissant is killer.
Order a fruit danish
Almond french toast. One of the most amazing things you'll ever eat.
Best pastries in Chelsea hands down!
The Croque monsieur to go was ice cold and god awful.
Almond croissant is unspeakably delicious
Palmiers, chocolate croissants, almond croissants = all delicious.
The eggs baltic were one of the best ive had in the city! And they dont douse it with sauce which is great
Try: Almond Broiche, ham and cheese croissant, duck pate sandwich, chocolate croissant... Great little cafe.
The hot chocolate here is so good! Try the almond croissants as well :)
The pane chocolat are some if the best around!
Amazing French pastries, music, and staff. Great place for a coffee date!
Beware of the babies. They frequent this place in droves.
In addition to all the tasty bakeries, they have lots of pre-made cold cuts/sandwiches to go. Makes for quick lunch/snack/picnic solution.
Deliciously delicious almond croissant.
Best ham and cheese croissant downtown!
Bad expensive food. The $5.50 mini Neopolitan was so dry and horrid-I would have been better off just eating my cash. And they wouldn't refund me even though I only tasted it before bringing it back.
An amazing piece of Paris transported to Chelsea.  Our concierge at 6 Columbus says that though it's not on the menu, if you ask they will make you amazing hot chocolate.
Try the Magellan dessert! Chocolate mousse with gingerbread encased in chic dark chocolate... How can you go wrong!!!
No Internet access!
Amazing coffee and desserts
Get the Bergamote Citron (lemon mousse). You won't be sorry.
Best croissant I've had in NYC so far. Great flaky texture and buttery-ness
buttery, perfectly flaky croissants...
Try the napoleons. They're dynamite.
Best Financiers and Danish even compared to Paris. Macarons (not macaroons) are the cheapest in town at 1.25. Each
A girl from my work ordered from here. Food smelled so bad we made her eat in the bathroom with the fan on. As a restaurant has the ambiance of a highschool dance.  Pretty inside though.
Great place, but MAKE sure the saki is UNLIMITED when u buy 15 dollars worth of food
Complimentary wine..ill take 2. Lol
Affordable, delicious and fantastic atmosphere.
$7 lunch specials white meat Sesame chicken too
Beef negimaki bento box for lunch is great. $8.95 with miso soup.
$8 lunch specials- two rolls & a salad!!!
The snow crab & avocado roll is ooc amazing!! Get it as part of the 3 roll lunch deal for $11!
Try a spicy shrimp tempura roll ! You won't be disappointed !!!
Get the pickle soup
The white borscht in sourdough bread bowl is the best soup you'll ever have. It's also an app, a main course, a dessert and a breakfast all in one. You don't need anything else.
Ermahgerd, so much food. But so delicious! Try to Polish Specialties plate combo'd w/the fried cheese app & Polish Mojito (like cold apple cider w/mint!) & prepare for the best food coma of your life.
Amazing great homemade style polish food...nice familiar spot and good service. Make sure to try the polish beer!
Order the white borscht! You will be amazed!
Zurek, bigos, pierogi and sernik are some of the traditional Polish food to try absolutely. And it's home made!
try tyskie beer, fried pierogi, grilled kielbasa and potato latkes - hell, try everything, the food is incredible here
Take a quick trip to Poland, where killer white borscht, Polish platters, and wishing wells abound.
Get the herring and cream and a plate of Polish specialties
Jesus christ im so fat and drunk i cant even move. So cheap
Crazy good value. The beef goulash was amazing.
The beer. My god, the beer!
White borsht coems w/ mashed pot and bacon on side. Meal in itself
If you are first timer get the platter of polish specialties..,
Can't go wrong at this place. It rocks!
The plate of polish specialties is very Good. And the beer, OMG the beer. 4dls the small one!!! They have lunch specials for 8.50 Mon - Fri.
Get the roasted pork special, it's amazing!
$3.50 for a generous pint. Take that Manhattan!
*Thursday Happy Hour*$3.50Polish Beer - Żywiec (16oz)Every Thursday 5pm - 9pm
Try the soup in a big fresh baked bread - amazing!
Best old world Poland food & style! Love it!
Try the Polish food.
The white borscht and the hunter stew will be the end of me. They are both fantastic!
$5 for a 500 mL Weihenstephaner - all the time!
Karczma! Best place in Greenpoint! Try the White Bosch,and ask for the Polish language menu, the prices are cheaper ;) ... j/k
Perogies? Awesome. Breaded pork cutlet? Also awesome. Traditional polish waitress garb? Super awesome!
Get the Pork Kebab!
Service isn't the greatest, but they're close and cheaper than some others. Order 2 eggs sunny side up to watch the fry cook's head explode.
if u like ur smoothies just with ice, go here. im not a fan but it still turned out tasty
Inside can be loud when sports are on. If the weather is nice, the beer garden in back is a must.
Best sliders and beer selection!
Love this place!  Great sliders and IPA fries
Bartender was rude! She kept ignoring the bar and talking to the other brander. I've been here before at the dinning area and was fine but the bar left a sour taste in my mouth.
Used to have the best Steak Frites and then they changed it to a lesser thinner cut. (FAIL).  The food is good here though........
Beer garden now has heat lamps!!
Excellent Eggs Benedict  comes with really nice side of lettuce - best on  the UWS
Service is great!
You like rockin jams while drinkin a cold brew? Hit Five Lamps.
The beer mac and cheese is a huge portion and absolutely delicious.
SEVEN IPA's on draft today for IPA Day! A hop-head's dream!
Don't bother with brunch. I ordered eggs Benedict without the Muffin - came with two poached eggs on a plate. When I asked were the bacon was they came back in 10 sec with cold prosciutto cut on top.
Great place for watching sports and drinking outside. Amazing garden and #glutenfree pear cider :)
New spot, 18 rotating drafts, cool staff, GREAT beer garden! Absolute hidden must-see
UWS's newest bar is the perfect addition to the neighborhood. Amazing beer selection, fantastic food (try the BBQ chicken wings), and huge beer garden in the back.
Amazing beer garden in the back, great tap list, and maybe the best burger in the city.
The 5LT burger is awesome. Slab bacon and bleu cheese    Blended INTO it. What??!!
Awesome wait staff plus a beer garden. :)
The best bar on the Upper West Side. If you're in the area you have to swing in.
Stone arrogant bastard and captain liquid gold are worth drinking !
Great beer garden in the back...menu looks promising and the service is awesome...great addition to the upper west side
New gastropub and beer garden opening in a few weeks!!
Try the champagne.
amazing gastro pub coming soon
The Chitarra pasta dish sounds 'simple' but is so complex and delicious.  Great blend of the cheese and ground pepper
The gnocchi with Gorgonzola and pears is unbelievable, but be prepared for a creamy dish
The Brushette is a MUST. #nomnomnom
Sit outside and enjoy!
Great happy hour!
Great selection of Italian wines!!!
Best Italian food downtown Manhattan. Perfect service.
Gorgeous cheese platter here, get a special for dinner and the hazelnut gelato in espresso for dessert.
Nice fennel salat.
The tiramisu is unlike any other I have ever had before! You MUST NOT LEAVE without ordering this!!
The tiramisu is unlike any other I have ever had before!  You MUST NOT LEAVE without ordering this!!
Wonderful service! Francesco is a doll and I would marry Chef Ciro! Try the crab avocado appetizer and if black truffle tortellini is on the menu, go for it!
A warn & romantic spot with contemporary Italian cuisine. Try the fresh mozzarella, made daily. Get our free Downtown dining guides at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Our favorite dishes, start with the Bresaola Della Valtellina, then have the Linguini alla Vongole or the Panini con Prosciutto.  The wine selection is fantastic.  The service and atmosphere is pure R
Very small dinner portions, anything from the pasta to dessert, but very good.
did this..when is nice weather grab a table outdoor and ... try the ravioli!... :)
Flour-less choc cake is the star dessert in the hood
get a glass of barolo from the cute waiter ;)
guaranimal shot = my new cappuccino replacement in am and pm! amazing!
They have reserve coffee
Really poor customer service. Don't go here unless you have to. You're better off going to the one on 17th and 1st ave.
Never trust a guy with a ponytail.
There's wifi now
double toast your sandwich... the middle never gets hot enough otherwise
Slowest ever fyi
Very limited table space/seating/ no wifi yet but soon!
This location has a Clover machine
Best breakfast I ever had! They give you free cornbread drizzled in caramel syrup and it's amazing! cute little restaurant too
Definitely the mussels. Complementary French bread is great to finish off the great, tomato-based sauce.
Try the Turkey Burger - Best turkey burger, no additives just good turkey meat  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Turkey Burger - The best turkey burger, no additives just plain good turkey meat  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Challah French Toast (via @Foodspotting)
Great food. Good music. Awesome location. Really don't have anything bad to say about this place.
Their calamari is to die for. So delicious!
One of the few places in lower Manhattan offering steak and eggs in the morning (not just weekend brunch), as God intended breakfast to be.
Just rated you corned beef has as best in the city on FB & TW but can't find you there. Check out https://www.facebook.com/pages/Deb-Colitti/144278055599560.
Avoid the Bloody Mary's!
Ask for Gelila...she's incredible.  Opened the doors up so I could be "outside" during brunch.
Vegetarian bacon was fabulous!
Cash only! Had to leave
Don't take credit cards.  Zach is adorable though.  :-)
Best dutch pancakes EVER!
Best brunch in the city ... Delicious bloody marys!
Happy hour $5. House Sauv B is quite appropriate on this Sunny Sunday.
Excellent meal. Friendly staff. A+
Sorry, thats was $5 for the happy hour drinks
Sorry guys, cant do the 10 percent off anymore :( It became a little to popular. We are featuring Happy Hour all night long instead!!! The best Mojito for $%!!!!
Great Happy Hour.
Table near window! Do it!
Chill lunch spot with good food. Fan of the chicken blt!
Zeno and me really love this place. Food & cocktails are great. Service is hot! ;) And if you are a fashion addicted, you can have an amazing view of Anna Wintour's place.
Cash only. Your ATM fee goes to the ASPCA.
It's now a Bistro, Oôh-lálà
Happy hour starts at 3! Huzzah!
Vegetarian BLT is AMAZING. Tastes just like the real thing!
Yellow split pea soup was great. Get salad dressing on the side; Greek salad was good but overdressed. Cute place.
This place is brilliant. Yummy meals. Mention foursquare get 10%.
This place is closed.
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Super food. Must try the red snapper in an unusually tangy spicy sauce.
Really good service, good food and an $8 lunch special!
I think foods are salty, overall.
The best things on the menu fried talapia, grilled pork chops, half a chicken and fried ice cream. :-)
Try the sinks in the bathroom!!!! So cool!
Red curry w/duck was a win.
Food is pretty good, nice atmosphere, try the veggie dumplings as an appetizer!
Food is decent, shrimp lemongrass soup has an extremely strong taste but is strangely addicting.
Chang Beer is great and I've been missing it since I left Thailand. Now I can get it here for just $2 !
Good food. Good service. Good price. What more do you need?
This place is amazing! Food is great, prices are decent, very clean and the bathrooms are cool. Really quiet during the week. Good relaxing music. Go here.
Excellent chicken larb ask for cabbage wedge versus lettuce cup
Thai food is pretty good all there places have a simlar taste two other restaurant in this group
Killer hot chocolate and marshmallow
zip city! memories..
Homemade marshmallow. Enough said
Hot chocolate is delicious! Until....you read that it's made with fat... :(
Hot chocolate w/ a huge homemade marshmallow... Need I say more?
PRETZEL CROISSANTS
Hot chocolate is too rich and the French toast was not warm.
The best oatmeal raisin cookie you will ever have in your life.
why the hype? the meals are not cheap to say the least. the hot chocolate, the pretzel croissant, and the eggs with spinach were boring flavors all around. better off going to your local cafe.
Try the Hot Chocolate - OMG it's better than I remember! (via @Foodspotting)
Be sure to chat with Carlos, he is a real juice pro.
Best hot chocolate with marshmallows you'll ever eat
Keep an eye on the door to the kitchen. They bring out hot food all the time. Everything is good, but even better when it's right out of the oven.
I worked next-door and I take this place for granted. But I suspect that one day, when I'm old, I will desperately miss their chocolate croissants and they'll become a symbol of my lost youth.
Amazing hot chocolate!!!!
Try the homemade marshmallows and stay tuned for their annual festival in February.
Mmmmm mac and cheese
$50 FREE Subway Card - Subway Sandwich Coupons - Best 3 ways To Find Subway Coupons at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Contrary to the name, they actually do serve great lunch food. Think chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled fish, kale, and spinach.
Unlocked Foodie badge by Zagat
The oatmeal is to die for!!
French toast + hot chocolate!!!
Smoked salmon on Sundays with a pretzel croissant
The French toast is amazeballs. Along with their hot chocolate, make sure to get a home made marshmallow with it!!
Try the pretzel croissant - This is without a doubt one of the best things I have ever eaten. And I eat a lot of things. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bakers Muffin - Massive. Filled with walnuts and raisins, this is incredible. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Peanut Butter Cookie - One of the best I've ever had. Very very rich peanut buttery flavor. (via @Foodspotting)
hot chocolate with marshmallow! And get the pretzel croissant with it!
The pretzel croissant is to die for!
The maple bacon scone is what dreams are made of.
Best Chicken and broccoli...ever ....
Ask for their Rice Pot & Dinner Specials my ultimate fave is #redhousespecial "ThaiCrispyBeef
Amazing Sesame chicken and beef
Get the Seppun and substitute orange juice!

Didn't stay here long but the bartender is so cute ;)
Something comforting about a bar you walk down stairs into. And I like the mojito's and food smells great.
Portions are quite small.
dive bar without dive prices, otherwise fine
Brian appropriated Pedro's for his backpack.
Get a margarita in a plastic cup and head outside for a killer view.
Skip the food, get a margarita.
Get the pork chimichanga.
Can't go wrong with an order here, help yourself to a margarita! #StaffPick if you're in the neighborhood checking out our Oscar Tuazon #People exhibition.
Mojitos taste funny. Not sure if it was an off day.
Lauren our waitress was helpful and fun! Skip the sangria and go straight for the margaritas!
Been here 4 times, keep swearing I won't be back...crummy service, bland food.
Wow! The salsa is amazing!  They need to bottle it,
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs. The second you walk into a restaurant that smells like cat piss is the moment you leave.
Savor: Tamales; pork with rice and beans; super nachos (platters laden with salsa and plenty of sour cream)...charming outdoor seating area, with its salvaged chairs and booths
This place is the best in the summer. Sit outside, drink margaritas & beer & eat inauthentic (but good) Mexican food to your heart's content.
Guac has a good flavor but is 75% onions.
Don't order the salsa. Disgusting.
All we can say is yummm!
Shit food. There was plastic in my enchiladas.
Great mojitos!!
$3 Happy Hour Pacifico beers and Brooklyn Lagers are unbeatable.
a mexican joint run by dominicans. hey, why not.
There's a new chef...according to the waitress anyway!  Amazing tostones and avacado cheesy nachos!
Try the "Chicharron de pollo"... Delicious!
Tacos are small for $3.50 but delicious. Only order the fish taco if you're up for something quite fishy.
The "veggie" burrito is just beans and rice. Prob not vegetarian rice, either (cooked in broth maybe?) order the corn on the cob...it's delish.
The "veggie" burrito is just beans and rice. Prob not vegetarian rice, either (cooked in broth maybe?) order the corn on the cob...it's delish.
They microwaved the enchiladas.
Mojitos...margaritas...presidentes...EVERYONE in our group is happy...especially sitting outside on a perfect spring new york day<3
Best chocloate tip cookies they make them fresh, yummy salads n sanwiches also.free internet
Closed. Replaced by the fantastic Quarter.
Amazing homemade bacon, egg and cheese biscuit. One of my fave brunch spots.
The omelette was delicious!
Try the crispy brussel sprouts - better than fries and (I think?) more healthy
Great steak frites and perfect location, though a little overpriced for what it is.
This place does a great brunch with pomegranate mimosas
Go goat crepe! It's the best on the brunch menu. Enjoy!
Greatest Steak & Eggs in NYC!!
Mellow staff and music make the food at this place even more enjoyable.  We highly recommend the Pulled Pork Sandwich, the Clam Bake or the TNF Burger.
Wasn't expecting the pho to be so amazing!
Get the house-made sausage!
Great food! Very home-like place.
fries made the clam bake - cobb salad was pretty good too
Get the spicy spaghetti!
sunday nights are quiet and you can eat outside
the vermont lamb trio was out of this world!
Perfect spot for brunch!
Went for brunch - french press coffee started us off equipped with a tiny timer. For food - I got Scrambled eggs with potatoes and greens and a side of french toast sticks. Everything was delicious!!
belgian beers here: rare vos, chimay, witte...
You MUST MUST MUST have the pulled pork sandwich.  It's amazing.  No really.  It's amazing.
Not only is the food amazing, but it's consistently amazing - a hard task to tackle in NYC! Try the Nicoise-esque salad with grilled salmon (or steak or tuna) and anchovy vinaigrette.
Great brunch. If they have a pizza bianca / egg special. Do it.
For brunch, the steak and eggs are close to perfect. Add some Syrah, and chase with a long nap.
The Mussels & Fries are to die for, save the broth and dip the night away!
the new french salad is awesome
try the half sandwich small pho lunch combo!
Best tacos in NYC.
Really good apps and entrees, chicken mole burrito ftw! Chocolate dessert sucks, get tres leche.
Hidden gem with great food.  Spicy though!
The fish tacos are the best in life.
Michelin has named Mexicana Mama to its restaurant list for 2012.
The fish taco special is delicious!
Amazing burritos
They're taking credit cards now. Oh. And order the specials. They're phenomenal.
Try the Fish Tacos... pretty amazing!
Fish Tacos...unreal.
Great Guacamole.  Tastes of avocado.  Not overloaded with fillers.
For $10.50 they could at least put tequila in the margaritas
Amazing special salsa and pork tacos. Best in west village, hands down.
Fish tacos are amaze
Drinks are weak and overpriced.
try the chicken mole burrito and a flavored margarita. If you're in mood for something fancier, all of their specials are quite good. Probably one of the best gourmet mexican restaurants in NYC.
Special salsa and jalapeño margarita, you'll come back for more.
special salsa? re-dick-you-lous
The veggie dogs with "The Mash" and "The Sidney" were delicious.
Really, really delicious. Pale yellow truck. I recommend mint chip :p
Slow service, mediocre food and was not hot when served. Disappointed overall...
Went for brunch. Awful service and mediocre food. Not recommended.
The East Side Fizz drink is delicious and tastes like a razzle!
Jacks awesome!
Extremely disappointing service and general presentation. I don't usually complain, but this was poor.
Worst. Service. Ever.
Amazing brunch deal - $18.95 includes 3 drinks
Ask Jack at the bar about his cocktail creations and favorite dishes on the menu. Also take note, Obey's Shephard designed the wallpaper. A chill, unpretentious spot to chill, drink and eat in LES.
The steak tips and the lamb sliders are awesome!
You can't go wrong with anything in the menu!!!!
Def the best mojito in the LES!
Restaurant Review: The Orchard House Restaurant is planting a good time for guests http://exm.nr/KHDH6I
Terrific fried green tomatoes (French style), yummy lamb sliders & melt-in-your-mouth gnocchi! Yum!
Awesome spot..awesome stoli drinks!!
The Fried Green Tomatoes are bangin'
Amazing spinach dip and please trust me when I say get the steak or 1/2 of chicken. Really great dishes. Plus the cocktails do the trick.
The Orch' serves up fresh cocktails like the Derby (bourbon/Demerara syrup/house bitters/orange) to fuel 'til-4a DJ sets and eats like a burger with smoked bacon, black pepper mayo & Amish Cheddar.
Looking to cut the calories? 5 great options for under $6! Can't beat that!
The low-carb Texas wrap was a little disappointing, but the chicken entrees are superb!
I love packing in the protein, so a quick Rocky Balboa wrap in between castings is the way to go! - Tyler French, Hunting Season
dgadfhgjdkhgkghk
dxfghjklç~gjkl
dasf dhygfjkghkfkhhj
São Bento Paraiba '
Strawberry banana peanut butter shake FTW
I gravitate to the "extras" section of the menu.  Reasonable prices and great post-workout options.
Watch out for the entrees- calorie counts are per serving and most have two!
The guys who work here are hot!!
The Arizona is the best !!!
Texas Nuggets are awesome!
I wish the shakes came in multiple sizes. One is a meal within itself
Arizona is a must-have here!
Rocky Balboa with cucumber salad!
Between healthy food options and Chelsea people watching, there's lots of YUM here.
STUDENTS: Free shake with your meal!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php
Chili tonight
The grilled fish Caesar salad makes me wanna.
The Arizona is my favorite!  Of course you have to wash it down with a strawberry banana milk shake!
The Arizona is awesome!
1st time yesterday and can\'t lie I\'m Impressed!! Try the Arizona... Nothing like lean protein @MrAlistEnt on Twitter
Arizona Chicken hands down.  It tastes great and fills you up.
Tacfit Commando is a brainchild of Scott Sonnon who has added all the fighting skills and muscle building techniques that he has picked up as a professional fighter(Scott Sonnon has won many titles) S
Arizona is the best ... The manager Christopher and his employee Jeromy provide the best service
Grilled chicken entree... Sub brown rice for the potato and add a side of Arizona sauce. GOOD STUFF.
The Arizona is so yummy. I highly recommend.
For a low carb option get the Lean Mean Arizona
Mayors - When you buy 1 wrap, you get a second free! We cant wait for FourSquare to let us run the special but it will be official soon. Thanks for all the love with the tips!Muscle Maker Grill
Order online from WFC food trucks! Just go to Foodtoeat.com, enter your address and pick a truck!
Great juices & super friendly staff. Love the daily detox!
Great organic juice bar downtown. Awesome service.
Great reasonably priced organic food that's fast!
The Bliss Bowl is seriously bliss.
buckwheat noodle bowl w go chu jang saice. 3x a week. our fav spot in tribeca!!
This place is delicious!  Get the spicy bowl. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Fast.  Cheap.  Reasonably healthy.  Smoothies and shakes are tasty.
I love the bliss bowl, I get it with spicy chili sauce (very spicy, but so good)
Get the Vietnamese ham sandwich. The handmade-in-NYC energy bars are fantastic too.
best fresh organic green juice on the westside
Very good juice combos my favorite is the lean greens one
say hello to Bo if he's there! Incredibly friendly and helpful guy. Food is yummy!
Someone told me the Turkey Meatballs and Brussel Sprouts are off the chain here.  Haven't been yet tho..
Dont eat here. Salads is ridiculously bland and entrees took almost 2 hours to come
Patate Fellow is no more, but the new place is definitely worth checking out!!! Great happy hour!
Free karaoke!
Awesome LES place when craving Korean! Happy hour and food are not to be missed!
Killer happy hour on wings, great for pregaming pricier LES jernts.
Soju-tini
Best and hottest hot wings! and great fries
It's a universally accepted fact that gorging on Korean fried chicken when you're tipsy is a good idea. Here's a place to stop.
Awesome chicken fries and pickles! And 5 sauces!
Great selection of food trucks on weekdays, check on FoodtoEat.com too see which one you can order from online to skip the wait!
cool place
Show the owners your mayoral status, and they'll give you a free gift!
Talk to the proprietor about foursquare, he loves it.
Two rolls plus soup or salad for 7.50! Yes please.
Fresh sushi, fast delivery and courteous employees.  Highly recommended
3 rolls and soup for 10 bucks = win
Great salmon tariyaki and spicy tuna rolls! I suggest
Combo C is tons of good yummy filling food for under $10... Get it
Sushi boxes are 50% off after 5pm
Don't get the fried dumplings here. They're very small and flavorless. The sushi/sashimi and deli stuff is great though!
They have great Ramen here.  Good deli breakfast sandwiches too.
Get a turkey sandwich! They use real-deal turkey instead of lunch meat. mmmm Thanksgiving.
No credit cards accepted for the brunch menu. Pathetic.
Best Mussels! Nice ambience. Steak dish a little hard to chew when ordered medium. Overall, good service.
French onion soup is burned. The steak and frites is really good.
All you can eat mussels and a beer for $29.00 Mon - Thurs!
Spin the wheel (Not the bottle) Wednesday¡!!! You may even win a free meal or a Bottle of wine!! If Flavia works and you land on the "Bartender Surprise" U maybe in 4 a treat!! :)~
I love this restaurant!!! The mussels are amazing. The Risotto is fabulous. And brunch is totally worth going for. Plus....there's dessert. Service is great and atmosphere is very good.
Bring on the Bordeaux: Bordeaux Restaurant Week’s November 7-November 21, 2011
Lamb burger with spicy fries. You'll thank me later.
Recommended: the Smoked Salmon Florentine.
Great news: Chef Adil just opened a French market, restaurant, bakery & bar - a mini Eataly - but French: Marche du Sud... 1136 First Ave @ e 62nd St. Check it out!
Try L'Assiette Marocaine - Moroccan assorted appetizers - warm house-made ratatouille, tapenade, hummus, merguez (lamb) sausage & toasted pita points - great. Could be a meal by itself.
One of my favorite bistros in NYC. Love!!!!!
get the shrimp in a herbvacious rendering and the new Tarte Flambee which will be featured at their new grocery: Marche du Sud down the block...all kinds of good !
Truly freshly squeezed OJ! Food is really good. They do a terrific job, and teh vintage record album covers on the menu are a trip!
Great mojitos if you just want to have a drink
Try the Risotto - really good!
Really yummy cheese plate
The pappardelle ragu is incredibly yummy!  Start with the truffle polenta or pear and Gorgonzola salad. Charming back garden...almost like sitting on a hill in Montepluciano.
Complimentary app with a drink before 7. Love it!
Not the best for brunch.
Gnocchi and scallops were excellent!
One of my uptown favorites. Huge fan of the goat cheese & black pepper bruschetta, as well as the veal ragout farfalle. Wine is also incredibly well-priced. Sit in their back garden, if you can.
Order the grilled shrimp with avocado and tomatoes on the 'primo' list. It was so flavorful and delish!
Ask to be seated in the garden!
Bruschetta and calamari for apps are delicious. Gnocchi is good but can get to be too creamy so order to share.
Great wine bar. Super cute. Date night!!
Pappardelle with Truffle Cream sauce!
Polenta was so delicious!
maravilhoso  td isso
The bruschetta is amazing!!! ORDER IT!!!
Get a glass Of red wine and the ravioli!
Perfect place for a late night snack and a bottle of wine. I highly recommend the gnocchi and thin crust pizzas.
Try the AWESOME Polenta Tartufatta with a nice glass of Nero D'Avola!!! You won't be disappointed!!
Mediocre food and horrendous service. Don't be fooled by average entrees simply swimming in truffle oil.
Back patio and paparadelle ragu!
Good music, lovely atmosphere and a garden in the back. Kitchen's open til 1am!
Check out my review on CoffeeAndChampagne.com!
I you get the table at the back it feels very cozy !!
It's that good
Don't leave Manhattan without first trying the best Italian food in the Upper East Side!- Alyse, Assistant Buyer
There's no better way to enjoy Lambrusco than by drinking it out of a big ceramic bowl! Mmmm!
Great place for a date. Also nice, hidden patio in back when it's warm. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One of the coziest restaurants in NYC. Romantic & quiet atmosphere, delicious Italian food, extensive wine offerings. Outdoor patio in back, summer seating in the front - One of my fav restaurants!
cute place to have a glass of wine with girlfriends. Seems like it would be a great date night spot too (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for the truffle gnocchi with tagliatelle instead, it's amazing.
We're obsessed with their sheep's ricotta cheese and black truffle honey bruchetta. Don't think, just get it. Pair it with the gnocchi di ricotta and a wine by the glass for a perfect experience.
Save room for dessert and try the Salame del Papa. Rich venetian chocolate with biscotti and cream.
He chickpea soup hits the spot!
Sit at a communal table, use the wi-fi and nibble on their tartines and pastries!
Food is fresh and healthy but careful when ordering:  fruit salad = melon with a couple berries on top for $5.50. Coffee = $1.40/refill. You're better off getting $ worth at a real restaurant.
Try the Wheatgrass Spritzer.
Great place to pick up quick sandwiches and soups on your way to Central Park.
If you're starving and not a vegan stay away at all costs
Food here is good, but service is not.
Very good quinoa tabule
Amazing. Try the ricotta, fig, and honey sandwich. Dont forget therr version of nutella.
Don't miss the pumpkin pie
I usually luv everything I have here, but today my endive salad had too little blue cheese and the walnuts were old. Tsk tsk pq, ur slipping
Order the curried chicken salad sandwich
The smoked mozzarella and chicken tartine is AMAZING.
Try vegetarian quiche - it's really good.
Everything is good here. Try the hazelnut flute! Won't be disappointed.
Best Hot Chocolate!!
i love sharing the long oak table with strangers for breakfast. cafe au lait (to die for).
Most delicious coffee in Manhattan.  Milk & cream is organic.
the large chocolate cookies ROCK!
Get the small chicken & rice platter for $4, its HUGE! Grt value 4 money!
Obvious part is the awesome view of Times Square.  But food was perfecto.  NY Cheesecake was a total winner.
If (for some reason) you're feeling touristy, this lounge is your best bet to get an amazing view of times square. It has been said "this terrace is one reason to mingle with the visiting masses"
best view of Times Square from 7 stories up.
Ask bartender extraordinaire Peter for a special spinach salad with lump crabcakes! Try thai shrimp too!
...enjoy a relaxed atmosphere with a attentive service. Eggs Benedict tasted great...
Don't eat this fat shit! Grab a water and eat some real food! This is NYC... Too many other options!
Creamed spinach is really good. Get the T bone. Better than Peter lugged
Steak sandwich is AMAZING. $30 but totally worth it. Slather the steak sauce and you're in heaven!
You have to try the bacon slice :)
Get the filet mignon!
内装も含め全てのウェイターがみんなマフィア映画のファミリーに見える存在感。ステーキは二人分でも大人の男三人が食べきれませんでした。
最近、店舗が増えてますよね。ピータールーガーもいいけど、ここも好き。
Gerry is the best bartender, get the Gerry special for an app...
Amazing steaks.  Great atmosphere.
A similar vibe to that steakhouse in Brooklyn, but they take credit cards.  Friendly waiters will serve you perfectly cooked steak with traditional potato, tomato, onion and tangy sauce.
When I was looking for apartments my broker, Alex, said this place was excellent!
Try bacon!
Met Wolfgang himself. He worked the floor entire night. Great steakhouse!
Stop by this new Wolfgang's location with your bachelor party for a pre-activity lunch. The burgers are made from steak. Unreal.
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this elegant steakhouse and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the Porterhouse for two.
Order extra schlag (homemade whipped cream) with dessert. It makes the dessert.
The steak for one is best to cure your hungry appetite. If you're here for lunch, get their burgers!
We split a steak for 3 between five ppl and had leftovers (also ordered apps and sides). They are huge! Oh and try the bacon!
the best food in NYC
Good happy hour spot plus the bacon strips are unreal.
Ask Robert to make you a Reverse Vespa--3 parts Grey Goose, 1 part Tanqueray 10, 1/2 part dry vermouth.
At lunch, ask for the Burgers. They are amazing--freshly made every day from ground porterhouse. Ask them to chop up some bacon to top it off, you won't regret it.
Incredible customer service, incredible food... BYOB-- get the chicken tikka
best indian in Hell's Kitchen.  Great service and BYOB is a plus!
Good indian jn HK. Make a rezzy if you can. BYOB! Also, they are extra careful to not make the food spicy. Too careful... Ask for some spice. Also, the lunch buffet is Bleh- Bit bland. Dinner is best.
The lentil dishes are delightful. And don't forget to BYOB!!
Best Indian in HK, I always get their $9.95 lunch buffet - noon to 3p. - Tyler French, Hunting Season
Great $10 buffet everyday 12-3
Tomato shorba...yum!  A little spicy and so delicious and comforting on a cold day.
Great rasam - spicy!
Great byob spot.  Everything we had was amazing and the service was great.  I was so happy to find this place and am def going back!
Amazing service and food!!!
Mutter paneer (peas) and baingan bartha (eggplant) here are two of the best Indian dishes I've had anywhere.
Only 8 tables in the place but the food and service is A+. Garlic naan is like crack.
Get the lamb chops. And if you want spicy, the will make SPICY.
Don't forget to BYOB.  They don't have a liquor license.
One of the few places to get bubble tea in the area!!!!! Xoox
The food is awesome, if you know what to order. The cold sesame noodles, hot and sour or egg drop soup, and volcano chicken are all good picks. Service is slow though. You're better off ordering in.
Stick with the Chinese food and leave the noodles and other Thai food alone, they are dry, amazing chicken and broccoli
The sushi is very fresh here. I enjoyed the spicy salmon with avocado.
Not the best lunch specials, the small portions left me hungry
Try the GF pad thai or the GF fried rice. Soooo good!
Weekend lynch special is a MUST!  The food was excellent and very good prices too!!
Needs even more locations!
Excellent and reasonably priced gluten-free options!
I was very excited to go to this restaurant cuz it was really beautiful inside., but I was really disappointed because the service was extremely slow and my food came out cold!!!
Just finishing dinner. Food's okay, but came out cold. Service was slow (honestly it was terrible). We will not be coming back.
Fantastic for people who are Gluten Free! And order the Blueberry Lemon Pound Cake as well as the Coconut Sorbet...IT'S OFF THE HOOK GOOD! Especially after the spicy whole fish.
Order the Pearl Tapioca Iced Tea (Taro).  It is ecstacy... in heaven... in a glass... with a straw.
Saigon rolls are fresh and delish
Just bought some awesome food!!
Spicy Thai Noodle!!!
Must order the Apple Martini!!!
Best kani salad I've ever had. A little spicy and I don't think there's mayo in it. DELICIOUS
Huge fan of the honeydew bubble tea.
By the power of GreySkull, the LemonGrass LimeAid is tha shizzle !!!!! If your uncertain about what beverage to choose you CANNOT go wrong on this one !!!
My first authentic gluten-free egg drop soup in 2 years. So good.
really amazing place!! I think it is a secret!
Chilean sea bass is the best!
A few great veggie options, be sure to ask if the rice is vegetarian before ordering.
Back room on a Saturday night is the spot. Great playlist.
The brûlée is out of control delicious! And a huge serving too!!
Excellent frozen margaritas, so cozy inside!
There for happy hour? Grab a stool, a frozen margarita & the chalupas de chorizo!!!
So far the most legitimate Mexican breakfast menu I've found in the city. Try cafe de olla :) if you like sweets.
The happy hour is great (goes until 7), but you can only get it at the bar
Good food and fast service! Margaritas definitely hit the spot!
guacamole is to die for
Happy Hour margaritas are $4.50 until 7pm. Standing room only.
This place is not ok. Forget service...you can't served tortillas chips from a bag and beans from a can. Anyone who likes this place should stop writing reviews
The brunch chilaquiles with 2 eggs are delicious
If Geronimo is your bartender, you're in for a treat.  He makes the best margaritas.  Make sure you tip well, and ask for surprises.  Enjoy! :D
I really like the Cafe de Ollo. Sweet with citrus notes.
Snag a seat at the bar for the awesome happy hour deal.
Try the El Vocho!
Best frozen margaritas in the city. Get the shrimp quesadillas and guac, you won't be disappointed. Still hungry? PLANTAINS.
Worst service ever
Frozen margys all day
Great for bday parties...can get about 20-30 in the back and it's open bar. A little overpriced, but not crazy and plenty of alcohol
A "palapa" is an open-air, thatched-roof structure; they're useful common spaces on hot, sunny days. Get the jicama with lime and chile, a popular and refreshing treat for just such days.
One of the best brunch spots in NYC.
The Bento box Parrillada I'd fantastic. Great food, great margaritas, great service!
One of the best brunch specials in NYC
Hands down the best frozen margarita I have ever had!  My favorites are the blood orange and the hibiscus!  They are only $4 during happy hour.
Their white sangria is amazing. Order the Pescado A La Talla “Zihuatanejo” ... catfish, saffron rice, green beans (my favorite part, I don't know how they cook them!).
Have the coffee!!
fantastic back garden room that seats 20+ for private parties
Best frozen margaritas ever!  Go for the hibiscus or blood orange.  4 bucks at happy hour!
Amazing enchiladas.
They're closed on labor Day
Good old fashion Philly CheeseSteaks!
Try the Philly Cheese Steak!
Have the hot sausage with peppers and onions. So good!
Best sausage and peppers around
You will find this food truck on most weekdays on the corner of Whitehall and Bridge.  Dominic is a hell of a nice guy, and makes a mean sausage hero.
get an Italian sausage-so delicious!
Definitely order online to pick up. Especially during lunch hours the line gets pretty long.
This location is very stingy with ingredients...
At lunch the line is long like most Chipotles but the staff here is not as good at expediting the line as they should be.
great food and Margaritas
Don't forget to add Chips & Guacamole to your order!
mexican ov yeah
Amazing platter
yummy and delicious
Don't even attempt to come here between 12:00-2:00.
Qdoba's menu beats Chipotle's menu by a longshot. And the food is way better.
Get the kids meal and a margarita!
These lines are insane at lunchtime - 75+ people deep - just order online or iPhone app and skip the line
big ass burito please
Download/order via the iPhone app or online if you are visiting on a weekday between 12-2PM
Lunch hour has CRAZY lines, but no worries, it goes super fast! 
Great burritos
Great Veggie Bowl
Don't be scared by the line. It moves real fast.
Get the bowl.
Order online at Chipotle.com to pick up your order right at the cashier and skip the long lunch lines!
Try the chorizo! It's a great new addition to the menu.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Want a deal? Get the veggie burrito for only $8!
A scene from the movie For Richer Or Poorer was filmed here, check it out!
good place to poop!
Drop by Bowling Green Park on Saturday, October 23rd btw 10 AM and noon for free pumpkins and cupcakes for volunteers who help plant tulips. Visit www.downtownny.com for more details.
You can get a free geranium at Bowling Green Park on Weds., Oct. 13, 2010 from 10 AM to Noon. Just drop by for a free one courtesy of the Downtown Alliance.
Chicken Burrito! Must Try!
Tina Tartar is Amazing!!
Check out the walls on the downstairs bar
Great drinks terrible service.
Get the Tiramisu. Just get it.
Tuna tartare is awesome!!
The bathrooms stink of Euro Trash & shame.
Horrible service. Honestly, among the worst I've ever experienced.
La Gazzetta Restaurant Review: The news is out on this Italian Eatery
Veal Milanese. Pomadoro brochette & the tartufo bruschetta
Pappardelle with zucchini, pine nuts and mint is divine. Service is atrocious.
Restaurants do not need djs. Way too loud
La Gazzetta runs an event on Mondays called Cinema Italiano Mondays!  Italian flicks and delicious food - perfect.  Definitely call ahead for a reservation though!
Cucumber 55
Ricotta Bruchette was good.
Spaghetti is divine, get the Nebbiolo by the bottle, rockin out to soul, disco and pop!
Try the French toast. It's like none other I've had before and definitely two thumbs up!
Apple eggs Benedict was great but the Spanish latte blew my mind. Sounds weird, but I was expecting a simple latte--this was delicious. (They probably use orzata?) Plus, it comes in a small bowl. Yum.
Food was ok, an omelette and cod tacos, but mild and neutral, not flavorful and exciting. Fast and helpful service.
New favorite brunch place. Cozy, homey, excellent friendly service, delicious Costa Rican coffee. The eggs benedict on potato pancakes were simply ridiculous with hollandaise perfection.
The eggs Benedict with apples sounds weird but was delicious. Also order the fresh squeezed oj! Pulpy & fresh.
Amazing brunch menu! This place is sure to get you out of bed before 5pm on the weekend.
West Village – BYOB with great burger special and brunch selection
all about brunch, cute little breakfast spot.
Say goodbye to the longtime lunch menu at the Castle. E&C's gone strictly to breakfast/brunch & dinner menus, the latter at lunchtime.
The latte is five bucks but it's huuuuge
Notice the coffee tastes different? Spring 2012 brought George Howell Costa Rica coffee to E&C. A citrusy, clean, medium body cup has replaced syrupy Sumatra. It's pricey at $3.75, but still endless.
Notice the coffee tastes different? There's a good reason. Spring 2012 brought George Howell Costa Rica coffee to E&C.
Get the portobello mushroom sandwich. So good!
The brunch food is decent but if you get a chance, try the coffee. Bold and tasty. Prepare for a nice wait on weekends.
Unattended children will not be tolerated
Savory and Sweet. Eggs n' Apples Benedict
Skip this joint. Not good!
Smoked chicken sandwich my favorite for the past 5 years
Simple food, well prepared is the winning way of this downtown fixture. E&C gets a bum rap as omelet joint, but has long served inventive eats that sometimes surprise. Coffee is bottomless and good.
Get the Spanish coffee! It's served in a bowl the size of my friend's face, albeit she may have a relatively small face.
Please note: Eggs and Apple Benedict is only available on Saturdays! The hashbrowns were great though!
Eggs n Apple Benedict with Bacon! Also the Canyonland Poached Eggs if you want something lighter.
Shrimp/bacon/pesto sandwich was yummy; coffee ice cream/fudge/raspberry dessert was bomb. Blackberry soda tastes like syrup and seltzer, not worth it. Heavenly wood crepe: nuthin to write home about
Say you had the chance to combine eggs benedict, apples, french toast, and bacon.  Would you?  Sweet, savory.  Pure deliciousness in a single bite, every bite.  Is this real life?
Eh..disappointing. Got the spinach, poached egg & potato pancake. Was surprised that the pancake was like deep-fried mashed potato. Wouldn't recommend.
Try their daily soups. Slurp down with a BOWL of hot chocolate
My favorites here include the elephantburger (curried sour cream, beefsteak tomato, et al.) and the Grand Marnier crepe
Their Vienna Woods dessert crepe is my favorite usage of hazelnuts.
First time here? The burgers ate the best in town and a must try.
Brunch! Go early, leave you name & come back an hour later  Eggs & apple Benedict brioche French toast & potato pancakes w/sautéed spinach. Go ahead & carb load best hangover cure ever!
Try the Eggs'n Apples Benedict. You won't regret it!
Fantastic food and service.
great pizza ................
good one///////
just awesome...
bikin laper....
makannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Amazing Vodka Pizza
Go for broke and get the caprese pizza. They replaced the mozz with fresh home made straciatella and it is the bomb.
Vegetable & Goat Cheese Panino - The mix of peppers, zucchini, eggplant, yellow squash, and onion is a relatively standard selection, but grilling elevates them to quality sandwich material.
Absolutely must get the French toast here. Best one I've ever had in my life so far... Fluffy, amazingly complex tasting cream, and custom made in a star shape!
Vodka pizza with pepperoni. Hand down best thing on the menu
We agree with Time Out New York, the vodka pizza is off the hook. After scarfing down some za be sure to visit the WIRED Store at 583 Broadway!
Burger King Coupons - Printable Burger King Coupons Deals at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
the meatballs!
Make a reservation because it is always packed. The pizza a la vodka is a MUST.
Occhipinti Nero d'Avola always a good bet.
This pizza is freaking amazing! The best I've had in my entire life. Get the vodka pie and rice balls as an app!
2 words. Vodka. Pizza.
You are missing out if you don't try the pasta at this pizza joint.
thin crust vodka pizza and an arugula beet salad? yes please.
Vodka pizza + Cavatelli not to be missed.
Try the Vodka Pizza - With sausage and pepperoni. Cooked to order at the San Gennaro Feast (via @Foodspotting)
If you are a fan of very thin (almost cracker-like) crust, the pizza here is the best we have found of that style in the city - the large-format lasagna and chicken parm are also excellent.
Vodka and Caprise are definitely recommended and a good mix
Perfect summer white: Gavi de Gavi. Bonus cause it has a cool name.
Best chicken parm and vodka pizza!
Vodka pie with pepperoni
Rubirosa never disappoints so you can order about anything and it'll be delicious. Make sure you order the vodka pizza and a side of the meatballs!
If you're a seafood lover go for the Black and White Tagliatelle.
gluten-free for the win
Was able to order a half vodka pizza and half mushroom. It was awesome. Plenty for two with a salad...
Oh my!!! This place is so delicious! Tried the vodka pizza and the cavatelli with mushrooms! One of the best dishes I had being in NYC
awesome bruschetta apps
Wait, there's an Italian restaurant NEAR Little Italy that will make anything on the extensive menu gluten-free for you? Yes, yes there is. Get your chicken parm on.
Great thin crust,  excellent tomatoey sauce, perfect cheese flavor. Waitstaff and hostesses are always terrific; friendly, helpful and pleasant.
Chicken Milanese Rubirosa Salad ... Yum!
Delicious Lobster Mac & Cheese! Also first time check ins get a free Sangria!! :)
Next time we will make sure to get that Dates!
The bartender Basia is A-Mazing! For real!
Brunch very impressive, and affordable when you include the unlimited drinks all for ~$27. BEWARE that you cannot order a la carte cheaply, encouraging you to take the all you can drink option
The chorizo and egg sandwich is great! Our server Cody was also hilarious!!
East Village -$24.95AYCD with brunch menu items
You need to try the truffled mushroom omelette. You will go into a food coma!
Stay away from the paella! It had the most pungent smell of dog food and it tasted absolutely repulsive. We couldn't keep it at our table, because the smell was ruining everyone else's dinner.
Brunch. Enough said.
If coming for brunch, make reservations, then sit back, sip mimosas, catch up with friends. For dinner/tapas? Asparagus fries, poco sliders, the Carne Asada & sangria. Everything has a ton of flavor!
Boozy brunch - good for groups - fun atmosphere!
free glass of sangria with your first check in!  $15 bottle of wine with dinner on Thursdays
There's a limit on how long you can stay seated, so if you're coming for brunch - don't make a reservation earlier than noon... Otherwise your table time will run out before your bottomless brunch.
Best Lobster Mac and Cheese I have ever had! Then there's the all-you-can-drink mimosas, gotta love those! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Nonsensical pricing for brunch. Why is the ALCD 26.95 but a meal + one drink is 30.95?? RIDICLUOUS
Lobster Mac is an obvious must try. Brussels Sprouts = awesome. Do it and make your mom happy for getting that necessary daily veggie serving.
The best "drunk" brunch place ever! Highly recommend it!
Pork BBQ sliders. Soooo good!
Best to sit upstairs, too dark and dim downstairs! lobster Mac is fantastic!
Great dishes: grilled octopus, brussels sprouts; great drink: blood orange mango mojito.
Mushroom croquettes, dassit.
blood orange mango mojito is like candy. yum.
Try the blood orange mango mojitos.
Strawberry jalapeno marg.
$4 Beers, $12 Pitchers of Stella, Signature Green St Patricks Day Sangria by the glass or by the pitcher, Corned Beef Empanadas
If you're waiting for a brunch table, go across the street to Mama's bar!!!
their sangria is INCREDIBLE. as is the duck with cauliflower puree. check out this "Best in the City" segment for video :-)
Good food, truffled mushroom omlette is great. Their waitstaff however is absolute crap.
All you can drink bloody marys with Saturday or Sunday brunch! Spicy and strong, highly recommended.
Skip this place for dinner...mediocre food
Order food to your picnic blanket with your iphone.
Delivery from nyc's favorite restaurants!
The Encore Lounge is especially busy before Curtain Call for the Evening Broadway Show's.Be sure and try the Chambord Fizz. They make this drink especially cool by adding a bit of Ciroc at the top. K.
Try the three egg omelette but make sure you don't have the onions
Food, drinks, are good, but plan on spending a few dollars.
their breakfast buffet is not that great and $30 a person.
Nothing here in addition to the usual industrial breakfast and the robotic pretention of familiarity and service by the staff
Take a ride all the way to the top and then back down...
Awful service!
Been walking all day? Take the elevators to the 8th. Use the cleanest public bathrooms in the city and relax awhile before dinner or your show.
Need a clean bathroom in NYC this is the place to go.  Much cleaner than the Porta Johns during a marathon.
The Atrium is where the Front Desk is located. One would assume that this floor would be busy, busy, busy.However it is a pleasant surprise to view the awesome Fountains and Fresh Floral arrangements.
not really a bar more of a cafe
good service
Really sweet staff! Tasty, fast, affordable. Great sushi lunch special!
White pizza and garlic knots. That is all.
Great place with gluten free and dairy free options! Food is delicious!
Beware the vegan pizza.
coming from a fat kid from Chicago this is the best pizza I have had in nyc + their gluten free crust was beyond tasty
Whole Wheat pizza and the eggplant rollantini is amazing!
come join us for the best pizza intown
The garlic knots are a must-try! Out of control delicious!
Great tomato sauce but don't expect meat toppings
The white pizza is amazing!!!!
Great quick cart food when you need something fast...best when original 2 guys are there.
Try the nachos
Over rated when it comes to burgers and fries
The special has expired!
Took ages only to get the order wrong + forgot to bring the right order back. Avoid this place if you have less than half an hour to get a burger (not during  peak hours)!
Have some sweet potatoes!
Honestea is $2.75 here wtf?
Note: this location no longer offers the white truffle burger special.  With that said, this place still serves a great burger with high quality ingredients you can taste.
Not the turkey burger. All bun. And make sure you say extra tomato and lettuce if u want a normal amount.
Tasty. Expensive but tasty.
Try the Big Valley Burgera...yummmy
This place is so good. A little more expensive for a burger joint, but you can tell the difference in the taste. I always get the trio fries, & sometimes a blueberry pomegranate milkshake for a treat.
Great burger, blueberry Pom shake was awesome, service (off peak hours) was meh. Seems to be constant theme with reviews.
Great burgers but really poor service. We were finished with burgers before onion hay came. Finished food & never got milkshakes; had to ask for them. Staff is very nice though.
The veggie burger actually is really good!
They're out of the truffle sauce. :(
Super Clean!!
Two words: Onion Hay.Just do it.
best brgrs in town
Try the Big Valley
Hurry up and try the white truffle burger. Not bad at all!
Blueberry pomegranate shakes are awesome
Try the Fresh Morning Burger; it's amazing!
Throw an egg on that veggie burger and its one of the best in the city!
Great burgers! Onion hay is awesome. Although food is a little over priced for a burger joint.
Get the blue-pom milkshake.
Onion hay & horseradish mayo yummy
Burgers = half grease. My basket looked like soup. Over priced on top of it.
Try the horseradish sauce on your burger.
Decent food for an area with nothing else good to eat
They cost almost as much as the burgers, but you GOTTA try a shake! Sooo yum!
Hard-working and polite staff, from cashier to cooks to the server. Rainforest burger w/ horseradish sauce, not herb mayo, is delish. Their freshly made lemonade is one of the best!
Sue doesn't work here anymore! Josie is the new one to say hi to :)
Say Hi to Noey! She's the BOMB Diggity!
Try a blend of Beowolf, French, and Italian roasts!
Sue here is the best. Actually put ur phone down and say hi
Beware, they can confuse Chicken breast with chicken Pizziola!!!
Opt to not have your sandwich toasted...this give the slowest moving workers ever one less task and it'll add precious moments to your lunch break. ENJOY!
Need it cheap?  This is the place.
Click here to <b>Add a New Tip for this Venue</b>
Great heros.
A great place to go when you need to pick something up in the middle of the night.... like shaving cream!
atda bar...... goose keeps commin.....bartender has a GREAT eye ...keepin it on demand, no remote...
A favorite rooftop bar come Spring and great place for entertaining clients.
Overpriced, but the food is good.
Overpriced, but the good is good.
Great dinner with our CxO.
Great rooftop bar! Grab a drink and enjoy the views under a Big Ass Fan.
Perfect place for a power lunch or a business dinner.  Visit the roof to have a drink or a cigar with your fellow suit wearers.
Come for fried chicken Fridays!
Fried Chicken Fridays are a perfect place to take a date.  $25 for fried chicken, two sides, dessert, and live jazz.  Make a reservation; they often fill up.
Amazing sandwiches! Also saved 50% by checking in!
Awesome food surprisingly good and great drinks!
BBQ burger was delicious- pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, coleslaw! and sweet potato fries, yummm!
Good food. Like the single stall nongendered washrooms too.
Try the Riazul Tequila!!!!!
Slowest. Service. Ever. Also, their salads are not big. I got the Cobb salad topped with salmon and I was still hungry.
Try everything but don't even think about not trying the mozzy sticks, the Tuscan grilled cheese or the Hudson burger. Helloha!
try the amazing fish tacos!!!!!
The French fries are addictive - better than McDonald's!
Great place to get some good food before a show at Terminal 5, make sure you ask for your check early, service is slow.  Try the smoked salmon sandwich, delicious and they don't skimp on the salmon.
Try the mozzy sticks!!!! Best ever!!!
Slowest service ever! The hostess chick is a dunce!
Try the Crab Cakes And Mac & Cheese and spot it on Foodspotting!
Steak and eggs are decent.
July 19,2010    TASTYFOOD 　いい店でした！
Dj starts now!!! Happy hour till 7pm
Hudson burger omg!!!!!
Talk about having something for everyone. Grab some TY KU at the bar while you're picking up well pretty much anything!
Very good service!
Try the Parmesan fries and the mac & cheese, ridiculously good...
Hot waiters. Woof.
A comfort food menu with plenty of tasty options for around $10? Now that is comforting.
Hit up the weekly celeb-DJ-helmed late night bash, w/ dancing preceded by noshes like Loaded Mac & Cheese, which'll totally make it rain if it thinks that's what it'll take to make you finish it off
I'm having spaghetti & meatballs. He's having fried calamari. Yummy. :) Great place for celebrity sitings.
Nice after-work spot and great space for private parties and events. The drinks are not too bad!
The burger is awesome!!!
This place is fantastic!  I liked the fried rice!
We like what we've eaten here but we waited for over 30 min for 1 salad appetizer and parts of our order was messed up. A couple next to us walked out b/c they waited for an hour for their entrees.
Food is pretty decent, service is cold and distant. But lunch prices are cheap! I guess you get what you pay for!
Tom Yum soup is awesome. Simple, clean recipe.
Best lunch special! Delicious pad thai!
Food is great but the waitresses are rude as fuck.
After a long day, there's nothing better than a bowl of spicy green curry, and Thai Basil hit the spot. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, and the veggies had just enough crunch. Totally delicious!
If your looking for a fast thai lunch this is the best place in the neighborhood.  Some of my favorites of the Lunch Special are the Fried Calamari and Fried Rice
Worst food and service I've had in an NYC Thai establishment. dumplings tasted microwaved. Chicken was gamey and old. Waitresses rude, quick, and inattentive. Save your $ and go elsewhere.
The curry is terrific!
Coconut ice cream and fried banana are out of this world!
Thai iced tea, chick Tom kha soup, beef w Thai basil - it could use more Thai basil but very good overall
veggie tom kha and a singha.
Don't shop here. That's my tip.
Meet the real ambassador there
You may meet mayor or ambassador next to your table
The Acapulco burrito is the best. Vegetarians, are you hearing this?
Tokowasa with sake!!!! Yo Yo
Mentai pasta...a good combination bet east and west..!!!
Mentai Pasta..!!!!!
didn't know such prices existed in the city
Nothing was that great. Nothing was worth the line to get in. Definitely wont be back
WAZABIOKTOPUZ!
Mentai fries, a bit soggy. Kikusui sake, yes please. Yellowtail collar, of course.
It's like Kokekokko of Little Tokyo in LA, except downstairs
izakayaa kenka is better. and whats up with the edamame??
Stumbled upon this while looking for Hockey Bar Hagi. How serendipitous!
chicken skin ftw!
My lovely basement little heaven. Must list: tako wasa, bonito tataki. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Loved the fried chicken ponzu and gyoza. Stay away from tempura eel. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
If you want to get a table quickly, sit at the bar! The Mochi special ice cream is divine!
this is the only good place to eat in times square.
Gyoza, yakitori, mini-udon, spicy pork belly and cabbage, and sashimi tuna salad
The best rice I have ever had! And everything is amazing!
A hidden stairwell leads to a bustling Izakaya hub, as if you fell down the rabbit hole into Tokyo. Pair cloudy, but sweet nigoris with takoyaki, corn dog, bacon wrapped enoki & yakitori!
grapefruit malt drink delicious!!
must-order items: jako salad, tuna collar, yebisu beer.
There are 3 venues w/ "152" listed as the address, so look 4 the blk awning with "Iroha" on it, enter the restaurant & go downstairs for Sake Bar Hagi. Open L8 & very affordable! Usually a line tho.
Damn tasty okonomi-yaki.
Cheap 3.6: If you want a cheap Japanese Izakaya bar, then this place near Times Square is pretty good.
Ask for a rec on sake, and don't leave w/o trying the yellowtail collar and chicken skin yakitori. Don't order any full entrees btw.
Yellowtail Sashimi is a must, as are Wagyu skewers with wasabi
Very hard to find. Hole in the wall place down in the basement. Food was cheap and good. Place smelled like bleach. Bad customer service.
winner winner, chicken liver = winner
must try the pork belly, simply amazing!
Subterranean Times Square hideaway for Japanese pub fare: yakitori to udon to dried skate fin. Fans include chefs Dave Pasternack (Esca), Michael Anthony (Gramercy Tavern) & Joe Ogrodenek (Battersby)
Konnichiwa !
Take out is fast. Great drunken noodle.
The Panang curry (lunch special) is delicious! Maybe I'm just hungry, but it's definitely hitting the spot!
Make sure you try the lemon grass steamed mussels.
This place will rip you off with the amount of rice they give. They charge $1.50 for an extra portion! Service here sucks!!!
Service is incredibly slow here!!! Be aggressive with the lady at the front to get your order moving along!
Thai home cooking style :) why not?
Wild mushroom cavatelli is an awesome new veg option on menu (and it kinda tastes like a cheesesteak). Loved it.
special food,Double chicken steak,,, nikmati aja lah walopun Sendirian...:
Good brunch food, but silly name, pun-themed dish and drink titles, and overly perky waitress.
I don't know what is better: the customer service or the lemon poppyseed pancakes. Trying to decide.
Chili calamari is delicious.
Great food but sassy staff.
Annoyed they don't have the Jambalaya on the menu and don't appear to be bringing it back. It was my favorite dish. My backup is the meatloaf. Outstanding.
The s'moreswich will send you into sugar coma but well worth it!
The chicken pot pie is fantastic!
The spinach pesto flatbread is delish!
Chicken hash with eggs was pretty good, but could have used some more spice. Arnold Palmer was just OK.
Try the Grilled Salmon Club Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
I dropped a Collectivus Brown Monkey Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
They don't give refills on $3 iced teas. If you're not careful, you'll have paid more for your iced tea than your food.
The meatloaf if fabulous
Ask for Anthony - great server!
Want to let your tastebuds dance? Order the chicken pot pie and sexy mushrooms.
Have great food, casual atmosphere, excellent service — start your night here! — Stephen L., Project Manager
food's delicious. but when entrees top $15, don't force me listen to "More Than A Feeling" & "I Just Died in Your Arms Tonight"
Wait for food is way too long!!!
They need help with the music
How to get ‘S’more of that tasty treat on August 10, 2011 National S’mores Day? http://exm.nr/nZt0Pj
I appreciate the friendly waiters but the owner is a rude jackass.
I appreciate the friendly waiters but the owner is a huge jackass.
4th of July pre fixe is so worth it!!!!
I love brunch here. I sit at the bar on Sunday mornings where Anthony is on his A-game. Grits with butternut squash are my faves but also, Bananas Foster French Toast is a great indulgent treat! The h
The chipotle meatloaf is amazing.
It's all about the sexy mushrooms!
The spicy bloody mary is really spicy! And damn good.
attentive wait staff, modern decor and prices that wont cause your eyes to roll back in your head. Order the lamb chop special if they offer the night you go. It was so tasty i shamelessly picked the
Try the Sicilian Pizza - Delicious, and only $.25 more than a regular slice! (via @Foodspotting)
Not really the place to go for a simple in and out slice, but if you want a pie that's exotic, new, and packs a punch, then come here.
Grandma Pizza is out of control!!
Bayou Beast with Spinach instead of Andoulile
Bayou beast all day
No johnnys' but delish!
If u like a surpreme slice anywhere else.... get the Cleopatra Jones.... they awesome
By far the best pizza in NY.
Always start with cheese ! That's how u can tell if they make good pizza
The kraken!! October special only, get it before its gone
I love pizza but this was nothing special. Had better
The best pizza in town Try the Newman!
Miss the original in the East Village but at least this outpost exists for the recently boring people on the uws
If you're a vegetarian/vegan, the Earth Mother is My favorite vegan slice anywhere.
Love the Newman.
Bests Pizzas: The dude and Mr. Pink  ;)
No bathroom! Or even a sink to wash your hands. They offer you hand Sanitizer or tell you to go next door to McDonald's which is inconvenient if you have children with you. Good pizza though.
Love the Larry Tate!
Get the Bayou Beast with some Cajun Garlic Bread!
Good slices; cheese pizza we got delivered had bland crust. Got a free drink refill one visit but had to pay on a different visit so not sure about their policy!
Get the a slice of the dude and say Hi to the mayor, she is super hot!  Like a good slice fresh from the oven.
Earth Mama on whole wheat - best vegan pizza around!
The people who work here are amazing! Whole wheat and gluten free options are available.
Vocês tem que melhorar muito... Atendimento ruim, comida fraca....enfim, São Paulo dá show..
Fettuccini w cream sauce and chicken is fantastic
Hop'n spot for the "east block" locals on a Friday
Salad with the hearts of palm <3 <3 #FFactorApproved
Ask to sit at the first room or else the stubborn hostess will seat you with the kids in the back. Everything is salt-less and slow service!
Service was good, Food also good. Would definitely return.
Best place to eat some pizza after a long day walking in Manhattan. Cosy and near to The Pierre.
Fried calamaris are amazing!!!
Cute terrace with lovely natural lighting in the back!
Filet of bass al Pinot Grigio...WOW :)
They will try to stick you a 20% Gratuity
Ok food, always on point
We love how there's no pomp or pretention about the place-everyone feels comfortable here. It works for all occasions. Good to know: There’s a great kids’ menu available.
After a light meal (I love the salads here!), wander over to Wollman Ice Skating Rink.  Open until 11pm on Fridays & Saturdays, this is the perfect way to spend an evening on the Upper East Side.
Nicest waitresses, she went all over the placeto find me a lemon tea
Absolutely amazing food. Authentic Italian. Everything on the Menu is amazing. But try the tiramisu. Won't be disappointed
Great classic Italian restaurant with delicious pizza, pasta, and fried calamari! Spotted a Real Housewife of DC - it's a favorite! A lot of families with children, too.
Get the calamari to start. Food came out right away. Very fresh, not too garlicky, and not too heavy Italian food. Just right.
Delicious home made pasta. And just a block away from the regency hotel if you need a quick bite
AMAZING Italian food!  and Great Location!  Try the Pasta Paglia E Fieno Del Sud!!
Order a FOCACCIA DI SOFIA for the table it is made with special cheese (a secret!) and truffle oil. Amazing! Great place to see cool people, good music, fabulous energy!
The Gnocchi di mama is amazing
yeaaaaay i need pizza
wow.....hmm..
CHECKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Best cesar salad
check check check
best ceaser salad!
Any spot that plays host to a fight disastrous enough to have Ramona in tears and Jill calling Bobby lamenting “She did it to me again” has to be included.
Hang a right at the entrance for the front bar. Find a seat among the Japanese salarymen and trust the staff to provide comforting food and conversation.
Friendly service and old school Japanese decor! It's surprisingly bigger than I thought. Try the deep fried veggies and meat! (Kushiage katsu)
The Yosenabe is unbelievable for you seafood lovers out there :)
The Yosenabe is AMAZING and so filling
Possibly the best and most authentic Japanese restaurant in NYC.  Attracts a Japanese clientele but welcoming to everyone.  Food is fresh and excellent and service is impeccable.  Try chefs suggestion
The best japanese food in nyc
Great Shrimp Tempura.
Favorite Japanese restaurant near the office. I'd recommend sitting at the back bar for 1 of the 10.75 daily lunch specials or the front bar for green tea, ebi tempura rolls, & niku udon for dinner.
VALUE: $10.75 daily lunch specials.
Sit at the front bar and order some sake. Really friendly staff with great recommendations.
One of my fave Japanese lunch spots. Daily specials are a great price,the Oyako Don is huge & yummy (one of my top 3 in NYC). They have a fantastic "fried dishes" menu that won't disappoint.
Best oyakodon I've had this side of the Pacific.
If you have the $$ consider buying a bottle at the bar on the first floor that will be tagged with your name for future visits. Otherwise, order a selection of kushiyaki. No sushi!
Get the buffet after 2:15pm for $4.99/lb!
Bad service, bad food. ; (
My favorite coffee shop in NYC.  Try an omelette.
Try the Mediterranean Omelette - Breakfast on the Upper East Side (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Western Omelette (via @Foodspotting)
Try the 2 Eggs Over Easy - Nom nom (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Buttermilk Pancakes - Break the Fast! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Deluxe Veggie Burger - Lunch with my Sammi (@TheSammiKramer) (via @Foodspotting)
very small and the service was poor
Ham and cheese omelet so good!<3
Plenty of Spinach in the spinach salad, and lots of bacon, mushrooms and eggs, too.  Worth every penny!
Try the homemade marmalade and strawberry jam.
I regularly come here for food and conversation after a trip to the Whitney. If you're on a budget, the matzo ball soup is filling without hurting the wallet.
Delicious Chix salad sandwich... Better on 7 grain--- toasted
The iced coffee isn't cold brewed
Great little place to sit and watch Columbus go by.  Great cappuccino!
Try the almond croissant, it's amazing. And I've been to France, so I know a good pastry!
Excellent sandwiches and coffee!
Pricey. But the hazelnut coffee is to die for!
Great sandwiches and friendly, helpful staff. The iced chai is delicious! And they have Orangina!
Get the Pecan Brownies. They're the best!
I come here for the pesto
Great latte!
Come early...they pretty much run out of everything by 3
Bad name for a cafe. You really don't have to be too clever to come up with a name for a cafe. The coffee and food is excellent though.
The food and beverages are terrific, the employees are friendly, and it's one of only four food venues in the U.S. that carry my Crunchees, which are addictive!
The closest that NYC has to a French café.
There's nothing Mediterranean about the Mediterranean Tuna Wrap. It's just a can of flaked tuna in a tortilla with tomatoes and lettuce. Get a burger instead.
Under new mgmt as of 5/1 - good vibe, creme brûlée very good & staff really friendly. High hopes for this neighborhood establishment!
Fried calamari is delicious, especially w the lemon aioli
The spinach dip is really good
Like wings? Order them extra crispy! They're great!
The turkey wrap had no flavor, what everybody else got looked good.
Bartender on a Sunday night was really sweet. Had a great goat cheese & beet salad, really fresh & light.
Great sushi roll lunch
Come for the sushi, stay for the playlist.
I love the all you can eat sushi
You can get three rolls of ANY type for $12.
Don't think I will ever come back here, but this is coming from the wife of a born and breed Japanese man-I have also been Japanese my while American life. The rice is not  Japanese. Chinese owned.
Best sushi delivery deal! Call and order sushi from the 3 for $12 list! A lot of options but only works if you order for delivery
Try all of the crunch spicy rolls!
Best ACYE sushi deal in town!
Very good fresh sushi, nice outside patio
The vegetable udon soup is exceptional, a good quantity.  Nice music was playing in the background. Overall, great service.
Try the soup
Tiffany roll is clutch!!!
It's a cute place. I just wish they wouldn't play so much Marc Anthony. It sorta kills the mood. Ha ha
Lunch specials are awesome deals!
Try the yummy roll, golden roll and tiffany roll... They are to die for!!!!!!!
Dinner boxes are yummm.
Chicken tereyaki is certainly nothing to write home about. Or try again. Will still probably come back to try the sushi at some point though.
На Манхетене 250 кофеен Starbucks. В этой приятно пропустить чашечку кофе после пробежки в центральном парке
Great service with a smile
Can get busy here (as expected with the area) but super friendly staff makes up for it!
Slow service is an understatement.
Look for Joel Barista he is the best!!!
Wait for a drink is LONG so if you're in a hurry - might want to skip. Drinks are always well made though.
Unlike Whole Foods, the wifi here lasts until closing.
Ridiculously small.
Very fast service, don't worry about the line make a new friend
Great food and staff. Takes a while to get ur order but in the end it worth.
They won't stir/mix up the burrito ingredients for you anymore. How ridiculous when you pay $10 for mediocre ingredients.
Slowest chipotle
The Black bitch gotta go!  She very rude and messes up orders trying to be fast.  The Domincan lady is much nicer.
The workers here don't speak English too well. Pretty annoying when trying to order.
The chips are 570 calories! (According to Eath this: Not that)
Skip the line! Use the Chipotle App!
They are consistently super stingy on portions at this location
$3 for some extra chicken. Is it that serious?! I come here all the time but that turned me off
They don't open until 11!
Why are they ALL so stingy with the veggies?!!  Thats all I ask for!!
3 hard chicken tacos w/ tomatoes, cheese & sour cream!
The smoked Tabasco sauce is the best!  Add a BBQ twist to your burrito or bowl!
Try the Tabasco chipotle pepper sauce! Best Tabasco product out there!
I normally get a chicken burrito but decided to try the "barbacoa" (seasoned shredded beef) and it was REALLY good. Much more flavor and the beef is really tender! Try it!
I suggest the Chicken Burrito Bowl!! I always get it the same: Brown rice, pinto beans, peppers and onions, medium hot sauce, corn, sour cream and extra cheese! AMAZING!
The have brown rice now!
Love the soft tacos...! :-)
Watch your receipt! This Chipotle over charges you!
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
New Chipotle around town :)
Delicious is a blueberry/acai/banana smoothie blended with soy milk.
The carrot orange ginger juice is a winner!
1.5 liter bottles of water for only 99 cents!
Try their carrot/orange juice.  It's really good!
Try the dried mango.
Zxavier ~Hours Tues/Wedn (Special Only) $80.00 & Thursdays thru Saturdays $100. Denny Moe's SuperStar BarberShop @ 2496 Frederick Douglass Blvd, Betw West 133 St & West 134Th St, New York, NY 10030.
All flavors are delicious but the indian guys who worked behind the counter (as of august 2012) seem a bit disgruntled. A little pricey also.
It's all good, of course. It's Haagen-Dazs.
Absolutely delicious. Had the moussaka and cucumber/feta salad. So good! Highlight is the corn bread (part bread, part cookie) that comes in the complimentary bread basket. Staff was great! Love!
Yesterday at Loi an episode of "Person of Interest" was filmed which will air on Jan 3rd. Even the front awning with the name will be featured-so exciting!!!
Don't miss jazz great Buyu Amboise and hid Blues and Red Band. Totally amazing and they're coming back Friday through the end of Dec.
Excellent food. Maria is a great host and a wonderful chef. We tried a couple Greek wines that were very good.
One of the best salmon meals that I've ever eaten.
Maria Loi is just fab. Very good wine.
The moussaka is the best I've had outside of Greece.
Share an order of the whisper-light moussaka and sea urchin slicked onto spoons:
The Mediterranean is calling with special holiday menus http://exm.nr/HbzLfI
amuse - bouche pre-appetizers not on the menu
@nymag best of ny - amuse (stuffed grape leaves)
Cheese croquettes are delicious!  As is the Upper West Side drink.
Lovely dining room... complimentary grape leaves on table + great bread...seafood excellent
Try the octopus and squid. This is the real deal. Just like a night on a Greek island. Outrageous bread basket. Excellent service including a visit from the chef.
Loi churns out traditional Greek food that extends a little past moussaka and pastitsio, but not deep into the fryer. Her moussaka and pastitsio are distinctive and light.
Delicious Greek seafood and it’s rumored that the owner/celebrity chef Maria Loi cooks without sugar or butter, so you can feel better about devouring the delicious desserts!
Maria Loi has been described as the Martha Stewart of Greece, with a succesful restaurant, TV series and cookbooks in her native country.
Order the Last Word: equal parts of gin, chartreuse, maraschino liquor, lime juice.
Save your pizza pie receipts...buy 10 pizza pies and get the 11th one free
9.99 for one of the best medium whole wheat pizza pies!!
Can i get a slice of rizza
Super quick service, Chicken Pad Thai was pretty good, they serve hot and cold sake. Free edamame upon seating.
Very good value! Fresh food! Fast delivery (I heard the phone order, and saw the delivery person leave soon after
Great pre-movie place. Tasty food, cheap drinks.
Ginger chicken was underwhelming.
Great food Spring Roll n Veggie Lo Mein
Juicy pork buns are the best!
Curry shrimp is awesome   and great deals for lunch
Great place to take dates.
Bang for your buck for sure!
Great veggie dumplings (and I don't ordinarily order "veggie" anything.) :-)
Happy Hour $3-5; Mon-Friday 3-8pm, Weekends 12-8pm
Love this place. Except they don't have seafood Pho on the menu :(
The Pho is pretty good, and so are the summer rolls.  steamed buns could be better
Fresh Vietnamese food. Very good money value. Now they have happy hour in the evening, serving stiff drinks.
I like the Pad Thai because it's not as sweet as in other restaurants, although it tastes a tad Chinese.
Scallion pancake + #29 Bun w/ meat spring roll = satisfaction
new place...food is really good.  check it out.  go now!
10% discount grand opening special unilateral 12/31
At last a Vietnamese restaurant in my neighborhood. Reasonably priced but a bit americanized.
Chicken Ceasar Wrap is a something I crave from here!
Try the regular or strawberry margarita made by Erick. The best bartender EVER!
THE BIGGEST HIP HOP CONCERT OF THE YEAR IS GOING DOWN ON JUNE 3RD, 2012 FOR MORE INFORMATION HEAD TO HOT97.COM NOW!
Fun choice for something different on the UWS.  Music every night and good drinks.  Food was not bad but nothing exceptional.
Gospel icon Vy Higginsen says Sugar Bar is her favorite spot in NYC. A small venue packed with a menu full of flavor & an occasional celebrity sighting. Read more about it on MetroFocus.
See the Shaynee Rainbolt Quartet here at Sugar Bar tonight!  January 13th at 8 & 9:30pm!  Don't be afraid of a little Friday the 13th!  Come out and enjoy some live and swingin' jazz in NYC!
best draft beer in town
Have fun at the Sugar Bar! That's what the main purpose of the place is. It's the only place in NYC where u'll meet great people with a great heart and that are just genuinely abt having a gr8t time.
Good food & drinks, cozy atmosphere, great music.  Wish I could get here more often.  Miss you Nick!
R.I.P Nick Ashford  condolences to Valerie & Family!!!!! gone to glory but never forgotten......
Thursday nights are the best!! Open mic is amazing, almost everybody can sing and celebrity sightings aren't rare! Try the strawberry butter on the cornbread :-)
Love this place. Nick Ashford comes through and speaks to everybody. He's the coolest.
Food is fantastic and reasonably priced & great spot to meet legendary celebrities especially on the  Thursday open Mic night
Check out the Paul Peress all star band! They are an amazing jazz band. Lots of great energy and awesome tunes. The crab stuffed shrimp is delicious.
Awsome restaurant! Thursday nights are incredible, go here for a great time, great music, and fun celebrity sightings! Make sure to order the mac and cheese!
Love this place. Great food, music and crowd. It's owned by legendary singers Ashford & Simpson. Great celebrity sighting as well especially on Thursday night.
Try the peartini!!!
see the Shaynee Rainbolt Quartet here at Sugar Bar this Saturday 11/20 at 8 & 9:30! Smooth swinging jazz!
The Shaynee Rainbolt Quartet plays here twice this month: Sept 1st and 22nd.  Excellent local hang and Rainbolt is fantastic.  Smooth & silky jazz with the city's finest musicians.
Tuesday Nights this summer stop by for the Blues open mic with The Back Alley Players
Nice chill vibe, cabana decor, friendly service and live music. I could make this my regular spot.
Ask for a seat at the 4 person bar and tip the bartender Raphael generously
Decent food, but nothing extraordinary, and therefore overpriced.
Excellent and authentic italian food but far far too expensive!!! 54$ for 1 glass of wine, 1 appetiser and one small portion of assorted cured meat.
Prosciutto and the prosciutto puffs. Amazing.
Get the 36 month aged prosciutto. You won't be sorry
Incredible experience. Some of the best service I have ever had.
two words:  prosciutto puffs.
Buy some salami, cheese (suggest the gorgonzola) and some wine a few doors down (pour) and head to central for a picnic.
Great find for dinner before a Lincoln Center show, but be sure to make a reservation and leave yourself time to walk down.
Try the Selezione Del Salumiere (via @Foodspotting)
Simply amazing meal - Italian small plates that are fantastic!!
Meat platter a must!
Try the Trippa alla Fiorentina (via @Foodspotting)
Posto meraviglioso! Cesare il cuoco e' the best!!!!!
The plates are small so don't hesitate to order a few items.  We recommend the prosciutto di parma, caponata, and costina.
NOT A GOOD PLACE!!! THE PORTIONS ARE MINIMAL AND IT'S WAY OVER-PRICED FOR THE QUALITY AND ATTENTION THAT YOU RECIEVE!!!!
Cesare Casella does wondrous things with vegetables, beans, cheese, and salumi at this tiny spot that's remarkably laid back at lunch, On Thursdays, the buffalo mozzarella arrives straight from Italy.
Perfect for a small group, attentive service and really tasty “italian tapas.”
their selection of Italian meats and cheeses, plus their small plates serving-style makes this place to die for. you leave feeling satisfied, full, but never "stuffed"
Anne Burrell, of Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate, stops by Salumeria Rosi Parmacotto in New York, NY, for salumi and small plates. We recommend the Costina. Find more tips at FN Local.
Best prosciutto in town...
This is not just any salumeria! The real draw here is the “selezione,” a variety of sized samples, sliced salumi, and prosciuttos.
Try the MANO  FORMATE Cured Meat Platter - 2 slices of 8 different types of meat...delicious!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lamb Osso Bucco (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Strawberry Panna Cotta (via @Foodspotting)
One word: Culatello
Prosciutto Puffs, Marinated Eggplant, and Fresh Burrata
Try the sweet potato gnocchi
Cesare Casella's small plates parlor is a great place for a few bites of premium imported antipasti and a glass of wine, or a larger meal of more substantial meat and pasta dishes. [Eater 38 Member]
They brought various salumi and bread to Choice Eats- you know it was tasty since it stood out among all the elaborate dishes! Can't beat that age old combo.
Get the calamari. And say hi to brian
i search man here www.instaplaygirl.com
Love the pho. Terrific and casual neighborhood spot.
nothing special,just ok.
Try the Chicken Fried Chicken Livers - So good this pic is just the dish (via @Foodspotting)
$15 credit card minimum, just so you know.
Great outdoor seating and a decent selection of bottle beer
excellent food and service.. highly recommendable
Love the filet mignon here
hot n' sour, clotted, dour, tropical beverage, topical leverage, curry stew, slurry brew, ornery host, cornered, toast, fading light, dating slight, warm the belly, swarm the nelly ...
Amazing banh mi!
Get the pad tai.  And say hi to Brian.
O pho I love you so...
U can smoke outside... Priceless!!!
not great.
Brian is cool
Bring the owner flowers. He likes them.
Best vietnamese baguette sandwich ever. Get the roast pork.
Everything on this menu is good.  If you can't decide then just close your eyes and point to something.  The calamari is the best
$11 Pad Thai Chicken. Fuck. And. Yes.
Don't covet thy neighbor's wife. And spell neighbor properly.
Get the calamari, and the spicey noodles.
You get a great sun through the high glass windows but... Food was not enjoyable. A group of us had the crab roll, burger, fried broccoli, King Caesar salad and none of it was very good.
Plus: $16 brunch includes bloody mary. Minus: no bread in da house, how weird is that?!
The gin Aviation is divine. Just do it
Great bar. Hot barmaid.
Chicken pâte is awesome With a glass of mas des roches!!! !
The bernaise sauce on the burger will change your perspective on life!
Ask for pam the bartender!  Tell her Zisser sent you.  She is the best in town!
Try a "His Majesty" cocktail with Purity Vodka... delicious!
Try the Riazul Tequila cocktail!!!!!
The best pizza and service in town!!!
Best pizza in town
Gotta try the fried calzones...outta this world. Pizza has gotten alot better.
Great Latin food and cheap; great non-crowded sports bar too.
probably the best pho in town! the most non-asian looking Vietnamese restaurant.
Tasty Vietnamese, low key atmosphere & reasonably priced.
So yum for delivery or eat in. Get the soup with mushrooms, the beef noodles and the sticky rice. Great value, great spot!
My favorite is the clay pot chicken.
VOTE COREY JOHNSON FOR CITY COUNCIL - JUNE 2013!!'
Vietnamese dining with cleverly balanced ingredients
Pho bo and hu tiu sate are awesome and so reasonably priced. Love the plate of accompaniments to spice up!
We love the intimacy, which can really up the ante when we’re out on a date. And aside from the tasty food, the cocktails are quite delicious (try the blood orange martini).
Avoid tables in middle, you'll be hit by passing waiters. Banana bread is to die for.
Don't get the bun xao. Also, fish sauce a bit on the sour side and mixed in for you.
Omai Salad and Pho Bo are great!
I will definitely come here again to eat shrimp ravioli and tuna roll!!
Try tuna roll!
Crispy spring rolls rock...make sure to wrap them in the lettuce and stuff
Sake! Sake! Sake! Delicious. Call ahead to get the window table.
Love the Monkfish appetizer
Delicious. Order Pho, okra, duck salad and monkfish. Scalding hot water in bathroom sink be warned.
Love the Pho and the Jasmine tea!
Martha Stewart gets her spring rolls here too.
Omai salad is great. Get hoisen to add.
Pho is ok, monkfish app and beef salad are great, claypot chicken is good
Try their rolls, the tuna one was delicious.
I'm here but take out is the best
Have the Monkfish appetizer.
Ask about the Passion fruit mojito!
Enjoyed the Green Papaya Salad, Crispy Red Snapper and finished up with a tasty Vietnamese Coffee.  Everything on the menu is yummy so it's hard to go wrong!
The bbq pork, monkfish, and red snapper are all fantastic
For 7 dollars you get 3 dishes, rice, roti, and sauces. You can't beat the quick Indian food craving any better than this place
The paneer mattar/ tofu & peas is delicious.
Get the tasty 3-veg platter to go for $6.50. Comes with rice and chabatti.
There's a reason why the city's ex-pat cabbies are lined up here day and night - huge, affordable portions of DELICIOUS, authentic, all-vegetarian food from the subcontinent.
Ask for free chapatti with your lunch special (3 veggies and rice), which is actually served until 4am
Amazing vegetarian food..super cheap..must try: Punjabi Kadhi only available on Fridays.
Amazing cheap all vegetarian Indian food!
Check out the free water.
You want the Hellboy. The combo of soppressata, spicy honey, and fior di latte makes a pizza that's frighteningly easy to finish fast. Make sure you say hi to Paulie too, as he's often on the floor.
The pizza with Canadian bacon and maple syrup changed my life
The Hellboy is one of the best pies on the menu. Ask for a side of the hot honey so you can add it to other pizzas.
Pizza tastes like you are in Italy. And the pizza oven is from Naples. The crust is crazy good. Try the Mo cheeks pizza. Awesome.
The Hellified Porkpie White: fior di latte, spicy soppressata, sweet fennel sausage, garlic, basil, red onions and most importantly: Mike's hot honey, is a thing of utter beauty.
Don't even try to fool yourself into thinking you can take half home. Cherry jones and the Hellboy were amazing - although everything on the menu sounded inventive and delicious.
Best. Pizza Joint. Ever. If you haven't had Paulie Gee's, you haven't lived.
If you have room for dessert, the ice cream w/ Mike's Hot Honey is a surprise winner.
Thought it was awesome that Paulie was walking around greeting everyone making sure they were enjoying the food. Hell boy and cherry jones were both amazing...oh and Hot Honey?YES JUST DO IT
Cherry Jones + Root Beer = Bliss
Paulee Gee is old school Brooklyn Jewish and Italian. Nice guy with great pies.
Tried 6 pies with a big group. All were good, but Hellboy, Cherry Jones & Anise Anephew were the faves. Order a bottle of the Zin to wash it down.
Check out Paulie Gee’s special vegan menu, which has inventive options like the Vegan Grapeful Dead, topped with baby spinach, olive oil, nutritional yeast, and pickled grapes.
Must try the Greenpointer! It's also great as an appetizer or a salad :)
Get there at least 15 mins prior to opening if we want to get in the first seating. Anything that combines sweet and savory is amazing. Don't be afraid of the hellboy it's not THAT spicy.
Great Vegan pies for those non dairy kids out there
The Hellboy just blew my mind and my taste buds out of my skull. Also, the space and atmosphere are absolutely perfect...
Try the Greenpointer!
It's extremely important that you try the Anise and Anephew. If Go Fig Yourself is on the menu, go for that over the Cherry Jones. Too packed? Order to-go and eat on the waterfront!
Try the King Harry The Iv - Italian tomatoes, provolone, beef meatballs, sliced cremini mushrooms and golden raisins (via @Foodspotting)
This place is insane !!!  The pizza is SO GOOD, very tasty !! and the owner is really nice :-)
Paulie Gee is a super friendly owner who makes you feel totally warm and fuzzy for eating pizza in a converted barn. Favorite Pie: the Hellboy, which is especially delectable if you dig spicy.
Amazing pizza, and the vegan chocolate chip cookies are so so good!
Could be the best pizza joint in the city. Bold, yes. Me care, no.
Sit by the bar so you can get all the hot honey you want!
Went on a Sunday night when they were slammed and owner Paulie G himself was  handing out free pizza slices to all those waiting. He is a real class act! (oh and the pizza is top notch!!)
Yum eat the pizza. Yum Mr. Stallone.
Some of the best pizza you'll ever eat. The bacon marmalade pie is one of the most amazing things I've ever put in my mouth. Also recommend the Hell Boy with soppresata and special hot honey.
We go here fairly regularly as IWW are a couple blocks away. We've never had a bad experience here and it's baby friendly!  I
BEST PIZZA IN NYC. Get the Hellboy.  No really, get it.
Get the backpack chair.
Awesome $10 lunch special with soup salad dumplings California rolls and an entree.
Don't come here today. We've been waiting for food for 45 minutes. Apparently, the Department of Sanitation is here.
Spicy kani salad is really spicy! :)
I'm all about the 3 roll maki lunch. Oh my! Sushi Heaven :-)
Underwhelmed. waited 25 mins for small takeout order. most pieces fall apart, was like eating tossed sushi. salmon was salty smoky flavor
Great lunch sushi roll specials. But don't order their chirashi. It's pretty weak.
The Soba Noodle Soup has zero flavor:(
Prepare to wait for lunch, slow as heck.
Try the fresh orange by toothpick palate cleanser which comes with the bill. It's the perfect end to a great meal.
Amazingly slow... where is my food?
Shrimp tempura roll is amazingggggg !!!!
For fast service, go before 12:30 or after 1:45. Otherwise, it's packed and somewhat slow.
Amazingly fast! Great maki lunch special:)
This place is fabulous! Great prices especially for lunch.
Very good! Very fresh, great fast service, did I mention VERY good!
Udon noodles are really good!  Large portion, very filling.
Best view of the empire state building.  Too bad about the construction.
The "biscuit" is a flat zeppole sans powered sugar. Local joint for take-out fried chicken and tenders.
9-1-1 wings are some of the spiciest I've ever had. Highly recommended if you are a masochist for spice like me.
Get the buffalo wings with potato wedges!
Best onion rings in town!
Eh! It was hyped so I tried. Didn't meet hype. Mashed potatoes were frozen, not that tasty, and not enough gravy making them dry. Fried chicken was ok.
Best chicken fingers I've had since Chicken Noodle in Philadelphia, and that was 10 years ago.
If you see @brettharmon here, punch him
Try the chicken!
three piece tenders with new yorker sauce, potato wedges and a dr pepper.  get with it.
Terminator BBQ is da bomb!
Try the Beef Ramen (via @Foodspotting)
Well, it's cheap, but you get what you pay for. Avoid the Soondooboo ramen. Thumbs down.
Hot ramen on a cold night!  Hits the spot.
I love Ramen and wasn't disappointed. Impressive service!
COMIC SANSSSSS
$2 beers Mon-Thu but food was SOO bad. Eggnoodle buns w/ pork for starters good, rest was just WTF? With all the options in the neighborhood - would never recommend anyone going.Nice service though :)
Spicy pork! And make sure you get a seat where you can see the Tv and watch the how-to videos.
Poor service. Would not recommend.
Awesome prices, chill environment, quick service....I die for their beef teriyaki and yaki udon, gyoza, and chicken don. love love LOVE!!
I think this place was delicious! I don't understand what all the criticism is about but the beef roman was great!
Tofu & Vegetable Ramen is the best
So sad. There's so much good food in this neighborhood. This place is not. Avoid. Like. The. Plague.
Oily noodle. Nice service
Surprised at all the negative comments. I think this place is great. I love the beef ramen. Spicy is good too but just a little too spicy for me!
There is always a sale on Ramen here. Good cheap pork buns and yakitori (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Dollar menu isn't bad but you have to have a min. Order of 8 bucks.
Went here due to the other famous jap. restaurants being closed. Disappointed at the max! Japanese pancake was oily and heavy. Tried the spicy beef ramen, not all that good. Overall, no bueno!
I had karaage, okonomiyaki, and a couple of yakotoris and they were all highly disappointing. I might come back to drink and the ambiance is cool but I won't be eating here again.
Horrible! It's gotta be new owner with new staff. It was bad but not like this. Tried 5 dishes and 7 yakitories but I spit out most of them.
$2.50 draft sapparo $12 pitchers and a dollar menu!
Come for the ramen, stay your the 90s euro-dance!
The bibimbap is pretty excellent!
Great lunch specials
The spicy ramen is very, very good.
The service and food here are great. Love the cafeteria setup and the tv that shows how food was made and discovered.
Try the tonkotsu ramen
Okonomiyaki ftw!
Only spice seafood ramen is worth trying here. Save your money elsewhere if you want shiyo or miso ramen.
First time here and I ordered the Mussel Soup.  Very unusual and tasty!
Enticed inside by the lovely Esther, had some shishamo and Sapporo.  Pay Esther more!
As always the food is great and the servers are friendly
We tried 4 dishes Cornish hen, seafood ravioli and the ravioli in pink sauce....AMAZING!!!. We ate like Kings!!!  The only bad part was the service....no one gave a shit, no 1 made an effort!!!
Great pizza, great atmosphere. Would definitely come back!!!
Order the prosciutto and arugula pie. Delish!
The quatro formaggi pie is the tits.
The service could use some improvement . The food is ok.
LOVE their spaghettini al pomodoro and gnoccheti di ricotta e spinaci!
“Top 50” pizza in NYC by Zagat. — Mashood O., Tech Support
Solid pies, 2nd best is LIC other than manetta's
Best pizza:  Arugula/Sausage
Bad pizza. Bad service. Bland food all around. Avoid it ... There are better places in the area.
Incredible Italian
Mighty fine pizza, haven't been disappointed in the appetizers yet.
Food here is absolutely delicious. They also have pretty good cocktails. The best part? The bread comes is served in a flower pot. 'Nuff said.
The butternut squash soup is delish!
Try the food.
Try the everything.
get the veal chop
The ricotta gnocchi is fantastic! (And not heavy at all.)
That foursquare lunch special needs to be revised...its the second time I unlock it and I get told is not valid on weekends - ad a line or 2 on what the terms are! Otherwise, good eggs
The lamb ragu papardelle is delicious. The smaller size is perfect for medium hunger level. They bring out very tasty fresh baked bread to start off your dinner.
The egg biscuit is the way to go if you're here for brunch. Good bloody Mary's too.
Try the Fried Fish Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
French Toast for brunch is a must-have before you die!
The menu's always changing, the prices aren't gougey, and there's plenty of outdoor seating. If you can't snag a table here, grab a drink at The Diamond and check out their sister restaurant, Calyer.
You basically can't go wrong here. Personal favorites (at least on the current menu): Spring Pea soup, burrata, and gnocchi with mushrooms. And don't think about leaving before you have dessert!
With the warm summer weather approaching, make use of Anella's pergola-secluded seating instead of dealing with a table precariously situated on a sidewalk.
PLT, whitefish salad sandwich
Try the French toast!!! You deserve it!
The homemade burrata is sublime, as is the free bread baked in a flowerpot.
Great brunch! #MOO
Best French toast ever.
This bread is amazing!
Try the Egg Biscuit - Slightly over-baked today, but still a satisfying buttery egg sandwich! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Gemelli - OUTSTANDING. Hands down the best restaurant in Greenpoint/Williamsburg. AMAZING!!!
Best restaurant in Greenpoint. Their tomatoes taste like candy. The bar is made with salvaged wood from the Steinway piano factory.
Fantastic, fresh, & extremely flavorful dishes - brunches are excellent w/lots of in-house baked goods; dinners are exquisite; the bar makes yummy, innovative drinks w/seasonal ingredients & herbs.
Order mussels and their papardelle- both classic staples that never disappoint
Pork belly special app a must. Chicken and charred corn perfect summer dish. Only wish had room for donut dessert!
Order the specials after experiencing the staples-chef never disappoints and pork belly is amazing
Ask to get a fried egg on your BLT. It's not on the menu with egg, but they'll happily do it! Also, get a biscuit on the side. Buttery and fluffy, crispy on the outside perfection.
Bloody Marys make excellent companions at your brunch table.
Their charcuterie plate is homemade and amazing!
The number one is awesome
Go off menu and order the chili-topped waffles.
#2 Italian sandwich is a must have!
From far the most expensive chain of salad and sandwich bar in the city. Food was tasteless.
The Lennys #1 is the best!!!!!
chicken cutlet on ciabatta with hummus is delicious..
Best egg whites in New York City. 5 for $3.88. Best deal in New York too!
The bacon & egg on whole wheat toast is the best!!!
Spicy chicken wrap is the bees knees!
Goood quality breakfast here...just have to talk fast when ur ordering...black ice coffee kinda sucks here
Very nice service!
Went on a Saturday morning at 8am, was fairly quiet for the location I thought! Everything bagel with lox spread was great!
Can't speak for the rest of their offerings, but the worst whole wheat bagel I've ever had. Hard, dry, and only discernible flavor was cardboard/grass-esque. Avoid.
My favorite is the H2, the thanksgiving sandwich. Mmmm.. Also, place your order at their website and avoid the crowds!
You can order bagels all day long, which is nice when you miss the arbitrary 10:30 cut off for breakfast.
Fresh turkey and corned beef (h4) is my pick.
Come in knowing what you want or be eaten up by the lunchtime mayhem! It's insane here.
Try the spicy! Its wonderful
Ask for the G3 sandwich - Grilled roast beef, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and A-1. Mmmm
lenny's combo is the best!
The Italian is one I'd the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. And I've had some good sandwiches!
Follow Lenny's NYC on twitter for free give a ways...at random times on 3 random days a week!
Food that isn't already prepared always takes forever
Pizza was Good!!!
Veggie lovers and cheese personal pizzas are awesome!! Ask them to make fresh for you and they would oblige... Best personal pizza so far!!!
Didn't tried the pizza unfortunately, after long time waiting inline I left
They did not have large in Pan Pizzas :( Charged over 14 bucks (before taxes!) for a single topping medium pan pizza. WTF!!
STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM HERE!! Dodge this place like the plague! Food took long and tasted awful, and we had to ask for food that was missing, soda was HOT AND WATERY, dining area was dirty.
Good customer services plenty of space
My simple order went through one ear & out the other. Manager didn't offer or care to up-sell me on a beverage, she forgot I ordered fries. A nyc street bum is holding the door open for people (money)
By far the shittiest McDonald's in the United States. You'll have better luck dumpster diving.
They are pretty inefficient in the morning. They take one coffee order at a time instead of preparing more than one. Kinda silly
This place smells!!
Slow/poor service. Waited 10 mins to order a coffee once. There was ONE person ahead of me. If they mess up your order they won't remake it (unlike bucks). $1 coffee, guess you get what you pay for
Slowest service ever
Shitty place, but good for a quick and cheap meal.
Bizim ekipp :)
Very fast service! Even when it is packed. Good for a fast food restaurant.
One of the ladies here behind the counter has a lazy eye. Funny.
Error not a 1.00 mcdouble place ..
Slow peak hour service... What a joke, some staff standing around and chatting instead of serving.
Employees don't know what they doing n they slow with attitude
Truly impressive. The employees at this McD's have turned poor service into an art form.
Cheese burger happy meal is one of the cheapest in Manhattan, but place is always crowded and seating is hard to find.
Who has meetings in McDonalds?! See Eric V.
Comida de m! Pero barata y rápida!
A great place if you need a restroom.
Slow service. And it sorta smells.
GREAT PLACE after shopping at Macy's. You neeeeeeed to Relax ;-))))
Great little spot with A/C while waiting for meetings.
Соевое молоко решает! Мы живем в 21 веке, остальным кофейням тоже стоит задуматься о людях, которые не пьют regular milk!
Favorite: Caramel Machiatto.
Super slow. Always lots of tourists. But there is a big seating area downstairs.
What's with the 20-somethings pitching MLM "businesses" to other young folks? It's all a scam kids; don't waste your money.
The lower level is where it's at!
They play great music here!
Try green tea Frappuchino!!! It's just great!;)
Say hi to Maria! She is the friendliest partner I've met in the city!
All crews are having fun each other. Terrible customer service.
No egg nog or caramel brulee left today.  :(
Stop in here and chances are you'll see at least one or two men of Bonhoeffer or other TKC students working, chatting, or just having a cup!
My favorite Starbucks in the city by far. Friendly staff, abundant outlets, unobtrusive customers, what more can you ask for?
Chocolate chunk cookies rock! Take a regular black coffee if you're a straight fella.
Lots of seating space in cellar.
Be careful if you're short on time; the baristas don't seem to make the drinks in order! I had to wait extra time because one of them accidentally moved my cup to the back. :(
The Red Velvet Whoopie pie doesn't taste so good.
My favorite Starbucks in the city. They have fresh coffee, bathroom and seating.
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
Good attencion
This is one of Starbucks where you can connect your laptop to outlet. It's downstairs folks!
Will only give you a tall iced water. Tried to give me an iced coffee that was all milk. Ridiculous.
Overpriced
Love the lower level here!
Zenobi always hooks you up if you come in enough...the entire staff is great about remembering people's names and drink of choice
What can i say about starbucks? Ever since i discovered it back in college when my boy van diesel used to date a server. The only thing i ever drank all these years have been a caramel apple cider =/
Big seating area downstairs with small and large tables.
Tons of tourists here (it's in the Empire State Building) and they charge arbitrary prices for things. watch closely.
Beware: The wifi connection here is sluggish.
they switch between anniversary and estima blends a lot. Need a little more variety.
very cool to meet friends!
This store has no electrical outlets. Nuff said.
Pumpkin Spice Latte time!!!!
Try the unsweetened Green Tea Lemonade - very refreshing!
Try the unsweetened Green Tea Lemonade - very refreshing!
El cafe so, so.  pero es EL lugar en el mundo!!!!!!!!!
Only one outlet at this Starbucks
Miss this coffee much in my country ...
когда на улице дождь, здесь очень уютно!
If you drink at Starbucks a lot, get a Starbucks card for rewards like free drinks!!!
Starbucks warms you up and gives you a caffeine kick!
I dot know why everyone is saying that they are slow. I go there every morning during the rush and they are very efficient and fast.
They are FAST at this Starbucks :-0
always a long line in the morning but they're pretty efficient
Photographers tip: brilliant spotlights above the seats for great portraits.
They always bring the block rockin' beats.
Get an iced/hot chocolate, but have them use egg nog instead of milk!
Don't come here during the weekends! It's flooded with tourists. Also, the service is not great here.
NO POWER OUTLETS. They used to, but they took them out.
Super Ice coffee!
Should've read the tip... Not the Starbucks to stop by when you are in a rush they are SLOOOOW
The definitely put something into there coffee. For days I could sleep.
Forgot I labeled this the slowest Starbucks.... One year later, still the slowest Starbucks!!! Don't let the short line fool you-- they take FOREVER.
The employees at this store are very nice and they keep the line moving
The staff here is awesome... Also it's nice to see a manager on the floor helping get rid of the line. Everyone seems happy to wait!
Very organized here, less than 5 mins in and out!
They do coffee here. Imagine.
Ask for Alex, all the baristas here have GREAT customer service!
Gave me my coffee for free because my gft card wasn't working. Love their service!
Staff, service and speed here are Superb!
This is actually a very well run Starbucks. And everyone is very pleasant, they all seem to be on the same page.
Double stars on Monday when you get coffee!
Since Starbucks bought Crumbs there is no more 99 cents coffee...
Get a pump of vanilla to off set that nasty Starbucks coffee taste you're welcome.
SWEET STAFF! Serving Smiles Daily :) Love the rocky road and raspberry swirl!
There's never a bad time to scope out the cupcake selection and grab a really cheap iced coffee.
Good deal on coffee, 99 cent for any size! But no bathroom.
Decent burger, smaller then expected. Sweet potato fries were also adequate. Milkshake was on par. The prices, however, are less than favorable. Consider your options.
Small burgers, small salads, okay taste.
Try the Classic Goodburger With Lettuce, Pickles, Ketchup (via @Foodspotting)
Don't let the name fool you. Should be mehburger
Surprisinly good chili. Good consistency, nice heat, big chunks of meat and beans.
Cheese 6ries
The burger here was SO good! The fries were a little too greasy though. However, this may be a little TMI, but now I'm Occupying the Bathroom... I think I might vomit :'(
Slow but friendly service burgers are not worth the price they are definitely good burgers but I like amazing or great ex shake shack or fresh n fast not worth it in my opinion
Don't eat here. Food is great, but you'll always wait 15 minutes or more, even when they're not busy.
Get the crispy chicken sandwich with "the works". Way better than their burgers.
The mayor of goodburger gets a free burger every Monday that they're mayor & everyone receives a free soda on every checkin!
For the money, people here are seriously overrating it.
Cool branch in particular as they always have 80's music on, and the workers are very chill. Free fountain soda refills add a touch of class.
Burgers are not that good... But the cheese fries are amazing
Skip this stop unless you like to eat in 100 degree temps, and wait a half hour for a burger that's not that good!
Come in and say hi to Carl. He rocks!
Say hi to Carl. He rocks!!!
Tasty shakes and burgers but prices are ridiculous. 15 bucks for a burger, fries, and shake?  Crazy'. Burgers are better at 5 guys two blocks away...and cheaper!
A good place for having a quick lunch without the "en masse" feeling. Make sure to check-in before ordering to get a free drink. ;)
The mayor of goodburger gets a free burger every Monday that they're mayor & everyone receives a free order of fries every 5th checkin!
Eat the french fries. You won't regret it.
The Cookies and Cream shakes are tasty.
If I need a burger to go, this is the place. The service is always friendly, the food is prepared fresh, and the burger is cooked to perfection. And you can even have a Sam Adams or a great shake.
This place makes me happy.
Butter & sugar + strawberries- HEAVEN
TRY OUR NUTELLA HOT CHOCOLATE
People who are having problems with the staff need to look inward to find the problem. They have never been anything but gracious and friendly to me.
Spinach, goat cheese, basil and mushrooms crepe = just do it. Savory crepe goodness - oh my!
Like Vive la Crepe on Facebook.com/VivelaCrepe now through Nov 4th to be entered to win 100$ of Free Crepes! Its a scary good deal!
If you like pancakes go here. Otherwise head to Creperie in les.
Try the the following savory crepe: Baby Spinach, Goat Cheese, Mushrooms, and Basil. (Minus the mushrooms)
Download our Mobile App to get a Free Nutella Crepe With Purchase!
Still can't get over how good this was. Prosciutto in a crepe?! Yum! Make sure to use the Scoutmob deal for 50% off!
Overpriced, but pretty damn good crepes.
Great place to get a crepe!
Nutella and strawberry crepe - dreams are made of this.
Get the Dulce de Leche with crushed walnuts!
One of the best places in Union sq. u can never go wrong with white choc+strawberry+banana..
Order the #7 with not potatoes and add spinach! xoxoKate
White chocolate w/almonds. YUM!
Make sure you tell the cashier your oder by description and not by number. He'll screw it up and throw attitude and blame your for his mistake.
salty or sweet crepes either way you go it's good. Pricey but good! They have an app for a free crepe if you download it. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The Baby Spinach, Goat Cheese, Mushrooms, and Basil is a great savory crepe. Extra mushrooms and spinach. For dessert, definitely have the Dark Chocolate crepe. They brew Illy Espresso!
Skip it. More hype than crepe.
Nutella Crepes of course!
Crepes are ok but servers are not all that friendly, they got an order wrong and forgot to prepare cappuccinos we ordered
Server not friendly, place is small.
Get #11.  Egg, salmon, cream cheese and capers.  Easy on the capers.
Free Nutella crepe with Vive La Crepe app and any purchase!
Whoops...crepes haha not creeps but I'm sure you knew that :p
Sweet staff!! Even sweeter creeps :) Seriously?!!! Delicious!!
Possibly the slowest crepe makers in the city. Very tasty but be prepared to wait a while.
Nutella & banana all the way !
Greek coffee!  IKm told is like liquid cocaine.  So delish its addictive!
Get the fried zucchini and the grappa.
The food here is excellent.  Try the fried calamari!  I love it.
Great hummus!  Yummy grilled octopus too!
Lamb kebab is tender and delicious - order medium rare. Service is great. Fantastic alternative to Ethos.
The food is awesome! Beautiful, clean, delish.
Food arrived two HOURS after I had ordered it...and when it did, it was stone cold, congealed and inedible. We had to throw it out. No apology, no refund, nothing.  The worst service I have ever seen.
Just try out moe's cool place. I do enjoy that high tech touch screen soda machine. But if Im not mistaking they don't give free cheese instead of the salsa. Should have use foursquare queso special
Must try the tacos, they're Awesome!!
Way more veggie friendly then the competition!
Taco stacks are the greatest invention ever....
Monday 5.99 for burrito, chips, and drink
Can't go wrong with the Quesadilla!!! Love the Sauce bar in the back. Limonata for a drink is great!
Great prices, friendly staff. Make sure if you are traveling SOUTH on River Road, you take the LEFT by the police station.
The only thing good here is the great queso sauce and Coke Freestyle machine. The meat and employees are horrible. Go to Chipotle next door.
Chicken and steak quesadilla for the win, and free chips,salsa. Chipotle bites the dust!
this place is unbelievable. far better than qdoba or chipotle
Been there twice and both times the workers seem to have misery written all over their faces so expect to eat sad food, because they're not making it with love. :'(
Try the chicken club quesadilla with a whole grain torella. Mmmm yummy! The queso is to die for too.
Don't eat here, ever.
Tried the the home wrecker burrito pretty good ..
My kids laughed when they heard "Welcome to Moe's!" every few minutes.
Since it just opened, the workers are a bit slow so expect to be there for a bit especially if you're taking a lunch break. If they ask you if you want chips, say yes - they're free!
Beef barley soup 
2 words: lemon cake.
try the four flower mimosa and goldie lox, delicious!
Good Sarabeth's food without the wait. Head here when you don't feel like waiting in line for hours.
Crab cake was delish! But the "English muffin" it comes with is a bit too much bread.
Chicken caesar salad is delicious--but tomatoes don't belong on one.
Great chopped salad and nutella dessert!
very good rigatoni alla catanese & great costoletta di maiale ! but don't forget to try their schiacciatina di nutella for dessert ! basically , a thin focaccia deliciously filled with nutella ! ! !
20% off lunch and dinner at Da Ciro when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
Very friendly place... You gonna have good time
Make reservations!
On FoodNation Bobby Flay is joined by Ciro Verdi the chef and co-owner of Da Ciro Ristoranti, serving regional Italian food and pizza from their wood-burning oven. Find more tips at FN Local.
Best Italian in Murray Hill, hands down.
Spaghetti and meatball special on Sunday's... Probably the best I ever had...
Great grappa!
The MOST amazing robiola...if you got to Da Ciro it is a MUST
Get the nutella foccacia. Nuff said.
Maple Shay Shay with half the syrup. Yes.
their iced maple shay shay is amazing!!
slow but tasty. I think tasty wins out.
Great Coffee. Lives up to it's reputation ;-)
Be sure to bike here for a discount if coffee. Nothing better than a good cup of joe after a morning ride.
Get the hibiscus donut.
Mmmm donuts
Great coffee! Can't drink any other coffee after this
Get the affogato. (Was going to leave a pic for posterity but I ate it too fast.)
Maple shay shay is amazing.
Outside benches are comfy. Grab a coffee and their egg salad / bacon baguette and sit for a moment.
One of the best espresso on the rocks in Brooklyn (strong!) -- put a little almond milk in it. So good
Iced maple shay light on the maple will make your day twice over.
The coffee ice cream is amazing!
Best coffee in DUMBO pastries are also good.
2 for 1 donuts with your coffee. Oh well
The sound of the beans in the roaster is strangely mesmerizing.
Best coffee in New York.
Maple Shay Shay espresso, and then your life is changed forever
They have one of those buy 9 and get your 10th cup free cards.
Oil your fingers beforehand so the iPad sig machine smells like banana boat for the next person.
If you can guess which barista's name is Bethesda, you win a free iced coffee.
Rwanda. That is all.
Box of brew $15 for 12 , 8 oz cups
A welcome addition to Jay Street in the summer of 2011, these guys are our go-to coffee in the morning, afternoon, and night. Stop in, grab a cup, and even snag a seat if one is available.
Take an Instagram and win a free pizza.
Get the maple shay shay it is luscious
Grab a Dough doughnut
Smile and thank the needlessly surly baristas
My god, the donuts are worth the hour on the treadmill to burn them off. Coffee is pretty great too.
Pretty ok place. But fairly expensive. Again being in battery park prices are understandable. Just wish the quality was a bit better.
Definitely change prices every time I come in...but it is an easy go to.
a lot of the hotels around here don't allow delivery guys on the elevator.  great pizza, little misunderstanding.  enjoyed it a lot.
Good pizza. Decent price for the size of slice.  Staff wasn't every friendly. Bathrooms small and it's hot!!!!
Me:"Do you have any specials?" Cook:"No, but the cheese is 2.78 a slice....."
Stop complaining than Cordatos (atleast MP has an a) and if you order on Seamless it's always the same price.
The pizza is okay yes expensive has hell and every time you go in they charge you something different. Only place decent near my apartment unfortunately.
Place has nasty pizza. And over charges ppl because it's next to the world trade center memorial. Crappy biz I think
They charged me $5.50 for a slice, never going there again. Terrible business
Try the spinach pizza with fresh mozzarella!  Amazing!
I agree with summitt!  The family-run atmosphere is great. Its like where everyone knows your name!
Very nice Tunisian family owns this Subway place. Very warm, and always cordial. Makes a generic subway place above average.
This is the one with the friendly guy w/the Mario mustache.
Falafel platter is great, very filling and vegetarian too!
The eggplant is really unbelievably good
Use the left-most cart, the one closest to Cedar. It's by far the best!
$1 stuffed grape leaves = nice taste :-)
Have not had Sam's yet, but this falafel platter is great. Will feed two for $6...fried pita chip and roasted eggplant are very nice touches.
get the $5 platter. it's better than Sam's.
get a $3.00 filled with hummus, eggplant and tahini and relish in awesomeness!
Take home a Thai-style chicken marinated in fish sauce, palm sugar, lemongrass and garlic. It's smoked first, then finished to a satisfying char on the grill:
One of the best spots in the east village - for dine in, takeout, or delivery.
Never got my food, waited for almost 40 minutes watching owner be a total douche to his employees. In the end kind of glad I passed as the dirty environment was starting to give me the creeps.
Order during day as they are  slow as molasses after work.
New East Village spot. The charcoal-grilled Vietnamese-style roast chicken is a signature, and we're also fans of the pan-fried radish cake with sweet soy.
Damn good chicken, but I'd say the sweet and spicy Vietnamese flavor is far superior to the Thai flavor.
Why not indulge in a little something sweet? after hitting up the Coach Store!
Hands down best egg sandwich in Manhattan and they are open 24/7
Fantastic egg sandwich. They only have turkey bacon but its really good turkey bacon
Don't waste your time here...halal cart way better by the S.I. Ferry
I've had better street lamb, but also had much worse. Par for the course.
Best Lobster Rolls Ever!
This Starbucks has a clover press. Most don't. The clover press makes a better cup of coffee.
The line in the am pre 9 am is a joke. 15+ minutes.
Get your coffee made in the clover press
Great looking set up! Some of the employee's seem like they still need some more shakedown time.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qu5IamGHIo&feature=youtube_gdata_player
cant wait for christmas time when they sell those good candy canes
new delhi on clinton at 202 clinton street is very good also, same sandwhich prices,  nice space
it supyria
its supyria
Double bacon cheeseburger with onions and ketchup.   Mmmmm
alien abduction november 30, 1989 on cherry st a few blocks from here. janet napolitano was abducted by aliens two blocks south of the pafthmark.
Any word on the delish level of the new salmon cream cheese?
Be ready for the project bums & neighborhood alkis that cut you in line as if they've got somewhere important to go.
Needs to be open past 1am when I need beer!
It's OK.  When I'm 2 lazy 2 walk 2. & spend more @ Cozy, I settle 4 Superior.
Buffalo Chicken pizza is delicious!
Don't get tricked by the big lunch special sign they put outside on Thursdays and Fridays. Lunch special deals are only good on Mondays thru Wednesdays.
Awesome HuGe slices of pizza! Mmm
Decent breakfast buffet, compared to some Marriott's
Great snack
Eat at bar and wine measures are"generous"
Restaurant on 3rd floor hilton millenium.  Grab and go breakfast for $9-$12 great deal
American brasserie w/ an eclectic menu featuring seafood. Try the micro-brewed beers! You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Come hungry! The all you can eat sushi for $26.95 or all you can eat sushi and sake for $33.95 are great deals.
Got the two roll dinner and drink special... My glass of wine was probably more like three glasses of wine! Can't go wrong with that that for $13!!
Huge portions on the combo meals for cheap. Try the Teriyaki chicken lunch special for just 7 dollars.
Wait in line. Age.
line is too damn long
Come right before classes let out! NO LINE!
Americans consume an average 9 lbs of coffee each year. The average person in Finland consumes 27 lbs.
Approach the ladies who packed their lunch to Starbucks.  Chances are they had no lunch plans with anyone so a better chance they are single.
Great study spot, if you can find a place to sit.
Order a pumpkin chai tea with soy milk- you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Use campus cash or dining dollars here. And don't worry, the line moves quickly.
Regular Chai teas are not that impressive but the pumpkin spice chai is. :)
Slowest service ever. Avoid if at all possible.
And avoid eye contact with the barista who kind of looks like a fish/lizard. I have never NOT seen him being verbally abusive to a customer.
Longass lines so get here at least 10 minutes before class. It is NOT your last minute grab and go coffee place, but it IS the only useful place for dining dollars.
If you're not here to use a meal plan, leave!
Avoid when school's back in session!
Terrible service here, constantly error my drink wrong
Long lines :/ maybe not worth it
Parada obrigatória pós almoço.
Couldn't leave a tip after the cashier was Rude to every person in line.
ngoopi baReng witH . . ..
Nothing it's Starbucks (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They do Frappaccino Happy Hour here! But if you aren't an NYU student, would be better going to the B'way one to avoid the line anyway.
For the green and gold cardholders you should know you don't get the discount here
The lines are long but they move really quick. Plus the baristas are really nice - be nice to them and theyll be nice to you. Sometimes they'll let you cut the line or even get free drinks.
Wifi is only for NYU students.
If Melissa is making the drinks, ask for the Melissa Chai. So good!!!
Lines are ALWAYS reaching the back door!!! Thank GOD I get to campus 30 minutes early, so don't have a problem with waiting...
Wifi wasnt working today.
Expensive coffee with long long make this place the state of the art coffee shop. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This is the slowest Starbucks on the planet!!! There's 50 people behind the counter moving slow as a turtle...
Try to chat up as many college girls till you place your order with walking barista and you might be awarded with " hustler " on your cup....
Have some coffee shop etiquette: One drink=One hour!
I hope you're not in a hurry, because this Starbucks is super slow
If Davis isn't present, then you may actually get some work done.
Where everybody knows your name
Try the Crêpe Henri - Choix De 3 - I added smoke salmon and selected grilled onion and sauté mushroom. Yum! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Crepes Creme De Marrons (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Crepe Complete (via @Foodspotting)
The café au lait..... Olé!
Delicious food for a great value! The galettes are my favorite!
If you're looking for the platonic ideal of les ouefs benedict, they are here, waiting for you.
Crepes are good! And try Citron Chaud - the best drink for running nose.
Amazing onion soup!
My go-to place for crepes downtown!!
Everything is good. Omelettes are amazing. Turkey club. Crepes. Large au lait comes in a bowl.
Right after I checked in saying I wished I had dry cider with my crepe, I checked the menu and they have it! Score!
Favorite Croque Madame in The Village
I'm not even exaggerating when I say the best sandwich hands down. Tomato mozzarella.
Yammmmmiii
Love everything here but my favorite is the sugar and lemon crepe
Try the spicy mustard with a savory crepe.
You can't go wrong here, but try the crepes - it's their specialty.
Great crepes. Wish there was wifi.
My staples- ham cheese egg crepe and a cappucino
perfect lemon tart
If you're looking for a hidden Parisian-style coffee shop/resto in NYC, Café Henri's the place.
have been to the LIC location- this one's smaller but very cozy!
Try the Mapo Tofu Ramen -  (via @Foodspotting)
You will love An-nin-tofu "Almond Tofu . It's nice to have after rich taste ramen!
New, bigger space. The food is still good, but I liked the vibe of the old "hole in the wall spot" with only counter seating.
Affordable tasty ramen as all ramen should be.
Come for the ramen, come back for the fried rice
Try the Miso Ramen - Ramen in soy bean based soup with cooked chicken, bean sprouts, cabbage, onion, crispy garlic and scallion. +soft boiled egg and corn. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pork Fried Rice - Excellent (via @Foodspotting)
Giving out free miso soup during the blackout.
Veggie miso ramen with spicy sauce and soft boiled egg can't be beat.
Mabo tofu ramen w/extra spicy makes my heart happy
Cash only FYI.
one of the best mabo tofu ramen. ask for extra noodles for minimal charge.
Great pork buns. Get the mabo tofu ramen: minced pork, tofu, scallions = amazing.
Nom nom nom. Check out their specials!
The new location (2 doors down from the old one) is bigger and brighter with the same great food and pricing. Remember CASH ONLY!
Summer cold noodle special is great.  New larger location means getting seated faster too.
<10$ The shio ramen is the reason to come: Salty, smoky, warm, and filling, it's a restorative meal. $8.50.
Rai Rai Ken offers NYers a chance to taste authentic ramen at an afforadable price. And since their new expansion, there's now room to bring friends!
Outstanding gyoza. Definitely recommend the Shoyu ramen.
Sad. After the move this place just isn't the same anymore! Different staff and I suspect, owner. Different vibe too :(
No alcoholic beverages served :(
Took my order and brought my food out in less than ten minutes! Not the best ramen I've ever had, but pretty solid.
Miso Ramen is where it's at when you're feeling a cold/flu coming on (only $10)--bigger location (2 doors down from original location) now offers seating for 24ppl :)
Must try the Japanese style bathroom in the new location, just 2 doors down!
So long Rai Rai Ken. I'm going to miss what you were.
Moved to 218 East 10th Street. Two doors down.
Small place that serves big taste in ramen.  Good shite for a cold night.  Aye.
When you got to have that soup and hold your posture
Freezing cold chicken in my soup.
Piss poor. Eat elsewhere.
Great space for a quite afternoon lunch.
$3 sushi rolls, beer & saki at Happy Hour. Between 4-7 is a great deal but the sushi is not as amazing as Mottsu. Plan to go after 7pm to try the regularly priced rolls to see if there's a difference.
During happy hour you can't take any sushi home, be sure to order what you can eat.
4-7pm Happy Hour - buy 2, get 1 free beer, wine, and sake PLUS $3 sushi rolls!
Go between 4pm and 7pm on weekdays for happy hour discounts. $3 rolls and appetizers!
Spicy king crab roll and rock shrimp avocAdo roll are great
happy hour from 4-6pm -- $3 rolls!
Amazing happy hour, $3 sushi rolls, wine, beer, and sake
Get the $3 happy hour deal before 7pm.
Do not touch the avocado peanut roll!
Two words: Lion's Head.
Try their online ordering system for pickup or delivery. Miso soup is perfect for a rainy day.
Dine in between 4 and 6 pm and everything is $3! Rolls, apps, drinks; everything!
Awesome Italian Ice!
The $3 breakfast special is awesome! Throw some egg white & spinach onto flat bread and it's not quite so bad for you.
Probably one of the best Subways in the city the sandwich artist are always friendly... Also show them your receipt on Fridays to get a free bag of chips!
I always get oil put on the meat prior to toasting. The artist recommended onions as well. Turned out to be a good choice.
They have a TV with The New York Times, Foursquare, and other random shit on it. Not bad.
Order your sandwich toppers one at a time, or else the service here will get stingy with your fixins
This is the only Subway I know that has spinach.  Also, they offer student discounts.
Don't expect quality, its subway for christ's sake!
Union Square's cleanest bathroom...customer's only.
A+ Coffee and A+ staff! Try anything-it's made with love.
Wonderful people here! So dedicated and friendly!  Delicious Americano - try it!
One of the few places that doesn't gouge you for ordering a salad with enough ingredients to actually fill you up. Omelets and egg sandwiches are good too, and no up charge for egg whites/turkey
The crossiant was old. No tea selection. Only Lipton.
Don't get the hot chocolate.
The Vanilla Lattes are great and they always have a good soup selection :)
Everything here is great and the owner is a sweetheart...or perhaps just a ladies man. Lol
Eggplant wrap (#10) is amazing...and only $6
Apparently ordering decaf means you want caffeine
Check your bill. Just got overcharged - just by a dollar though.
Be nice to Susan!
Veggie burger is pretty damn good.
Delicious basic burgers
The cottage cheese with walnuts and raisins is shockingly good.
Xoom's seasonal smoothie, Either/Orchard, was named after Elliott Smith's third album, Either/Or.
Get a Xoom card and punch it every time you go, buy 9 smoothies get the next FREE!
Love them! Check out their Valentines Day smoothies!
Jennifer (the owner) is wonderful. Say hello and follow them on twitter. Oh and get the peanut butter smoothie mmmm
Slowest service ever
This is an official Nickelodeon Parents' Picks Award Nominee!Powered by ParentsConnect.com
obsessed w/ the protein titan & it's purple!
The Lemonberry summer smoothie is the bomb
Peking duck is excellent and the presentation is beautiful. I highly recommend this!
roasted meats were dry. stick to the duck and the main dishes. steak was good.
Found a fresh fly in my noodle soup one time. =[
The T-Bone is the go-to-dish.
Seasonal promotion! $15 for two stir fried lobster!
Half soy sauce chicken $9
I think this place is under new owners. Ok to skip.
Huge portions! Order to share ;) and the beef pan fried noodles are amaaazzinngg!
If you like congee, their preserved egg and pork congee is one of the best in Chinatown!
Quality peking duck
White meat chicken over rice ("bot yoke gai fon") is amazing!
$4 gets you the best roast pork over rice this side of the Bowery.
One of the best ice cream places in NYC. Black sesame, cherry pistachio , to name a few & always made in house!
Zen Butter (roasted sesame and peanut butter) ice cream is insanely good
Omg- black sesame and lychee. The red bean doesn't really taste like red bean but still amazing.
Check in this weekend and get a free CICF Tote with a Purchase of a T shirt
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Get the lychee and black sesame. Sooo good!
I always get the Lychee sorbet here. The bits of lychee make it da bomb! ;9
Almond cookie ice cream with mochi topping.. So good!
Almond cookie all the way!
Great exotic ice cream flavors! Don't bother with the usual flavors, get the mango, coconut or lychee!
Red bean ice cream can't be beat!
Cash only. Try green tea + lychee!
Get the Almond Cookie cone
Almond flavor, black sesame top knotch!
ginger ice cream is amazing!
Check out our feature of The Original Chinatown Ice Cream Factory!
Tight space. Watch out for impatient patrons!
lychee ice cream!!
lytchee ice cream!!!
YUMMY !!! :))))
Muito bom, mesmo no frio!
Try the Sea Salt Caramel Ice Cream - Now this was really good... (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Linsanity topping while you still can. Blue and orange sprinkles with mochi. Goes great with the lychee ice cream.
Best place for ice cream after Dim Sum.
The almond cookie flavor together with the green tea created something indescribable. Absolutely wonderful.
Black Sesame. FOR REAL.
Try the Almond cookie ice cream (via @Foodspotting)
Black sesame ftw
Stay Authentic! The Black Sesame and Red Bean ice flavors will blow you away. Knicks fan? Add Jeremy Lin sprinkles. Read more at: http://bit.ly/UntappedCICF
Get samples of the red bean and black sesame just to get a taste of it. Lychee, almond cookie and green tea were all phenomenal!
Waiters speak English since ppl who eat here aren't all Chinese. You'll get a tasty bowl of noodles & soup at a good price. I like the sweet&sour pork chops and Shanghai noodles.
Dunno why the staff always look and act so rude.
Really bad place, I thin they misunderstood fried noodle and raw noodles...
Rice with Sliced Beef & Broccoli is yummy!!
Seems like a tourist trap
Not the same one anymore. They spoke english to me so u know its a bad sign
The food is pretty good, the waitress was really nice but there's a change in the menu, they don't have certain type of noodles and it says they have it on the menu, wasn't happy when I found out.
Friendly hostess but the food was not good. Bad soup, bad dumplings, bad lo mien...bad condiments!! Ugh.
15 years in the city and it was out worst Chinatown meal ever. Should have waited for Green Bo.
This place is called Wonton Noodle Garden. Same location as the old Wonton Garden. Different owners. The previous Wonton Garden people move a block away, to Mulberry St, to HK Wonton Garden.
Walk one more block for Noodle Village. This place is disgusting.
menu isnt the same at all. recent renovations are very nice, but the food has changed. very upsetting. does anyone know of it's new owners?
Tons of authentic Hong Kong noodle dishes, from dried noodles to soup noodles. Feels like I'm in HK again!
Now known as Wonton Noodle Garden, it's expanded slightly after renovations.
Great pour overs. I prefer the fruitier varieties, like the El Salvador.
Excellent coffee; I had a soy mocha. On the pricy side, but they drink rely deliver in quality. No wifi which at first was a letdown, but I was nice to not have the distraction of work.
The almond croissant is one of the best I've ever had.
Ice coffee is v bitter. Ice latte is smooth and tasty
Small place but they move through the line quickly, and they have a buy-10-get-1-free card. Coffee is great but i love Iced skim mocha.
The skim iced mocha is a masterful combination of espresso and dark chocolate.. refreshing, not overbearing.
The Lenana pour over is worth the 5 flavor-note blooming minutes... :)
If you're a regular download the Pay With Square app & you'll just need to say your name at the counter to pay
wish they would just show the total price of iced coffee rather than making me know I'm paying $0.50 extra for the ice
Smooth, delicious iced coffee. A large is actually large and very competitively priced for the 'hood.
Fantastic Cold Brew, bonus points that they accept Square
Solid espresso
Try an Undertow: A little simple syrup, cold milk and a shot of espresso.
Solid, not super-sweet iced mocha for hot days!
What is this?? Glasses of water FOR ANTS!!!!
Try an almond croissant, is amazing!
Great space, great coffee.  Get a pour over and take a stroll around the village.
You can buy your coffee just by saying your name at Prodigy if you have the Pay with Square app.
Nice room... Great coffee.. Not a big selection of carbs
Heard the cortado is good. Confirmed.
The iced coffee is perfection.
Get a cortado it's really amazing.
Our best coffee experience in NY! And very nice people, and with all the technology you can have in such a place. You can pay with Square.
The cappuccino is actually very very good!!
These people, they know how to make very good coffee. Excellent.
Almond Croissant is out of this world.
Solid new spot in Greenwich Village. The line tends to get a bit crowded in the mornings, but the staff is friendly, very attentive, and the latte is solid.
Super solid new coffee spot serving cortados, too. Best joe near the new @weworklabs Varick location. Cardcase works here, but they use the old paper loyalty card. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
So cute and peaceful.  A hidden west village gem
carrot loaf! Amazing!
Very fresh fish and very big rolls. Be careful, it's very easy to over order.
Ask them to wrap your roll in soy paper instead of nori. It adds a totally different flavor profile that's just slightly sweet.
Try the Beet Ravioli (via @Foodspotting)
Worst sushi ever. Don't waste your money!!!
Surprisingly good sushi and (at least at lunch time) great prices and portions as well. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
good shumai..twin tuna roll
The Yama Sushi Zen special is incredible. So much sushi!
Casual, fresh and large portioned. Usually a line but worth the wait. Nothing fancy here, just consistently great sushi.
Great lunch sushi, Zen and great place for table cloth drawing.
The sushi at Yama is incredibly fresh! Our favorites are the Beef Aspara-Maki for an appetizer, and then the No.5. Fresh Salmon, Scallion And Spicy Mayo.
Their sushi / sashimi is probably the most fresh and best that I've ever had. It simply melts in your mouth
Super fresh fish, inventive/creative rolls and wallet friendly prices continue to inspire us to return here time and time again. Try it out - you'll be hooked (no pun intended)!
Very affordable lunch box with a lot of food!
Get the Very Special Lunch Box. It's a ton of food.
Special #5 and King Crab Roll. Spicy Mayo on the side. Sushi heaven.
Best sushi in NYC.  If you go for lunch, try one of the two bento box lunch specials -- lots of variety and they're reasonably priced.  (The prix fixe bento box costs about as much as lunch at Chipotl
This is my favorite (reasonable) sushi place in NYC. The pieces are huge and super fresh. Go fish all the way. No California rolls.
Try the caipirinha with acai!
Guava caprihana is delicious
Guava caipirinha, yo!
The chicken stroganoff is the best! O strogonoff de frango é o melhor!
$5 non-watered down caipirinhas using fresh tropical fruit juices for lunch/happy hour. Can't go wrong.  $2 upcharge to use Leblon. Most lunch offerings are also under $10!
Brazilian food with a good price during lunch. Rice and beans always!
Great food, but wine selection leaves much to be desired. Someone needs to bring the wines up to the quality of the food. Stick with the caipirinhas.
Very good brazilian food at a reasonable price and very attentive service.
brazilian food, yum.
Strawberry Cachaça simply the best
Amazing food. Try the croquettes to start, and Bacalhau for an entree. Of course don't skip out on the (guava) flavored caipirinha
Best caipirinha in town!!! (classic best)
Everything here is great!! Can't complain ;)
If you are vegetarian, get the vegetarian strogonoff, AWESOME!!!
Get the cheese roll "pao de queijo, YOU WON'T regret!!!
Shell steak is awesome, chicken stew looked good, chicken soup is outstanding according to Kevin.
Happy Hour drinks until 7pm. Get the Caipirinha.
Definitely try the Picanha Tim! Delicia!
Come here to have a brazilian experience. Try the tuna salad, Muqueca and on the weekend get the Feijoada! Don't forget your caipirinhas...
Their steak is amazing, as are their drinks. You can't beat their lunch prices.
Brunch is the bestest
Demand piri-piri but settle for malagueta pepper sauce with the moqueca... Otherwise it's a bit bland.
Tried to make a reservation even if the management says you don't have to..
Good old #6.  Never fails me.
The lunch menu is reasonably priced for the area ($10) & the atmosphere is very welcoming. The staff is aloof & the food is average but it is worth a try.
Cutey hidden patio!
The short ribs are fantastic. Be sure to be seated on the back patio when the weather is nice! Save 30% off your entire bill by booking here: http://bit.ly/cOj7Di
Actually I lied. The bobo was great!! Damn foursquare for not letting me delete or edit
The salgadihnos are delicious. The Bobo de camarao was so so bit I enjoyed my experience
Double tipping on foursquare won't help your waiter.
Outstanding service! We had the bone marrow, brussel sprouts, and pork belly - all of which were impressive. Our waiter was very helpful with wine recommendations.
After 10p all sparkling wine is 1/2 off. #champagnecampaign
Ask us about Repeal day and get a free cocktail. B/C you should drink b/c we have the right to drink!
tequila and apple cider cocktail. fantastic. who knew?
free sparkling on first check-in, so why not at least go once?
Two best appetizers are the Fried Pig Ears and the Brussel Sproats with your favorite wine
Amazing place! Great selection, service and ambience. B/C of what they did for  us when our 1st champagne selection wasn't avail, they have a customer for life.  So gracious and generous.
Great wine bar off the avenue. Great staff and very reasonable!
This place is AMAZING. The food is absolutely delicious, everything...
Don't ignore the nuts. They have an amazing roasted almonds+cashews that perfectly pair with whatever you're drinking. They're a delicious harmony of spicy, sweet & salty. #getyourmindoutofthegutter
Grub Street off-menu dish: Corn Beignets. "Not only are these fritters--choux pastry beignets, mixed with cornmeal and fresh kernels--unlisted, they aren't even available until 10 p.m."
#ChampagneCampaign - 1/2 prrice bottles of champers every day after 10 PM. Excellent somms & BTG list.
their staff is super knowledgable and friendly. Ask to taste any wine before you commit.
Clam bake is awesome for a big group. You get platters of more whole lobsters than you can eat
Champagne Campaign happens every night starting at 10pm! Every bottle of Champagne = 50% off. Come ring the bell!
Delicious! Sauvignon Blanc. Brussel Sprouts, potatas bravas, steak tartar and scallops!!!
Come here for the Champagne Campaign. Every night from 10 p.m. until closing, all 16 bottles of Champagne on the list are available at 50 percent off the regular price.
After 10pm: CHAMPAGNE CAMPAIGN - 1/2 off all champagne bottles.
Can't go wrong with anything but my fave has to be the Spanish rose. As for food, the short rib was amazing! Oh and the service is flawless.
Burata Amazing! True foodie joint.  Enjoy!
At this tiny wine bar that focuses on pairing, try our favorite match: bucatini with Brussels sprouts and chile oil, and a glass of Trimbach Riesling Reserve.
Try the blind wine flight tasting!
Def one of my favorite places in the city. Phenomenal wines and amazing food in a classy sophisticated environment. Love love love this place!
The wine education classes are comprehensive+informative, whether you're a beginner or expert, something great is offered. Classes are held 3-4 days a week, sign up early because they fill up quick!
Great wine bar located just off Union Square Park. Perfect for a date or to catch up with friends.
Nice wines by the glass, friendly service and yummy eats. Loving the Brussels sprouts with pecorino. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great date spot! Super adorable.
The wine bar portion of the space is open seven nights a week and offers a menu of snacks like chicken liver toast and shishito peppers, salads and sides, and shareable plates including hamachi crudo
A wine bar & classroom run by a really cute Master Sommelier who has selected 35 wines by the glass and 200 in the bottle so you don't have to make sh*t up.
Try the lamb ragout. Tastes just like taco meat!
Get a pretzel.
Seriously some of the best sandwiches you can get anywhere in NYC. They have a rotating lineup of slow-cooked meats, sauces and toppings and none of them have disappointed.
This place preps slow cooked braised beef/brisket or pork shoulder sandwiches. You can't go wrong with either option. I ordered the braised beef/brisket with bacon horseradish and fresh scallions.
Mmm macarons are huge! Worth the money. Obvi not as good as laduree but not bad!
Get the café au lait! No extra charge for soy milk. That's how it should be, ahem Starbucks.
Macaroons! And free small cakes with any coffee order! Hardly ever a long line and just as good as a Starbucks.
Try the hot chocolate. Trust me, it will change your world. It's freshly melted dark chocolate chunks! It's the real deal and it's not super thick. Perfect for any weather :)
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Almond cookie is soooo good.
Raspberry macaroon is the best. Some of the others are misses.
Good French baked goods but too pretentious. Haven't tried the coffee however. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
cheaper than Starbucks
Financier Patisserie supports a local youth empowerment organization by offering a 20% discount to all Opportunity Card (www.opportunitycard.org)  holders, so take advantage!
Order the Le Financier and Mushroom Bisque special for lunch.
Great coffee cups!  Appreciate the tabs.
Nice friendly staff and atmosphere, great prices!
Avoid the espresso and go for the pastries!
Coffee macaroon!!!!!
They have a wall charger in the corner by the window
The coffee is pretty good and was the only quiet shop in all of the Village area during a brutally hot day.
Watch out!! They ask your name! Run....! ;)
Delicious salads, great soup, tempting pastries.
Takes NYU campus cash, never has a long line, better coffee than think and Starbucks, super friendly staff!
Let's call it what it is: A BETTER STARBUCKS.
At 1.40 the chocolate financiers are my favorite morning/afternoon/anytime snack!
You get a little cake with the coffee.
if you order a coffee or tea and are not issued the free madeleine pastry, ask for it. it's a nice treat!
Chouquettes available on Thursdays and Fridays! You can get 3 for under a dollar. So very tasty.
I can't believe they dint have wifi. They are in the middle of nyu campus an no wifi. That's crazy.
Pistachio macarons and coffee are my favorites here!
Try the pistachio or hazelnut macarons and a white hot chocolate-will not disappoint
Try the coconut pecan macarons with coffee or tea
Great coffee!
The spekuloos spread is UNREAL @tarynadler
Sinfully delicious!!!
Omakase in the back with kenneth is amazing!
Everything a sushi restaurant should be.   Excellent spicy tuna and salmon rolls.  Highly recommend.
Try the Saba Gari Roll - Mackerel and pickled ginger (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Yuba Combo Platter (8 pieces sashimi, 8 pieces sushi & 1 roll.) That + the Yuba roll (so unique!) & the "sweet corn tempura" (aka Asian corn fritters) was the perfect amount for 2 people. Yum!
Overall: yum! Get the miso cod as an app to start!
Little germ among st.marks little Tokyo. Not your average Japanese, menu is tailored to higher end / rare fish. More different options than other cheapo /pseudo Japanese.
This place had me at "yuba". I love the menu- unique dishes. Don't forget to order the yuba pouch under appetizers.
The kampachi at Yuba is unusally soft this Friday (7/6) for a fish that is often chewy. This texture brings out delicate buttery flavor.
Sit at the bar and ask Jack to serve you whatever he wants. One of the best sushi dinners I have ever had! Will be back again and again!!
Sushi chef Jack says a new menu items will be introduced for lunch & dinner, soon.
Some of the best Spicy tuna i have had in the Village. Jack knows how to hook it up.
Namesake yuba -- ground, boiled soy beans -- floats in miso soup.
"Sometimes" the sushi chefs at Yuba allow a Sushi lunch substitution for Cali roll. Today's my lucky day :)
Sit at the sushi bar and ask chef Jack for the inside scoop on the day's special fish.
Yuba105 E.9th St (btwn 3rd & 4th Ave), New York, NY 10003(212) 777-8188   @YubaRestaurant
The soup dumplings are yummy.  Fresh sushi. Quite enjoyable.
Winner of Best Use of Uni in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Delcious sea urchin topped rice is the dish to order here.
The yuba pouch with mushrooms is amazing.
The most delicious sushi restaurant in nyc imho.  Come, sit at the bar, and ask for recommendations.
Sit at the bar and chat with George and Jack and the begin the Omakase!  Make sure you try the Uni, Hamachi, Karaage and Yuba Pouch. The food and the value are amazing.
Get the prefix menu. The food is great and filling.
Wow - amazing! We got the omakase 5 course at the sushi counter.  Uni, sweet corn, foie gras & duck bun (unbelievably good), and all of the sushi were superb.
Green tea crepe is not to be missed. By Lady M, only select Japanese restaurants get this green tea version of the cake.
Try the Snapper carpaccio with micro-greens and white truffle and spot it on Foodspotting!
The menu focuses on seafood with high-end touches like caviar and truffles.
Risotto Style Uni Rice is delicious.
Get the chips. Holy crap.
Kansas City Ribs!!
Have a Porch Swing. And share your sides.
To be honest, it's not that great :(
My favorite bbq spot in the city. It is always reliably delicious. Get the fried chicken!
Pedimos un sample ribs para dos personas divino!! Spare ribs, baby back ribs y beef ribs. Estaba increible. Las salsas estaban un poco flojas. Necesitamos de un una verdadera y fuerte BBQ. Recomendado
Disappointing ribs and pulled pork but I'd come back just for the mac & cheese. Also the place was beyond cramped... not the best atmosphere.
delicious ribs - plus the sauces are gluten and dairy free!
This place is alright. I'd say go to Hill Country before any day.
Menu change as of today. No more tuna tacos...just sayin
Fantastic brisket, pulled pork, and ribs... and awesome sides: Mac n cheese, sweet potato fries, beans, etc
Great place to kick back and chow down!! Recommend getting the sampler
Ask for the toffee sauce with fry bread! Also the pulled pork platter will feed a family of four!
Enjoy jazz music at downstairs
Order the fry bread and ask for toffee sauce on the side. Amazing!
Come for weekend brunch and go nuts with the fried chicken & waffles -- slather on some maple butter and hot sauce... it's a real revelation.
Hush puppies here make other food jealous.
BBQ was mediocre and I got food poisoning from the applewood smoked chicken. Avoid!
A place where you can listen to jazz classics while enjoying a BBQ menu
Try the fried chicken - Wonderful, juicy, meaty. Yum. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Heirloom Tomatoes & Mozarella - Superb. Nuff said. (via @Foodspotting)
Pulled pork, shrimp corn dogs, deviled eggs and the burgers. I can't wait to go back to try the ribs.
Macaroni and cheese is to die for..so creamy and cheesy
Ppl please don't come here, and order a lean salad with everything on the side. Its called good BBQ etiquette.
Sure, it's turning into a chain cm. but Danny Meyer is a pioneer when it comes to service-oriented excellence.
Never had Shrimp Corn Dogs before going to Blue Smoke. It's a very soulful and delicious place to it. Love the Blue Smoke Burger! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Barbeque Spare Ribs - Great food (via @Foodspotting)
Fry bread, deviled eggs, Texas ribs, Mac & Cheese. Awesomeness.
Overrated 
Quinoa burgers are AMAZING!
Get the huevos rancheros, they're the best meal, as a Dominican, I've ever gotten!
A Rude waitress almost ruined my friends birthday. Not going back!
$25 bottomless mimosa, bellini, or bloody mary weekend brunch. If you're going to go all you can drink, be nice to your server and they may treat you to a chocolate pretzel shot!
Sunday night,  inexplicably, place becomes a Brazilian forro night with live band and friendly dancers.  Awesome!!
Get the pulled pork tacos and the pickle back shots.
The music was great, i will say I liked this place.  Private room in the back but be careful, it may be a private party
Try the booze.
Try the tacos!   They are fantastic!
Make sure to tip Nicole, Bella, and Melissa well ;o)
Standout dishes include the steak tacos and the chorizo skillet served fajitas style. For cocktails, try the Sinatra Swing served with Bombay Sapphire, St. Germaine, lime, mint and simple syrup.
Best service for a party I've ever had. Drinks and food were always coming.
Really crappy service.
Great back room with a fireplace and cozy vibe.
Limp noodle at the stone fox bar.
Try a Ricky or Michelada to drink. To eat get tacos (steak or crispy fish are my picks)-. 2 is plenty!
Fried chicken tacos are worth the trip here alone
The Ricky (1/2 lager 1/2 frozen margarita) is surprisingly tasty. Solid nachos too!
Mexican with a fun atmosphere, cheap buckets of tacos yumm!
Saturday brunch bartender is hilarious and sassy. Great sangria, cinnamon chips AND they play Milli Vanilli. Winner.
Ricky..ricky..icky..cky..ky!!
Ricki. ... Sounds a little odd. Taste awesome! Try one
Spicy mango margaritas. Yum.
Diablo ricky and crispy fish tacos are good. Try the al pastor next time.
The grilled corn appetizer is AWESOME
Large brunch parties have to order off the prix fixe....unless you ask nicely.
The fried fish taco is amazing! That, and the $5 margaritas..!
They only have one dessert and that DESSERT YOU NEED TO GET. It's bomb. Their sangria is heaven. Their Lucy s a must. Coming here again but for brunch. $25 for unlimited drinks until 4pm.
Rickey. Frozen marg and dos equis. Summer dreams.
Snag a seat by opened doors at the bar and people watch while you sip on a Ricky (beer with frozen margarita) or Luci (sparking wine with frozen margarita).
Cinnamon sugar tortilla chips are amazing!
Pork belly taco with bacon lettuce tomato is phenomenal
See if they'll make you a "Pretty" Ricky.
Riazul tequila is king!
I <3 Luci.
Food minimum is $15 per person. Know this before you enter the devils lair.
Get the fish tacos!
Definately get the rickey
Three words: Pork Belly Taco (sounds dirty? It is! And delicious!)
Start with a Michelada to get things going while you munch on chips and salsa, and pair the Cactus Margaritas with your main to keep the fire going.
The seasonal margarita is currently coconut. It's amazing!
Awesome tacos and sangrias.
F that! Get a lucy!
It's all about the Grilled Mexican Cheddar Corn on the Cob.  YUMM!
Try the Caramel Panna Cotta (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Orange Parfait (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Slow Cooked Chicken Breast (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Super White Tuna (via @Foodspotting)
The butternut squash ravioli...AMAZING!
From the freshest fish to the greenest greens, Chef Alfred Portale knows the importance of quality dining. Get your culinary education from the same place that made him an elite New York City chef.
Best at night. Order Roasted Muscovy Duck! Superb!
Ask for Dan great waiter! And btw the Gotham risotto is delicious.
Secret Menu Item: Classic Chicken - roasted chicken with shoestring potatoes, spinach, and multicolored carrots
Michelin 2012 ★
not for people who are in a hurry. food and wine were excellent. tuna tartare is maybe the best I've had.
Try the Roasted Beet And Goat Cheese Salad - Amazing salad.  (via @Foodspotting)
A New York classic, they serve up some of the freshest, most seasonal New American dishes. I love to invite out-of-towners for a mid-day meal–their $25 prix-fixe weekday lunch is a steal!
Super bitchy server must have been on her period.
Peach Chiboust!
The Sweet chilled pea soup, Pan seared salmon, Grill Hanger Steak, Creme Fraiche Panna Cotta, Chocolate cake are ALL a must get if you want a delicious dining experience in Manhattan.
Get The Tuna Tartare.
While highly rated, waistcoat waiters & modest menu (this place was opened in 1984) seem dated. Generous portions but snooty staff.
The yellowfin tuna tartare is everything.
Since when do you show up at a restaurant of this alleged caliber with a reservation, and they seat you surrounded by empty tables. $130 for a steak. Not so much.
Venerable.
The suckling pig is amazing.
Fantastic - food and service (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Order the skate! Hangar steak is alright..
Gotham Bar & Grill12 E 12th St (btw 5th Ave & University), New York, NY 10003New American Restaurant, American Restaurant
Try the Truffle Crusted Halibut  - I love Halibut and this dish is just one of the best I've ever tasted.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare - This is amazing.  (via @Foodspotting)
The NY Strip
The dishes highlight regional American ingredients, keeping the food fresh and seasonal. We appreciate the high level of food and service quality this restaurant maintains year after year.
Totally American with European sensibility! What is that? Comfortable, old New York ambiance with terrific caring service and fabulous cuisine!
Great falafel
best croissant for me until today
$3/hour for wifi?  Come on.
Love the environment. If only they had more foreign mags...
The chicken wrap is spicy good.
Keegan Bradley joins fellow Major Champions at Irish Open Golf News - The Irish Open will boast three of the four current Major Champions after Keegan Bradley, the reigning US PGA Championship winner
Bradley Associates World Current News: Spanje Heeft NieuweRegering Intenties Vast Te Stellen Economie MADRID – Spaniens neue konservative Regierung gelobt, die Rettung des Landes, aus einer wirtschaft
Great iced coffee, relaxing music in the background and magazines for browsing.
I honestly used to love this place it after too many burnt bagels and rude service I just don't think I can go back.
Bagels (whole wheat everything) and the coffee rock!
Get the mini peanut butter and banana brioche sandwiches. They also have Nutella and jam as options! Perfect way to start a morning
One of the best places for a quick freelance working session. Fast wifi and good skinny lattes.
Hibiscus Apple Cider is wonderful. As is the free wifi and the smell of the food everywhere.
Go for the proscuitto and mozarella panini
Los pasteles muy ricos
Besides coffee, the goat cheese and spinach omelette wrap, grilled chicken wrap, and soups are worth a chance.
Everything bagels are a dream come true here
Good brew and free magazines to read
Cozy, good coffee & pantries. Also sandwiched,soups and hot food. Free wifi, newspapers & magazines to read, news on TV, inet station etc. PERFECT place to work or study!
I really, really love Newsbar, but they desperately need to fix their WiFi situation. Expensive + extremely slow = not okay.
No erotic magazines so bring your own.
The grilled chicken wrap is one of the best I've had. Worth the $8.95 with salad included.
They will make whatever type of bfast sandwich u want, just ask! :)
Bagels are a must get.
beet, goat cheese, arugula and pesto sandwich. duh.
nice respite from the standard 14th st delis for breakfast
Great place to look at every magazine before heading to Rugby to check out their windows!
Good location to use internet...
Skip the iced tea!
Soy chai latte, shot of espresso
This place got weird in the past few years.
best croissant for me until today
$3/hour for wifi?  Come on.
Love the environment. If only they had more foreign mags...
The chicken wrap is spicy good.
Keegan Bradley joins fellow Major Champions at Irish Open Golf News - The Irish Open will boast three of the four current Major Champions after Keegan Bradley, the reigning US PGA Championship winner
Bradley Associates World Current News: Spanje Heeft NieuweRegering Intenties Vast Te Stellen Economie MADRID – Spaniens neue konservative Regierung gelobt, die Rettung des Landes, aus einer wirtschaft
Great iced coffee, relaxing music in the background and magazines for browsing.
I honestly used to love this place it after too many burnt bagels and rude service I just don't think I can go back.
Bagels (whole wheat everything) and the coffee rock!
Get the mini peanut butter and banana brioche sandwiches. They also have Nutella and jam as options! Perfect way to start a morning
One of the best places for a quick freelance working session. Fast wifi and good skinny lattes.
Hibiscus Apple Cider is wonderful. As is the free wifi and the smell of the food everywhere.
Go for the proscuitto and mozarella panini
Los pasteles muy ricos
Besides coffee, the goat cheese and spinach omelette wrap, grilled chicken wrap, and soups are worth a chance.
Everything bagels are a dream come true here
Good brew and free magazines to read
Cozy, good coffee & pantries. Also sandwiched,soups and hot food. Free wifi, newspapers & magazines to read, news on TV, inet station etc. PERFECT place to work or study!
I really, really love Newsbar, but they desperately need to fix their WiFi situation. Expensive + extremely slow = not okay.
No erotic magazines so bring your own.
The grilled chicken wrap is one of the best I've had. Worth the $8.95 with salad included.
They will make whatever type of bfast sandwich u want, just ask! :)
Bagels are a must get.
beet, goat cheese, arugula and pesto sandwich. duh.
nice respite from the standard 14th st delis for breakfast
Great place to look at every magazine before heading to Rugby to check out their windows!
Good location to use internet...
Skip the iced tea!
Soy chai latte, shot of espresso
This place got weird in the past few years.
Great coffee, rack full of magazines... From Lycky to Time, wi-fi and a printer!
Dark choco chips are too big and not as tasty as Red Mango's Ghirardelli chips.  I wish the limited number of toppings were at least more novel or organic.
top with coconut and blueberries. crazy delicious.
Better than Pinkberry. Get a tart with strawberries (they slice em).
Friendliest guy! Delicious yogo.
2 flavors perfect taste
Tart froyo with strawberries and almonds ftw!
Vanilla + blueberries + raspberries = heaven.
Tasted more like ice cream than yogurt.. But not too sweet :)
Tart with honey and granola. Amazing.
I check-in to food trucks but often do not get it added to my points b/c it throws up a false location
Tart fro-yo tastes like Greek yogurt - yum! A little pricey at $6 for a regular w 1-topping but a healthy afternoon treat
Cool place to sit down and have a good asian meal. Pricey but the serving size is fair and the food is tasty.
Decent food, rude staff (esp. The guy at the grill)
Off my list for good. Whole ordering/cooking/paying process is now like a Vietnam-era emergency airlift. Counter guys are literally screaming at people to order, only to fuck it up anyway. Utter hell.
Food is good but over priced. The head cook/manager/whatever is a real piece of work.
Yummy veggie burger a part of the "burger special" menu for ~$6.50.
If you work at a neighborhood business you receive 10% off!
Great chicken fajita panini!!
Really good fresh fruit smoothies. Cheap and good breakfast and good lunch sandwiches. Overall a really good place!
Eh salad veggies ok but not tasty smoothie so so -- it was quick and here -- ok in a pinch
The Chicken Burger is Delicious!
slow, nut the sausage egg and cheese is delish
The sunset turkey panini is amazing!
This place is just nasty. The food always takes long to prepare and I know too many people who have gotten sick including myself. Don't eat here!
Get the Cheeseburger Special. Comes with fries & canned soda pop for $5!! Woyyy!
Garlic knots!
Hold on to your napkins! With a super strong vent directly over practically every table, paper products have a habit of blowing away.
Fountain sodas taste better when they're free.
Super uncomfortable chairs.
Yummy salad!
best salad bar
Great chicken parm
Best salad bar around
Try the pepperoni rolls only $1.50... Make sure you ask for the sauce...
Salad line is usually busiest around the 1 pm to 1:30 period
If you order two plain slices, you get a free fountain drink.
Good, inexpensive salads. Yum!
Chicken parm hero. Do it. :D
Alice's Teacup answered our prayers and brought scones, tea, and fairytales downtown.
Fun fact:: Eater.com was created at the corner booth just to the right of the rear staircase.
Worst Old Fashioned ever
The bohemian is maybe the best cocktail I've tried in manhattan sofar. (And have tried a loot) Go for it!
If you're feeling really adventurous, the Gogol is very different: horseradish vodka and a pickled quail egg.
I would hang on a cross for the spinach & gruyere w dried beef and truffle oil pizza... It's that fucking good.
Coconut martini is amazing! Topped with fresh coconut shavings and not too sweet
Head upstairs to the mini bar near the bathrooms.  More intimate and fun.  Same good drinks.
Nice crowd and good music. Wish the service was a little bit faster but I could say that about soooo many places in NY :)
75 different types of vodka!
Get the mushroom and arugula pizza to share over cocktails.
Fig vodka. Rocks. Splash of water. You'll thank me later.
I feel like I'm in a James Bond movie whenever come here. With soundtrack. New goal with my friend is to try every drink in the menu. Had the caviar martini. Fig-infused is next.
I'm not one to ever order something pink in a martini glass but these cocktails pleasantly surprised me. The leninade is tangy and refreshing, while the spiced cranberry had a yummy hint of licorice.
Bohemian: reeeally good
Try one of the vodka racks - six shots from all over the world! Or six shots of Pravda's own infusions.
Horseradish vodka.. Smooth finish.
Happy hour:  two amazing cocktails for $13. Plus homemade chips (and, if you order a Gogol, a pickled quail egg). Best deal on earth
“No Happy Hour, but if you go before 7pm & buy your friend a drink, the bar will buy you one in return. Share the potato pancakes while you’re at it!” More at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/pravda.
Check out the upstairs bar on fri and sat, less crowded and cool vibes
Get the leninade... Its amazing
Welcome to the land of vodka, um the mini one :)
The Spiced Apple is quality.
Be brave. Go for the Gogol. And do it during happy hour when everything is two for one.
White Russian ........ Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!
Ask for a sampler, called "Zakuski" - it's a 3-type appetizer set, a perfect light and diverse combo for a couple.
Intimate Communist decor and the best martinis in the city. Excellent Russian Food too.
Yum yum yum. I always come for drinks but did not realize what a yummy menu they have. The appetizer platter is Delilsh and the pizza with cheese and truffle oil was absolutely heavenly.
my favorite russian bar in the city...always a fun crowd. they make great vodka fusion cocktails.
I'm not a fan of vodka but this place has me maybe thinking about getting around to changing my mind. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The bartender isn't mean, he's just Russian. Best Bloody Mary I've ever had in my life.
Order a side of salsa and gauc
Get the filet mignon taco.
Lunch special is cheap, but the fish always seems super fresh!
Really good food and great lunch specials. Don't except quick service though or free refills on the $3 ice teas. Oh, and watch out for the mean manager.
Try the fried ice cream - so good
Food is pretty good but the service sucks...
Try the beef cilantro.
Tataki Japanese Restaurant got a health rating of A with 7 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/5994
DON'T GO HERE! No water, no thank you's, and unfresh fish.
Get the Green River roll or the 10013, they're fantastic!
Get the Bento Box!!!! Lunch Box!! so much food and soo good!
Decent bento box for $10. Good deal
Good Food! Go for the "Combo D"! Kross+
Pretty bad food, soba tasted like 3 weeks ago and everything else was bad bad bad
Love the lunch bento boxes! Great food, great value!
Very average sushi made with mostly farmed fish and low grade rice- only eat here of you have to.
Unremarkable food and drinks plus inattentive service makes this one to avoid.
Los chiles rellenos y el pollo a la poblana buenisimos!!! Muy rico todo!
Cool space, but a little pricey & didn't honor our Travelzoo deal
Good Mexican restaurant/bar one block south of Canal Street, hard to beat the taco happy hour and a beer. (via Scoville)
Great happy hour.  Unlimited tacos for $15?  Yes, please.
Out of: lobster, lamb, tamales, and queso at 8 PM... ok... what should I eat??
Don't bother, just changed Bar Artisnal to overpriced Mexican, avoid the Tuna
Save room for the churros.
Had great experience! Lobster tacos & Hangar Steak...yum!
Try the lobster tacos with a margarita to shed some of that NYC stress.
Don't come on a sat night, they will rush you out the door...rudely
nyummyyyyy
Best iced coffee from a cart! They mix the sugar with hot coffee before turning it into a chilled cup of awesome.
You must try the pickles. Amazing.
Asiago Cheese Fries are so yummy!
I love to come here so please do not try to, reservations are hard enough.
The Hideaway185 Duane St (at Greenwich), New York, NY 10013
The absolute best chicken wings. Lots of vinegar and spice. Great blue cheese sauce. Order them now.
Get your ipod Touch here ==> http://myshoppingonline-mbo.blogspot.com/view/snapshot#!/2011/12/ipod-touch-2199.html
If you live in the neighborhood, this should be your regular bar, with great music, tasty drinks and awesome staff.  You should travel here for the Truffle & Asiago Cheese Fries!
Steak sopes and grilled corn. Can't go wrong!
Great grilled cheese. Bartenders awesome.
Big ass cans of Old Bay on every table. So good.
Deviled egg deliciousness
Order the White truffle asiago fries....deeeeelicious
best. grilled cheese. ever.
Get the fries. They are what I imagine crack to be like. Soo delish.
Need to try the Asiago Cheese Fries!
Come on Sundays and Mondays for crab night until Labor Day! Wash it down with the vodka strawberry lemonade.
Burger with Cheddar
beware of the BT douchettes
their pigs in blanket are to die for. and French martinis!!
numpang lewat
Here are Zaro's hourz: http://bit.ly/VMG5F4
Do not drink their iced coffee. It is swill from hell itself.
Eggs were fried to perfection, though service not very friendly. Coffee's good.
$4.10 for a small iced redeye. This coffee better contain magic.
Cobb salad w/ citrus is nice change of pace. Pitas are legit.
Pasta bar is good, $1 off on Wednesday
The guys who make your salad may seem angry, but they are really funny! See you can make them laugh!
The pasta bar has the best Marinara sauce. It was a pleasant surprise!
If you want your order fucked up or just general bad service, there's no place better!
Not sure why this is called corn and tomato soup. It's 95% onions. Plus, everything here tastes like black pepper.
Food is meh but ppl are nice
How do I tell 4sq not to recommend this place to me because it's awful?
They have the best iced coffee
The everything bagels don't come with M&M's. Be warned.
Boston Clam Chowder is good!
Go for the black and white mini cookies.
Great lunch spot! So many yummy options!
Watch out for salads FULL of grit!
On Pita Thursdays, you get a stuffed pita, salad and a drink for about $7.50. Good deal, considering I spent $8 on a stuffed pita alone this afternoon.
On Pita Thursdays, you get a stuffed pita, salad and a drink for about $7.50. Good deal, considering I spent $8 on a stuffed pita alone this afternoon.
On Pita Thursdays you get a stuff
Thursdays are Pita Thursdays. You get a stuff
So so coffee and the oatmeal raisin cookie was a little stale but relatively clean bathrooms are a plus
Tastes like shit...literally
Good salads
Much worse than any of their Grand Central spots.
Limeade is underrated
Get the Baja Chicken Wrap... so yummmy!!!
Someone is smoking pot in the kitchen. At 9 a.m.
They didn't want me organizing breakfasts upstairs, even though it's dead upstairs in the morning. Their coffee is awful anyway.
The spare ribs + rice box is awesome. Sticky rice buns (lor mai gune) are aweseome. Don tats (egg custard tarts) are only 75 cents each. Skip on the drinks, they're diluted.
Try the steamed beef balls w/ coriander in the dimsum section (stainless steel rack w/ glass doors).
the beef meatballs w/coriander hot dimsum are nice. So is the fried fish with lettuce/tomato sandwich
Bunnies are to die for, they have sweet, like coconut creme, as well as some salty specialties
One of the better bakeries in chinatown
lots of good breakfast buns to choose from. had a sugar bun, fresh and yummy! I'd be here every am if I was in the neighborhood
lots of good breakfast buns to choose from. had a sugar bun, fresh and yummy! I'd be here every am if I was in the neighborhood
nice chinese bakery.
Yummy grapefruit honey drink - #11
Kaya bun and taro buns for the win. Amazing.
The bo luo bao (菠萝包 - pineapple bread) at this bakery is the best I've ever had!
There's a cute little restaurant in the back which has small Chinese fast food entrees and another register if you don't wanna wait in the main line in the bakery!
The bakery offers Chinese food at the back. You can order customized steam rice roll there. Yummy!
Their cup cakes are great for kid parties/playdates. Only $0.80-$1.20, but cute and yummilicious. Children love them.
That fried garlic topped ham and egg lunch bread is a must try for experimenters, you might just end up loving it, or just with garlic breath! :)
go to the back of the shop and get the fresh made-to-order rice noodles!  they are $2, you can order them plain,w beef, shrimp, veggie or w parsley.
really good and cheap $1.75 sandwiches. All the cold drinks are under $3 too.
Tip: support the cause. Get some.
Just met owner on street at 1am and he opened up for 10 of us. Much appreciated. Playing out music too.
Into delicious pain? Stuffed Jalapeños FTW. 
Try the Duck - Great flavor (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pblt Sliders - A lot of favors. Sweet BBQ sauce with a hint of spicy. I would get it again. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the empanadas - Duck and ox tail. It was so good with the spicy sauce (via @Foodspotting)
Best sangria ever
Antonio  makes great drinks!
The sliders with the side of yucca fries are awesome. So are oxtail empanadas.
Grapes of wrath and the Pan Am oxtail sliders
The frozen Caipirinha is quite good!
Enjoying an absolutely addictive libation called the Dark n Stormy here at The Pan American. Man, this thing is a force of nature!
The pan-friend chicken with plantain rice is out of this world. The bartender is also ridiculously friendly and helpful!
Quinoa salad, yucca frita, and vegan corn dogs delish!  The drinks are amazing!  Try the Rosey Palmer and the Dark and Stormy!
Rude waiter, decent food
Food is great! Front of house staff needs work - I think they were overwhelmed today and didn't know how to get their food out and keep track of their tables.
Jamie is the BEAST behind the bar!
Come in and redeem the coupon! Half of anytime!! Cute bartender who knows what he's doing. Great service, rather small, but quaint for a couple friends
Try the Homemade Ice Cream - Homemade ice cream (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chocolate torte - Dessert time (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Duck Breast - Final course  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Brussel sprouts - Sixth course. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Vegan Corn Dog - Fifth course (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tacos - Fourth offering (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Poblano Pepper - Third tapa (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Octopus - Second round (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Seviche - First tapas (via @Foodspotting)
Get the caparhina frozen drink. It really matches the decor.
I had the portabello sandwich. The huge oatmeal style bun overpowered the delicate mushroom and veggies. Maybe a flatter, unleavened style artisan bread would have worked better?
Decor looks like a trendy NYC Thai restaurant circa 2006. Creamy tomato soup is solid.
Try the Veggie Taco, Veggie Taquito, Cheese Empanadas - Excellent place, nice drinks. Try the Dark and Stormy, it's really good. #vegetarian (via @Foodspotting)
this is not the place for a slice. however, this is the place for everything else like heros, knots, etc. -- if you want a good slice around here just walk down to village pizza.
The pizza is really dry and for the quality, completely over priced. I'll stick with 2 Bro's...atleast their shitty pizza isn't over priced.
It may be because I'm a reg. but they will make your SLICE to order! Just ask! Sincerely, the deep dish w/ chicken, broccoli, & tomato girl :)
Get the 2 slice special
Garlic knots are to die for!!
Great place for a quick slice - $3.50 for slice and a soda.
watch your back, Jason S
Spectacular spicy tuna roll!
Godzilla roll is really good - its tempura fried with a tangy BBQ on the top. It's different from most rolls but nice to try.
Come here for the food not the atmosphere.  Great sushi rolls. Large portions and good prices for the neighborhood.
Sushi is always on point amazing service at all times
Try the 8 1/2 roll: spicy tuna and tempura banana. I don't do gimmicks but this is kind of magical. Great local spot strikes that elusive balance of quality, value and authenticity. A gem.
Mediocre at best. Extremely poor service. Avoid!
Great service and good food. Try the appetizers.
Generous portions, good food and really nice prices.
Don't eat the oshiburi! It will awaken the evil Oni spirits.
Oh btw this place is enormously attentive to your entrance.  The door jangles when you enter. Be prepared for a "Hi! How are you?" chorus from all the waitresses hehehe
Generous portions of wine in big glasses and the spicy crunchy salmon roll.  Ahh love it
New York City Restaurants are springing for alfresco dining this summer http://exm.nr/KNRb1R
The patio is lovely, the service is not.
If you want something sweet to make your afternoon, the banana and nutella crepe is to die for.
Try the $8 bottle of water :-( - on the upside it has come all the way from Fiji
Amazing paninis and snacks... enjoy your food on the outdoor patio!
Sit at the bar and have a drink!  Test your skill at the complementary pool table in the lobby.
Upstairs bar- less crowded and there are seats!
Rude hostess
Fire the pastry chef! Horrible horrible dessert!
Crowded even on a Monday. Mrc roll, snapper, and white mussels delicious, crab spaghetti ok. Banana split good, three little cakes but vanilla was the best flavor.
Best "bang bang" Shrimp
The food is pretty amazing as well as their cocktails. Neptune drink for the ostentatious win as well as the rice cakes and the snapper. Desserts - save a lot of room.
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Go with friends and order a bunch of plates to share – like the macaroni and crunchy rice cakes –Joey
Sushi'ler mukemmel denenmeli
Crispy Whole Red Snapper for two with Oyster Mushrooms or the Dungeness Crab Tagliatelli. Don't forget to visit the rooftop to dance the carbs away !!
Melhor angú de farinha!!!
catch me if you can        twitter.com/djbfine
Oh my goodness. The chocolate chip cookie bucket.. Fried Oreos nom nom
estou aprendendo como usa o foursquare....
Don't underestimate the overpriced house cocktails...order the Iris or the Neptune and throw down the company card
"It's diverting, though not delicious, and, like the over-all dining experience, feels dated". - Amelia Lester from the Sept. 3, 2012 issue. Read more: http://nyr.kr/NjxyGz
This place is a scam. The people that work here are rude and scumbags. Never come here.
Mediocre, over-priced food. Rude & confused staff. Similar to most restaurants in the Meatpacking District that try way too hard. Don't bother and go down the street to Pastis instead.
Amazing dessert!!!!
Line they say. Very nice but overpriced. Luckily I was there on a quiet night so the math worked out. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One of the best rooftop bars in the city.
Try the scallop dumplings and rock shrimp. Peanut butter lovers-the peanut butter souffle and peanut butter Popsicles are a must-try!!!
Dessertwise, the banana split or the cookie bucket is enough for four people. Seriously.
Grab a seat at a hightop south side of the bar overlooking 9th ave, great view. Service: eh
Double down on the scallop dumplings
Do not miss out on the crunchy rice cakes.
Megan the bartender is amazing. Sit with her!!!
crispy whole red snapper for two, salmon a la plancha, parmesan-truffle fries
Omg the crispy shrimp. That is all.
Unless you're a V I Pee, don't plan on getting into this pretentious wish list in the village. Don't you wish you had a better night here?
The food is so good, you should ball tap the chef on the way out.
$5 footlongs
I love their chocolate peanut butter pie. Not sure I will return to this location because of the way I was served, and the presentation of the pie the last time I purchased a piece.
Currently coveting a Banana Cream Pie! - Alle http://bit.ly/VQNuOk
Pumpkin muffins with cinnamon cream cheese icing. And the carrot cake. Amazing.
Marble cheesecake!
The banana cupcakes are sooo good.  Love the retro throwback feel.
Banana cake, banana pudding, snickerdoodles are yum
Red velvet was good but no iced coffee :( (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The Banana Nutella is a must try!
Sweet tooth cravings in the warmth of Grandma’s kitchen
They sometimes have banana bread with chocolate chips. Get this.
One of the largest bakeries in NYC, so good for meetups! Also, try the Banana Nutella cupcake - its heaven!
Nothing like Chai tea and Carrot cake to get you through the cold while waiting for a rental client. The Carrot cake is Amazing!
Try the Creamsicle cupcakes. The cake was moist and the Creamsicle frosting reminded me of summer which is great on a cold winter day.
Order the banana cupcake!
Caramel pecan cheesecake. Yum.
Skip the cupcakes; the banana layer cake is outstanding.
Ummm red velvet please
They serve Jack's Stir Brew!
Get the famous ice box cake, so delish!
A 1940s-inspired bakery with retro desserts like chocolate sour cream Bundt cakes and red velvet cupcakes.
No such thing as blue cream cheese frosting at Billys. Espresso shots here are actually a double so the small has 2 shots and so does the large.  Just wanted to share. =]
Rachel Zoe must have had one of these banana cupcakes before she coined her signature phrase. Don't forget to take home their new baking mixes—you never know when the cravings will hit.
Can't go wrong w/ Carrot, Red Velvet, Banana or Chocolate...
The lattes are delicious but even the large only has one shot of espresso. Lame!
They cut a mean slice o' carrot cake.
Jack's Coffee
the straight vanilla cake and vanilla icing is delicious
Out of ronnybrook today. Prices increased.
Banana cake is v good here. Can I drive the rickshaw? I'm free on weekends.
Banana cupcakes - better then any Magnolia around
Everyone is over 65
The smoked trout is pretty good!
Come as you wish, order as you are. Call for a dirty martini made with BULLDOG tonight. BULLDOG, meet olive juice.
Outstanding Greek food. The octopus is fantastic.
Oktaposi scharaz...the best in town. They know what they do, do it effortlessly and make a fuss. Perfect place in the hood. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Lamb Youvetzi
The grilled octopus is addictive... nice relaxed atmosphere, like a short Greek vacation.
Amazing grilled octopus. You could really do an array of appetizers for dinner and be poli kalo. Sagapo Periyali.
My favorite neighborhood restaurant, and one of the best Greek places in NYC. Dimitri, the manager, is a hoot.
The mousakas are really good!
you have to get the grilled octopus when you eat here. it is the best in NYC and about the best I've had anywhere in the world
English breakfast is surprisingly good! :-)
Try the Full English Breakfast (via @Foodspotting)
Comfy, intimate, private space for a presentation to a small group
The kefta is so good. The toum is pretty hardcore - best to avoid if you have a post lunch meeting.
I haven't had a whole lot of Lebanese food, but their Makanek Platter with Toum garnish is just absolutely delicious.  It's going on my "go back again" list even if I have garlic breath for a week.
Quality chicken Shawarma and Lahem B'ajeen.
Be careful: they don't have a grill, so breakfast sandwiches are made on one of four electric griddles, which makes the whole process pretty slow.
Muy rica la comida!
Pizza's are good but they don't offer them till after 2. Bread for the panini is addictive. Otherwise pretty pricy.
Eat in! Taking Miro food back to the office spoils the freshly goodness.
Don't forget to ask for bread with your salad.
Pricier version of Cosi. Great bread though
I come here for the flatbread. Best I found in SoHo so far
The guy making sandwiches is a massive tool.
#90, and all the free samples of fresh bread u can stomach
Get the lentil soup. Thank me later!
Expensive but worth it salad
Expensive, but delicious. Bubble tea is reasonably priced and tastes amazing!
Amazing sandwiches! Freshly made bread are to die for. If you go during less busy hrs the bread get cold though (no reheating). If you want salads go down to broadway gourmet.
They have power outlets… disconnected. Bummer.
Just had a terrible experience. $30 for salads + lemonades x 2. Bad service & they want to charge extra for ice!
The fresh-made flatbread makes it almost worth the price! One of the safer lunchtime bets on Broadway.
Had the #12 sand. Really good!
omg, love the pita bread! best sandwiches around town!
Great hot chocolate they use real milk to make it
This place is too expensive for what they offer. Order with caution. But breakfast is good.
better than cosi bread
Try one of the foccacia sandwiches.
great salads and fresh baked bread.
Combo A is good stuff.
服务员超级nice！
Came here from uptown for dumplings and they were closed. Online says they are open until 9:30. So annoying.
They got my order wrong but what they gave me still tasted good.
They take credit cards now! (visa/mc only) combo is 5.95 for lo mein or soup and 5 dumplings or pot stickers. Perfect! Place is a bit disorganized
Cash Only!
Food is decent although not up to the caliber of rickshaw but cheaper and larger servings. But they're  slow & don't take credit cards
Its a long wait if you get the steamed dumplings.  Absolutely not worth it.
Workers are a bit disorganized.
Eat here, rate them on Yelp, print the review and get 5 free pot stickers!
Don't forget the bubble juice next door. Great treat after lunch.
The veggie tempura is delicious. And I don't even like vegetables!
Chicken potstickers & Lo mien.   Yummy in my tummy.
Same Dumplings as the dumplings at the Dumpling cart in front of chase in st marks. Get the pork and chicken pan fried dumplings!
Get an Auchentoshan rocks for a light but flavoursome whisky to go with your hearty meats
Delicious. Get the doughnuts at brunch.
Get free stuff with coupons for your favorite Fast Food Restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
If you overlook the side of Brussels sprouts your missing out
Earthy tasting monkfish w poached egg lentils bok choy
Carrot ginger marshmallow chili soup, house madee BOOZY ICE CREAM, filet
Great seasonal cocktails and they have manhattans on tap...pretty fantastic.
I just had the best burger I've ever eaten. For reals, with a fried egg on top.
Beet salad had way too much salt
Orgasm in a jar? Order the Portobello Mushroom Mousse.. Or 2.
Mushroom pot, Brussels sprouts and the boozy ice-cream!!!
Get the hangar steak, not only is it a deliciously cooked cut, but it comes with a bone marrow bernaise sauce that I keep dreaming about.
For something on the herbaceous side, try the Garden Daiquiri with Denizen rum, benedictine, lime, spring herbs and cucumber
The bathrooms are really confusing when intoxicated. No labels on the doors.
Great service and amazing food. Try to sit downstairs and get the mussels and New York Strip steak.
Girlfriends will try to steal your check in here. Beware! They see your favorite food place shut down due to health food violations and then steal your thunder. Good times.
Because where else can you get a Manhattan made with leather infused bitters?
Mushroom pot is heaven.
Good for drinks & snacks.
Try the razor-clam egg salad. Eaten as is or garnished with an optional hillock of caviar, the sea-inflected egg salad is both primal and luxe:
The food was mediocre at best. Did I mention expensive too?
Bartender is hawt
Over a crisp-on-the-outside, silky-on-the-inside toasted potato-Parmesan cake (standing in for an English muffin), he lays wisps of Mangalitsa ham, a runny egg and citrusy yuzu hollandaise. $13.
Definitely have the Bloody Mary. It's pretty amazing.
Mushroom Pot will change your life. The second you inevitably order will rock your world
Nicest bathrooms in Manhattan
The "Bowery fix" is a boozy canape. Savory and light spice with a smoky salt added to yellow pepper juice.
Mushroom pot and ginger gimlet are a must
A fine, well executed restaurant in a hot spot on the Bowery (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Must try the B L A T for brunch, it is definitely one to top!
http://www.thewaterclub.com/the-crows-nest/
The upstairs food is mediocre, but less expensive than dow stairs. Always a fun time on the roof. All ages, no groucjy hunched over entitles brats. Cigar friendly which is a plus.
Compared to its downstairs "parent restaurant" you will find a smoke friendly rooftop, with rollingstones, led zep, amd the doors playing at levels slightly higher than the downstairs clientelle .
Great view. Over priced average food.
The East River's Frying Pan? Perhaps. Outdoor seating, awesome views, mixed crowd. Make sure to cross on 34th or risk being run over.
you come for the view. you don't come for the service.
Great rooftop bar on the river. Take a cab there or you'll get stuck trying to cross on the pedestrian foot bridges on 25 or 34th
great place for beer
Watch the sunset overlooking the U.N. and the 59th street bridge...
Gourmet food, especially the mac and cheese.
The leprachaun is quite friendly and the chicken cutlet sandwich is bomb. And cheap.
truffle Mac ahhhhhhhhh
Great space, with red leather banquettes & wooden floors but beware the distracting cool-factor.  Try the tuna tartare ($16) or splurge on the classic Dover sole with hollandaise & string beans ($46).
Amazing place and food... Truffle mac and cheese & waverly chicken potpie recommended.
Excellent place for a brunch. The herb omelette with some scones will leave you fulfilled.
Okay, here’s something you have to try…the truffled mac and cheese goes for $125 – but, the chef has been known to come out and shave the truffles table-side. You’ll never taste anything else like it.
love this place...perfect for brunch or a romantic dinner. try the white bellini for brunch!
$65 Mac, delish.
Owned by Graydon Carter, editor at Vanity Fair. Frequented by celebrities often. Nice romantic spot in the west village.
Share the Truffle mac & cheese, Bibb salad & tuna tartar.  Bananas foster is perfect ending.  Amazing!
The place has excellent atmosphere and feels like old NY. Pricey but certain dishes are worth it. Tina Tartare was delish. Truffle Mac and Cheese huge splurge.
One of the best chicken dishes in the city.
Rafael is a greek, waiter and above all a hunk! Ask for his assistance and you will be surprised!
Oysters to start, followed by tuna tartare, then... the steak / salmon/ short ribs. You can't go wrong!
Tuna tartare appetizer is terrific, as are their fresh-baked rolls
grilled octopus, truffled mac n cheese
The Mac and Cheese is a decadent delight at $125 - just go for it. Nice wine selection. Great service. Good food. Amazing location.
Take the truffle mac and cheese (not in the menu...). It's outstanding......
Definitely a few raised eyebrows upon entering for dinner wearing a Scooby Doo costume...
It's warm in here when it's COLD outside. Share a truffle Mac & cheese. $65 bucks of heaven.
Halloween Themed Restaurants: No trick these places are a treat! http://exm.nr/svkCg5
Phenomenal ambiance and food – you might be enjoying dinner next to a celeb or a fashion editor.  We recommend the Braised Rabbit or the Roasted Amish Chicken.
Celebrity hang out. Claims to not have phone# (or at least publish one). Dining room has mural painted by New Yorker artist Edward Sorel. Ghost of Room 16 likes to rearrange room. More info in blog.
Try the mac n cheese
Everything was right until the moment when we asked for a cab. The hostess denied due to the restaurant police! We spent 15 minutes under the rain to get a cab. Never more, Gui.
Amazing mac and cheese.
the truffle mac and cheese is a must
Go straight for the off-the-menu truffle mac and cheese at this cozy West Village restaurant owned by Vanity Fair's Graydon Carter.
Graydon Carter, editor of Vanity Fair, officially opened this exclusive spot. Instead, Carter told friends who told other friends. Try to snag a walk-in table once the “house family” has cleared out.
OMG, I am sitting at a table next to Constance Allegheny! Constance is my accountant.
Over priced over rated Slop house....
great service and old school atmosphere
In a building that dates from 1817, the Ear Inn started serving beer and spirits in the mid-19th century, operating without a name until new owners christened it the Ear Inn in 1977. - From Eater NY
Cosy, bar in the winter time for ale and comfort food.
The B in the neon BAR is partially painted over to read EAR, after the the Ear Magazine that used to be published upstairs
Best try the chicken pot pie
Live jamming was great!
an Old Fashioned pairs quite nicely with a bowl of Cowboy Chili here
The Ear Inn, originally built for the African American Revolutionary War veteran and tobacconist James Brown, is one of the few Federal style buildings remaining in New York.
Menswear designer, Matt Singer, raved about this local spot in his Soho neighborhood as a must-go! Check out exclusive designs by Matt (like a Giraffe Leather Lighter Cover) @ ofakind.com!
The Vinho Verde has a delightful sparkle to it.
one of the oldest, best bars in NYC. supposedly it's called The Ear because the sides of the "B" in their "Bar" sign out front wore out. ask the bartender if it's fact or myth.
Go on Sunday night for live Jazz!
A designated Landmark of the City of New York (from 1817) the Ear Inn has been serving history and home cooking since the turn of the century.
Steeped in history, this is the quintessential New York Neighborhood bar.
More hot sauce.
Check out GhostsofNY
Get the shell steak with mashed and greens! It's cheap and fab!
Watch you'd head when using the wintertime storm door (if 6'+). Ouch!
Built before 1812, it was the house of African-American revolutionary James Brown. The first-floor tavern opened in 1817. It reopened in it's current form in 1977, after a short gap in operation.
Oldest Bar in NYC
Crab and shrimp cakes. It's on the specials board sometimes. It's delicious every time.
Built in 1817 for James Brown which is a controversy in and of itself.  Stop in when Gary is working and have the house special, shot of Jameson and a pint of Guinness.
The Shepard's Pie is amazing, order with a Guiness Stout and be super happy!
Cute place to get a burger and a beer.
Best dumplings I've EVER had.
Bartender has a heavy hand with the vodka - I love that!
Food is great, but I couldn't ear innything. If you come for the music, don't sit on the back. People won't shut up.
1871 this place was 5 ft from the hudson. Today its said to be haunted. Clear your night you're gonna wanna stay for a few pints. Get the Ear Ale. Only served here. Brewed by Brooklyn Brewery. Cheers
One of the best bars in Manhattan. Can't go wrong with the burgers!
If gary is behind the bar request  his especial cocktail , chewdiditagain on the rocks with a onion instead of a limon.
Amazing spinach roll! Garlicky, not too doughy and perfectly cooked spinach!
New dough! Soooooo much tastier! Fluffy! Crispy! Delicious!!  Come try the new improved cowboy pizza!
Can't believe I'm saying this, but Buffalo chicken slice, yes!
Buffalo chicken will BLOW YOUR MIND!!!
Try the Michael: ricotta, red onion and meatballs!
What's better than riding a cowboy? Answer: eating a cowboy's pizza.
Mind puzzles at every table.
BBQ chicken!!!!
Try the Cowboy Slice! Duh!
Contrary to popular belief, apparently 21 grams refers to an esteemed sake brand and not the weight of a person's soul.
Christmas Songs are playing. Holidays are here.
VaynerMedia is really close by! Make sure to drop off a skim cappuccino for Trouty at work on your way out.
Gregory is always watching, and the yogurt parfait tastes like cake.
Free wifi, fantastic drip coffee and the pastries are pretty divine too. Get thee there now.
One of the best coffee places I've been to in NYC hands down. Very interesting and great music selection and great ambiance. Plus free wifi!
I love Gregory's, but the seasonal cinnamon latte is too much! Even for someone who loves cinnamon and sweets it was overwhelming. Stay away.
Great place to bring your computer/homework and enjoy a delicious cup of coffee!
The music playing is always amazing. Seriously.
Such good coffee and nice staff! Support a small business!
Shoutout to Denicio, Adam, or Jessica: Thanks for awesome coffee daily
Weekend baked goods selection is thin. Chex Mix bar was rather stale. If here on a Sunday afternoon, stick with the coffee or espresso.
This location smells awful.
One of the best coffee spots on the lower east side. Reliable free wifi, good customer service. Avoid morning rush.
Electrical outlets are sparse but there's a few in the back.
Bring headphones, worst coffee shop playlist's ever. Almost comically so. lol!
It's some of the best coffee in NYC. But be forewarned its like liquid cocaine. If you drink it after noon you may not sleep that evening.
Try the coffee.
Great coffee, great environment, one of the best coffee shops in Manhattan.
Be sure to get a rewards card.
3 PM weekdays can get very busy as busy bees recharge.
Try their coffee.
Crumb cake. That is all.
Managed to get a flat white in NYC! Only because the barista used to work in Australia though...
Consume many doughnuts.
oatmeal raisin cookie or whatever is really really good
Great morning boosts!
Check in special often yields a marshmallow bar or chocolate croissant!
We don't understand how it's so good...but the coffee is so good! SOOOO GOOD. There are so many things that are not bad about it. Like, what? How is it so good?! Are you freaking out too?! ZOMG
the coffee here is good - and the 'restroom' (or toilet/bog depending on where you are) is clean.
When do I get to meet gregory?
Great coffee and nice location to sit at the counter looking out the window at the hustle and bustle on broadway. Prices are not bad either for its location.
The watermelon juice is good, yet probably not worth $8. Free wifi for customers, though!
The longest wait for to go food in nyc. Would not recommend.
The coffee ladies are the nicest ever. I actually miss them on days I don't stop in.
Great menu of fresh juices and smoothies
Salads with quinoa and avocado - a CA girl's dream come true :)
Waited 30 mins for a $13 for a salad and I'm still hungry
Run away!!!! Run far away!!!!!
Expensive tea! Overpriced!
With soup you get a free piece of fruit!
Love this place. Had Eggs Benedict delivered several times. Always consistently great! And who would've thought Eggs Benedict would travel?! Favorite breakfast spot!
Try the Prosciutto Panini With Basil, Mozzarella And Sun Dried Tomatoes On Ciabatta - #Awesome!! #Great!! (via @Foodspotting)
I'm not gonna come back here food prepared badly
P6 panini is amazing
Supposedly has free wifi but nobody ever seems to know the password.
They need to stop letting tourists and students SLEEP here, occupying seats with no food/drink in front of them, leaving paying customers to stand. 2x in a row I came here and it was the same scene.
Bit on the pricey side! The P5 is worth it though.
Check you receipt and always call ahead for pick up. Never deliver!
Best sandwich in town: pesto chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, and fontina on herb focaccia.
Poached pear salad = delicious
The Quattro and Conquest paninis are both awesome
Expresso is my number1!!!
Breakfast all day long!
Sandwiches are small and cost a crap-load
They don't charge extra for adding avocado to your salad!
I had a $10 hotdog served on a baguette which I couldn't eat because my mouth isn't big enough.  Pinot Grigio and pizza are good.
Best salads ever from this otherwise unassuming corner deli.
$8 salads for up to 8 topics; no extra charge for bacon and avocado!
Grilled chicken with veggies and potatoes is great for dinner.
Nice salad bar
Beautiful seafood - whole fish. Buy some whole pomfret & fry em up or make a garlic & turmeric mackerel stew.
Check their Twitter to find their location!
Try the candied yam cupcake: sweet potato cake w/marshmallow fluff filling and toasted marshmallow icing
Salted caramel!!! And from May 1-15 2012, they are helping to raise money for Citymeals-on-Wheels. So get something delicious and make a donation!
Salted caramel, truth!
Cupcake Crew will be rollin' to the Village Voice's Choice Streets food truck tasting event on 4/24 at Pier 86 / The Intrepid! More info here: http://ow.ly/9M1oK
The Red Velvet cupcake is good. But 1.75 for a little cupcake is alot
Stick to the red velvet.  The frosting on the salted caramel is too sweet for me. The brownie one is a bit sweet for me too.. And I didn't realize it had coconut flakes on it (don't like).
Love the Cookies N Creme!
The key lime is heavenly
I can't believe I spent $2.75 on this cupcake. Overcooked. Stale. I want my cash money back.
MAYOR SPECIAL: The Mayor on the 1st Thursday of the month will receive a FREE box of mini-cupcakes!
Get the Al Pastor or the Carnitas super burrito! Muy Rico!!
Is must to try the shrimp or fish tacos with a big agua de horchata.
The nachos with cheese and chicken are to die for!
they have horchata!
Pass the salt.
Get the Mexican pizza with carne asada, so amazing.
Get the grilled fish special!
Can't go wrong with the carne asada super enchilada. Nachos and anything involving shrimp are great too.
grilled fish special is slammin!
Grilled chicken super burrito all the way - $7 guaranteed to put you in an afternoon food coma...
Is ok, pretty good veg
Try the chicken lunch special - a great deal.
Lunch specials rock... Carne Asada Tacos also very good, but their hot sauce alone is worth the trip.
Really great chicken, tender and falls off the bone. Really friendly staff. 24 hours! Sweet.
Shrimp and Lobster Guac... what???
Mostly Peruvian. Little expensive but amazing food. Is right next to Wine bar. This and Wine bar used to be my local hangouts when living on 3rd st.
I don't know how they call themselves Peruvian cuisine, not even close. Pisco sour awful, huancaina and ceviche... Really? This place is not Peruvian at all
This is not a Peruvian restaurant at all. Is a mix of all south American food. I ordered the huancaina and was so pissed at what I got. Peruvians be advise!
Not open on Mondays :o
It will take a lot of wine to get over their poor ceviche. Over charge for small portions, fine, but bad fish? come on. For $16 I would expect no fishy after taste. Also, the staff is pushy
Love the yuca fries at brunch...
Guac, hanger steak, panna cotta and hot chocolate are good!
The red wine selection by the glass here is impeccable and changes seasonally. Give it a try!
Nice low key place. Mike the bartender is awesome and wears cool Elvis Costello glasses.
The traditional beef heart skewers are CRAZY DELICIOUS
Leave room for the panna cotta. Simply mind blowing.
Although it's tough to beat Altos Las Hormigas' malbec, consider something new: Huarpe's '08 bonarda. While similarly flavored to the malbec, it's slightly lighter bodied...but equally good.
Must get the lobster and shrimp guac and chicken skewer. Yes, I said chicken.
Wifi password: rodeo212 (11/4/12)
Cutest place ever!
Enjoy their fine beer selection on the bench in front of the cafe.
The malbec is amazing here. My choice
The friendliest staff and the most beautiful bathrooms in the LES! Highly suggest you check this comfy hidden spot out!
Great selection of beers and wines. Try the dip and a cold UFO beer. Great space I will be back.
Order the artichoke dip!
Hot and sour soup is good
Autumn Pumpkin soup was deliscious!
One of the better quick salad places in battery park city. City Cobb salad was good, however my avocado was partially frozen. Oh yea, it's also going to be at least $10 for a salad.
Great soup selection, try the turkey chili!
City Cobb is the best
Slowest service ever.
Overpriced salads, and seriously, how does a salad shop run out of spinach? Bad radio station playing, too.
Excellent soup and bread!
Stumptown are the "beans" of choice here.  Decent cuppa joe here...
skip the restaurant and get sandwiches frm the small shop next door. too much oil in the food and slow service. so sad that there isnt good vietnamese in tribeca.
Amazing place. Great vegan options, but good for everyone.  I love the lemon grass chicken dumplings and the veggie "chicken tamarind".  If you come before 7pm, don't miss the world class bahn mi
The spicy Mango Shrimp is good an i love their Thai iced tea
The Pad Kee Mao is really bland.
The sesame chicken is so good and so bad for you that everyone should try it once.
Doesn't matter what they call it -- that ain't a banh mi.
Chicken Saté: spicy. Amazing.
Don't order any dishes based on the black bean sauce as it's really really salty!
HelloMy name is Miss jesical,i saw your profile todayand,i fill more intrest to contact you ,i will like you to please send mean email via (jesicalduncan@yahoo.com)for me to send you my pi
Singha in a cold glass is a must!
the bubble is amazing <3
Pad Thai is terrible here...
If sandwiches in the restaurant are made as they are at the express next door avoid at all costs.
avoid bubble tea--made with weird powder mix.
The salmon Vietnamese sandwich and the pho both sucked.
Great spicy chicken Vietnamese sandwiches
great place for a quick lunch or dinner with friends or business associates...affordable and good portions
Thai iced coffee  amazinggg
Spicy chicken 4 life
Try the spicy chicken sate banh mi - so good!
i love starbucks
Ngopi2 dulu di samping rumah sepupu..
in construction as of today!
Sample all the mojitos and find your favorite!
Love the morir sonando!
Dont believe the hype... Mojitos are SUPER weak
The Ropa Vieja appetizer is a must. Also have the Mojitos.
Oxtail stew was great. The flan and souffle were disappointing. Poor service.
Wifi password = bestmojito
Best mojitos in town & Mexican style corn on the cob
Tres Leches cake is amazing!
Get a table in the window especially when the windows are open on a warm day. The mojitos rock and the food was much better than my last trip to Miami. The staff is super friendly too.
Awesome food and mohitos. the potato hash is amazing.
Batido. Most amazing drink ever-- I get mind with pineapple. Good happy hour specials too! $5 grande mojito and sangria.
BRUNCH! Amazing. Get the Ideya eggs benedict. And the iced coffee.
Great flan
Best.  Mojitos.  EVAR!
Try the tres leches cake!
The white sangria is delicious!!
The mango & coconut mojitos will never do you wrong but the real sleeper is dark rum w/ coconut water. Get it.
This mojito is beyond.  I've already had three.
Great fresh drinks
Reggaeeee last sunday of the month. Best mojitos ever
Drink coco mojo
Fabulous drinks. Try the mojito. It's super refreshing for the hot summer months.
Delicious coco mojito. Love the arepas at brunch
Michael is an amazing bartender. Tip him well because he doesn't make shitty drinks.
Mango Mojito! Get it!
Original or Passion Fruit Mojitos!  Get the Grande - significant difference in size!
Best plantain chips and salsa ever! Craved them for years!
Their Ensenada de pollo is to die for. Who would have thought dalads could be so yummy!
Best. Mojitos. Period.
Lovely sounds of construction Mon-Sat, 7am to 6pm!
My favorite halal cart. Friendliest dude in the world and do delicious.
Good halal food.
great service and cleanliness. the man always has a huge smile on his face. its pretty refreshing lol
Sometimes they randomly want to charge you to use a credit card, but I keep coming back because the breakfast sandwiches are great!
New policy! If you want to pay by credit card you must pay a 35cent surcharge! Their food is not that great. I would suggest to go elsewhere. Perhaps falafel/shwarma place on 2nd ave between 23 &24st
The salad bar is awesome!
Know how much your meal actually costs. The girls at the register tend overcharge.
chat it up with the nice guys making your sandwich
These folks brew a very tasty, sweet Columbian deli coffee. There's a nice outdoor seating area if you're into that kind of thing. If it is around 10 a.m., you may find me sitting there.
Priced right for the quality of food. Table service and free wifi can't complain.
Great food but always incredibly slow no matter what. Even Seamless takes an hour for a salad.
Yummy pasta
The Bloody marys are famous, secret ingredient...dill
Best scones in the world and they are free at the register
Check the board outside for their great daily breakfast deals.
Cold bar is the best
Little known fact: the pronunciation has a hidden "n."
Ham & Brie on Black bread: yum!
Most extensive cheese selection of any make-your-own-salad place. Brie! Feta! Goat cheese!
Free wifi - you know you want it.
Don't forget to ask for the lunch or breakfast card. Every 5th breakfast / 10th lunch is free.
after 3pm their delicious salad bar is 1/2 off!
3.95 for lox on a bagel and a small coffee breakfast special!
Philly's best coffee, La Colombe served here!
Great ham & brie sandwich...or if you keep kosher, you can make your own.
Try the Paesano
Truly European... Great coffee, long queues
Love the coffee but they always seem to be comically understaffed during morning rush. Kind of a bummer...
The hustle & bustle of Caffe Lavazza belies the fine, labor intensive espresso served. Lavazza's Top Class espresso tastes like cherry, chocolate, tobacco, & spice — lots flavor packed into a doppio.
Pistacchio Gelato on a hot 97 f blazing sauna day in NYC....aaah...sigh...kisses to whoever invented ice-creams and gelatos!
The line is sloooow and looooong!
I like the frothy iced cappuccinos on a warm summer day. Order without the sugar--it's still delicious!
Get the negroni cocktail. You won't regret it.
Get a double espresso so you're energized to explore the rest of what Eataly has to offer!
Cappuccino in the AM. Cocktails in the PM.
delicious cappuccino. perfectly foamed milk!
You can always count on their slow and inefficient service!
The art of coffee making. Real European coffee. Everything is amazing !
The hot chocolate is pretty intense and totally awesome. A small, without whipped cream, is probably more than enough.
LOVE the bicerin
Get the iced cappucino, so rich n velvety! The affogato for sure, n their gelato! Delicioso!
Prosciutto Croissant! Yum!
Get the Affogato!! Delicious blend of gelato and espresso!
Expresso machiato is delicious!!
Também é chamado de Eataly Caffe e Gelato, TEM que vir aqui, melhores comidas para comprar. É um mercado Chic com vários minis restaurantes, e tudo de mais especial!! MUITO SHOW!!!
The pear gelato is amazing. molto buono!
Always start our AM here w/ a caffe e brioche. Reminds us of the Lavazza bar in Torino -- now want to go on a Baroque architecture tour!
'short' is the word ;-)
Very nice guy, here between 6pm to 9pm
Very small portions.
No more durian cake.  :(
Divine Vietnamese food, ridiculously bad service. Don't miss the sticky rice.
They are closed for vacation until April 25 (well deserved too)!
All of the dishes with lemongrass seitan are delish!
Byo white bottle.. #5 #35 #48 and avocado shake. Amasian.
everything is amazing but it's all about #36 and the avocado shake
Try the Curry Tofu & Potato Soup, you might just be delighted!
Yellow noodles, I love you
Now open 7 days a week!
We were both impressed with the Vietnamese iced coffee (w/soy) & the vegan pho.
The rice crepe appetizer is super-yumbo. Also a fan of the papaya salad and avocado salad.
Try the #29 - they are yummy.
Little pricey for the portions.  Decent pho.  Not great.  Really good tofu in the pho though.
No meat...yummy veggie Vietnamese...the owners don't speak much English, so please be patient!  Google it if you have a Q about food.  Get the avocado salad and the summer rolls!
Great food but cash only. Get the avocado shake.
#35. get it. And wash it down with an avocado shake. Your stomach.. and ass will thank you.
#36 grill lemongrass seitan on steamed hair rice vermicelli *drool*
Awesome veggie Vietnamese. BYOB too.
Great authentic Vietnamese coffee
Eat the vegan pho.  The broth has awesome flavor and the soup is chock full of tofu and a variety delicious vegetables.
Hands down one of my favorite treats of 2010 is the Papaya Shake. Kickass. The avocado shake is unique and yummy, too.
best Banh Mi!
I wanted to be psyched about this spot but was disappointed. Guac is tasty but  wayyyyy too expensive for what you get.
Tasty but overpriced for what you get
Disgusting and overpriced. Skip it and go to Toucan and the Lion around the corner.
stick to the apps and tacos. share a bunch of 'em (guac and lobster queso among them) and skip the mains, they were meh.
NY Foodie Reco: Peeky Toe Crab, Lobster & cheese, Squid w/Heriloom potatoes, guac w/pistachios
Love the salsas. Lots of lard. Not a lot for vegans. Wish they had some greens on the menu.
The Hecho en Humo is a Mexican take on the Old Fashioned: tequila instead of whiskey, and a Mexican Coke reduction instead of simple syrup.
Want something a little crazy and totally out of this world? Try the Pistachio Milk Punch.
As everyone has said, the lobster queso is a must and if you have more than 5 people, get 2. Guacamole is great. Def do the 7 salsa sampler and do the flat iron steak.
Their michelada is not typical but good!
People arent kidding about the lobster queso.  Delish!!  Kinda pricier than you think, though!
Best guacamole in NYC?
Get the pistachio guac!
Food is more complex than at Empellon Taqueria in West Village. Try the guacamole with pistachios, cured ocean trout, and melted tetilla cheese with lobster. Super flavorful! Loved everything!
Guac and masa chips and lobster with cheese dish were excellent. Tapas style so fun to try a bunch of flavors. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Masa (ground cornmeal) from Tortilleria Nixtamal replaces most of the traditional flour. Maple syrup—smoked on-site—and ancho-spiked mole-poblano butter lend savory, spicy richness to the dish. $13.
Eater recommends the arroz con leche
Even if you have a res, you'll have to wait for at least 30 mins.
Clean, vibrant and familiar flavors presented in a modern way
One of the best meals I've had in a long time... Ask for Geri... She's got your back!
Try the scallops and thank me later.... Off the charts.
Best guacamole in NYC. Try it and thank me later.
Tonight is the night to live boldly. Go on, call BULLDOG at the bar.
Chilaquiles, a traditional Mexican hangover cure that is typically made from leftovers, eggs and salsa-soaked fried corn-tortilla strips, is dressed up here with meaty maitake mushrooms.
Don’t miss the tamal colado, a Yucatán-inspired dish better than the versions we’ve eaten in Mexico.
everything is delicious. no reservation? just sit at the bar.
Chicharonnes....snap crackle pop!
Nailing it here. Gordita con huevo, estofada. Holy cow it's good. Run
Inspired Mexican plates and extensive agave spirits collection
Delicious everything minus desert
Best pizzas in Village. Pizzas increíbles, sitio, música, Eastvillage... Great.
New York City's scaring up good meals to celebrate Halloween http://exm.nr/QKNpMe
2 slices of (good) margherita pizza and a beer for $5? Aaaamazing
L'asso Supreme is the best pizza by far!
Breaking bad on Sundays
Def leave room for the Nutella sea salt pizza. Amazing!
Try the Mascarpone Pizza - Amazing. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Gorgonzola Bruchette (via @Foodspotting)
AVOID!!!!  It's crazy to think this place is related to the L'asso in Nolita. This spot's pizza is worst than a slice of Famous Ray's.   My review is one word - "gross"
Delicious pizza, I wish I could have tried all of it!! Albondiga pizza (meatballs!) was especially delish. An excellent place to have the first m.Hackers & Founders dinner. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Potato chip pizza... Crazy. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I'm not typically a fan of soggy, fork-n-knife Neapolitan pizzas, but this broke the mold. My Margherita D.O.C. was brilliant in its austerity.
The Collina salad and the Caramel Budino (dessert) are absolutely delicious!  The salmon pizza is fantastic!
The rabbit pasta is so amazing!
Nolita pizzeria's new larger East Village branch. There are gluten-free pies available--they're made with hemp flour.
Food was meh.
Keema curry!
Slow service. Food is average
I really enjoyed the okonomiyaki, the staff are so nice, this place deserves a chance
friendly staff with good drinks and food ! let's not forget those cute retro posters on the wall !!
Cute bar. Love the ramen and the fries. Long happy hour and the bartender is pretty cute.
I saw this last tip after we sat down, and decided go give this place a chance anyway. Big mistake. Not worth it.
Just...don't bother. This location is absolutely cursed.
Try the matzoh!
First matzah machine ever
Chocolate covered matzo. I repeat: chocolate covered motzo.
Matzo Mediterranean flavors
Go up to the window and ask for a free piece of matzah
The new almond macaroons are awesome!
It costs only $1 more but get a side of kidney beans with the chicken.  Ask for the "blue" sauce
Amazingly affordable and bar tender is fantastic! Fresh  ingredients in cocktails for just $5!
Crab & Ripe Mango Roll, that all i want 
Love Chuck! Best Bartender Ever!!
Service is ridiculously slow!!
Chuck and Nat have the hookup. Lychee shots all around!
Get the wild mushroom dumplings!!
Delicious crispy jumbo shrimps <3 and the best deserts and drinks
Try the Spicy Noodles with Chicken (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mushroom Dumplings (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spring Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Thai Iced Tea (via @Foodspotting)
Awesome atmosphere, delicious food, and great prices. Totally worth it.
Try the chicken Bordeaux if it's the last thing you do.
The Thai Basil burger was pretty dry and I had more fun with the green salad an fries it came with. Skip it!
The king tiger prawns were surprisingly scrumptious. Pasta sheets were like BUTTA. But the zucchini slaw in the dish was the real cherry on top!
Crab and Mango summer rolls are TRÈS MAGNIFIQUE! Light and earthy but sweet and chewy and tangy and yumz! And the wild mushroom dumplings... Oh HUNNY. Made only better with a Kronenbourg 1664!
Already tried the mushroom dumplings? The crispy tofu is also a delight!
Reasonable prices. Nice atmosphere and good food. Use scoutmob deal to save 20 bucks
Beware: Five Star Basil Chicken is super spicy although it doesn't indicate it on the menu
Lychee cosmos and $5 cocktails at the bar for happy hour. Pad see ew is in point and the spicy fried rice...it's spicy!!!!!!! Even when ordered mild!
Happy hour goes until close. Visit Chuck at the bar and you won't be disappointed. Also: Mushroom dumplings
Great place, great prices!!! Just do NOT order the mussels!!!
Food was a lot better than the reviews I read at the AAdvantage Dining site. Pad Thai was good. Great presentation. Waiter had a sweet pleasant smile. Very attentive. Try the fried crabs appetizer.
Love everything I've had so far but the braised short ribs are still my fave!
This place is badass! Lychee vodka shot for $2 until 11! Spring rolls are small but super tasty!
Wild Mushroom Appetizer was super tasty. I also loved the Grilled Chicken Bordeaux with butternut squash raviolli, sauce was delicious.
Make sure you ask for the lunch menu if you are here during lunchtime.
Excellent thai restaurant, must do !
Excellent thai restaurant, must do !
Get a 15% off dinner here with the DailyGobble app!
Try the Ayam Asam Manis.. Soo delicious! (:
If you're a novice to Indonesian food, "nasi rames" is a fantastic sampler! ;9
the best food
Indonesian Sweetened ice tea was pretty good
The price is xpensive and they are not friendly.....:(
bali rendang karangasem
Try the Rijsttafel #1 - Well worth seeking out just minutes walk from time square (via @Foodspotting)
Frozen chicken sold as daily special!
A little on the pricey side. Order Nasi Rames to try out a little bit of everything.
The one place that will substitute the roti canai dipping curry w a veg option.
Try the Batagor Goreng - Smothered with rich peanut sauce. (via @Foodspotting)
Try es teler
Daging sapi bumbu Bali .. So tender n spicy .. Eat with white rice .. Very gud
Lontong sayur
Best Indonesian restaurant in NYC by a mile. Try Nasi Goreng, chicken sate, and many others. Show off how in the know you are by ordering a side of Kroepoek, the delicious shrimp crackers not on menu.
Nasi Goreng (Indonesian fried rice with satay, chicken, shrimp & egg) and Ginger tea. Great for a cloudy chilly day like this.
Love this place, and that it's never crowded. Get the Rendang Pedang (the beef is perfectly tender) and the Roti Canai.
Don't let the empty tables fool you. The Ikan Sole is delicious! Even the vegetarian stuff is quite nice. Go here for food that is unique, flavorful and very filling!
Indonesian food in NYC! *finally*  Ikan Kari is nice! But the price is kinda expensive, for me =(
The best Beef Satay!
Try some Indonesian food at Bali Nusa Indah! Get the Ikan Kari and Roti Canai for sure.
Grandma slices are awesome!
If you do not have a huge appetite order a 1/2 portion. Also, you can add a soft drink for $.50 to any pasta which makes it possible to get lunch for under $5 in midtown :D
mmm pizza.
Swing by this truck for succulent, low-cost steak on-the-go. For $6, fill up on a Philly cheesesteak w/ unlimited toppings & waffle fries.
Happy hour 4:30p-7p
Feast your taste buds on the amazingly delicious Rigatoni Ala Nonna ....yuuuummmm
2 for 1 sangrias on happy hour...and they are extremely delicious and potent
Ok, not great. $62 total for two eating with one drink.
Amazing food!  Not closed!! Stop in for social hour at the bar 4-630
1/2 price house mixed drinks, wines by the glass, and beer when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
The groupon was $50 for $150. Hard to be disappointed, right? The canned food they made my meal out of cost them $2.70
It's tough to leave me dissatisfied after a $50 Groupon worth $150 but this place definitely did. Awful food. Wine, apps, entre, and desert for two was not even worth the 50.
no idea why people are saying this place has great service, it's very hit or miss here- this time we were upstairs and it was horrible, we were completely forgotten about. NOT impressed.
O prato com camarão é divino
Eggs Benedict...weak. Hollandaise sauce was way too runny. My friends omelets looked good though
Really great margarita pizza here.
Excellent service, Arthur pizza amazing, branzino (whole) was out of this world!!! Charles the manager was so wonderful! Highly recommended!!!  You will not be disappointed!
Great venue, had an excellent Linguini Noir.
Def still open and great. Linguine neire and the Pinot
Eggs Benedict is bliss!!! And the venue is NOT closed.
Do NOT get the mussels. They are bad and gave me food poisoning
Forrest Hills pizza is a good choice to share. Rectangular, crispy and light, doesn't need fork and knife... enjoy it with your hands!
Venue is closed
Vino Tuesdays at El Porron is the best 25 % off any bottle of wine all day long.
Ask Diego for the berry sangria ....its amazing
What a wonderful, fun place to go get a light lunch or dinner. All the sauces are amazing. Try the garlic shrimp or the calamari. The owner/ chef is a great guy. Try the wine soaked French toast!
Very good dinner every item ordered was tasty! To top off dinner the Spanish french toast was stunning! Haven't had drinks there but looks like a place where you can get lose :)
worst happy hour! ends at 6 on friday
Sick of your cranberry and vodka? Trade the vodka for some bold BULLDOG Gin.
Awesome "Social Hour" from 3-6:30
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this Spanish spot and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: don’t miss the paella.
Get the mushrooms, chorizo and scallops
Garlic shrimp ! Wonderful
try the mushrooms
The mocha flan is ridiculous! Yum!
Diego is the best....we call him Spanish Ringo star they have great tapas....!
Best garlicky calamari anywhere - period!
Outstanding wine list and super friendly service with Diego and Kelly behind the bar. Order the lamb!
Lamb gyro, FTW! Go easy on the hot sauce...
I practically lived off of their lamb on rice when I worked in this neighborhood.
The fish sandwiches are amazing
For the fruit/veggie juice, go really early. Later, all the pulp settles at the bottom and shaking the tumblers isn't a good idea, I learnt the hard way. :|
It's all about the Sushi.  Terrific!
The new fresh squeezed fruits and vegetable juices are delicious.
The daily special in the back is usually yummy and creative
try the cappuccino!
Cappuccino is just awesome!
Don't bring cash, cuz they don't accept it!
The sides are huge and cheap - 1.40 buys you a meal, basically.
Get the cookies. They are absolutely delicious.
The old fashioned tomato soup is the best.  They should have it every day.
The complimentary cinnamon toast and blueberry muffins are everything
Stick to the west side hi-life
Worst burger ever
The crabcakes in my Benedict Arnold tasted a bit fishy and the texture was mush. The poached eggs were clearly pre-cooked. The strawberry butter on the other hand was delicious and very interesting...
Go on a Monday or Tuesday for half off your sushi! Delicious and a great deal.
The Argentinean skirt steak with chimichurri sauce is fantastic.
Try the Riazul Tequila. Amazing!
Can't go wrong with brunch. Popular spot on Sundays!
Get the German chocolate cake!
delicious oysters + delicious music
HI-LIFE RESTAURANT & LOUNGE got a health rating of A with 9 points.  Download the #nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on #FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/8558
Great appetizer special on sundays
Nice lighting
Where everything is "Meh"!
Some of the best sushi in town!!
Sushi is pretty good!
Must do the sat late night!!
Hannah j is cute ^
pasta puttanesca, yummy!
I love everything about this place.  I go there for brunch, for dinner, for drinks, love the staff and the ambience.
Here with a group of four, and ordered some pretty simple meals, and its taking forever to get my food. Minus points...
Ay caramba! Good atmosphere, yummy drinks and food!
Great brunch - very kid friendly and you get a basket of muffins and cinnamon toast!
Nice shell steak, Cobb salad, salmon & fresh magic hat on tap - friendly wait staff - grab a window seat if you can
This is my Monday night choice!  The sushi is good; esp when you consider that is is half price!  I like the mango choices.  Also, the Rolls Royce martini is a homerun one stop doozy.
$3 patron shots!!!!!
I was so excited 2 get my free drink upon my 3rd visit that I dragged my pal here, only to have the server assume that I would not want the full service associated w/ the Rolls Royce drink. How rude!
Hi life burger with spicy sauce is good.Also Monday and Tuesday 50% sushi.
Unlock Bravo Newbie and Real Housewife at the same time here
hi..............
Мне понравились коктейли))!!и обслуживание )
The Bozzi Burger features aged gouda, fried onions, & barbecue sauce, which I request on the side, so as to not distract from the flavor of the high quality meat. And the fries are delicious to boot.
best steaks  in town..a must while in Manhattan
For F-Factor Approved Menu Items, check it http://ffactor.com/community/menus/palm_restaurant
Rare steak & chocolate cake.
kayaknya mantap deh :D hahaha
Charlie wants to fill a pool with cheesy potatoes and dive in!
Try the specialty cocktail "Touch of Rouge"--Double Cross Vodka, pomegranate liqueur, pineapple juice & lemon. Have Rich make you one!
it's yummy :9
biasa aja sih ya
Excellent place for a Pre or Post Theater dinner.
Prime Time Bite are niiiice
Don't miss the Bozzi Burger (we tried it in the bar at lunch) - amazing!
Check out my smiling face in the bar at the Palm on W. 50th Street
Omg it like really smells like steak in here....
Great food! Try out their italian speciality especially chicken parmigiana
Try the steak!
Может, я слишком придираюсь, но само по себе мясо было очень хорошего качества, прожарка внутри была так же хороша, но сам рибай был сожжен с одной стороны и по вкусу напоминал угли...
The ribeye is AMAZING.  Bone in of course!
My tip is to order something on the menu, exactly as it is. No matter what you order, it will show up perfectly cooked and taste amazing. Just trust 'em, they know better than you do.
A number of great munches are available at the bar weekdays after nine for $4.50 / each. Go sliders !
Check out my Uncle Gee's face on the wall!
original locale the best. Still good. Bag of donuts dessert devine!
I've had way better steaks for half the price... So sad.
yummie........
Checking into this venue will count towards the Andy Cohen Badge!
Good food and service!  As a foodie, I wasn't overly impressed though!
Sit down and relax. Let Chris the bartender take care of you and let you piano take your worries away.  Oh yeah,  have a steak too!!
Asian food in the middle of new york, good
Damn nice falafel. What else do ya need? Get in there!
Know what you want when you get in line, it moves fast! Ask them to sneak some french fries into your sandwich, you won't regret it.
It's actually at 46 and 6-not 45. Get the falafel with fries
Falafel! Do it!
Awesome! Topped with fries, pickles, and hot sauce.
Hits the spot! Pickles are a super nice touch.
Decent falafel: not quite Mahane Yehuda quality, but a good & filling lunch stop. Make sure to ask for extra zehug (hot sauce)
Worst ... falafel ... ever!  Extremely dry and the vendors are too pushy!
A small portion of the crispy, fluffy falafels (three for $3.75) is a meal; a large order (five for $5.25) is a feast.One of our 25 favorite food trucks!
The best fries and falafel in the area!!!
The half falafel sandwich is great value and very filling!
best falafel from a truck ... ever.
Best falafel in midtown
If it's raining - go early!
Hire NYC digital strategist - Denmark Francisco (http://www.dsfnyc.com).
come here on rainy days and get the good hale and hearty soup specials
"The food was high-end dinner fare (the light-as-air tiramisu was a highlight) in a classic Old New York Setting." As seen in Town & Country, May 2012, page 122
The high tea is fabulous. Impeccable service and endless treats.
Insanely Expensive but dress well for high tea!
Get the lemon and mango tea its sweet but a tiny bit tart
The World's first Bloody Mary was created at this St Regis bar (using Belvedere gin).
The martinis at the bar are at least twice the standard size.
Skinny is a less bread/lower carb option. And get the Giardiniera!!
Get a fresh lemonade, it's deliciously refreshing.
Vale a pena tomar seu café da manhã por aqui, o brownie é gostoso.
They sell Donut Plant's Tres Leches donuts, you MUST have one...
Without a doubt, dirtiest bathroom in NYC. Possibly earth.
Grab an iced coffee and warmed scone to munch on to while you traipse around the Plaza
Banana Nutella Cupcake. Simple as that.
Banana Nutella Cupcake.
Awesome sandwiches! Harissa chicken with Manchego is an esp fav.
This coffee is burnt. I should have gone to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts, two places I merely hate.
Tomato cheddar is delicious.
The service is terrible...
Surprisingly poor customer service
The second Dean & Deluca (at 9 Rockefeller Plaza), with the market has closed. Disappointing.
one of the best mochas in the city
Delicious coffee screw celtics go lakers!
There are two Dean & DeLuca's in 1 Rock.  One facing the Plaza on 49th Street and one facing 48th Street.  The 48th Street side is usually emptier and the line is shorter.
On my way for a great cup of coffee.  I read in the Times that it will soon become Bouchon Bakery.  .What?????
No breakfast sandwiches here so try the quiche.  Go Celtics!
From 4-7 they have coffee happy hour, all coffee drinks and breakfast pastries are half off.
For the high prices they charge for the sandwiches they should be made fresh for u instead there premade and wrapped up.I recommend going to a real deli instead
Try the chocolate mousse.
Interminably long check out lines.
delicious iced coffee!
Good for quick business meetings.
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had!
Best bacon in the city!
Amazing breakfast buffet! Great service too.
The bacon at the breakfast buffet is incredible.
The breakfast buffet is killer, be sure to try the bacon.
Egg casserole is a must!
Loved the american bkfst buffet, its complete for just an american bkfst!
$39.75 for a buffet breakfast?? They don't even have any "gourmet"-like selections. I wouldn't waste your money.
Don't eat here.
Nicest wait staff. Go Hoosiers
Free beer tower deal via foursquare is awesome
Free shots when drink quickly
Manager of the bar saw me sitting w/ a Michigan State jersey at the bar and asked me if I wanted any of the tv's switched to the game. Honestly that's shows how much a bar cares about it's customers.
Bar tenders are mad friendly.. Food's a bit pricey but prepared well, and you can't beat 4 dollar drafts.
Super swanky but super dead! Skip over to better places instead!
Pay $20 to spend $40 on Food and Drink at Traffic http://buyth.at/lzar3
IU Hoosiers bar. Sink the biz!@
Slow service
Happy leap day!!
Order the Traffic Jam
It's a bro bar
This place is great for after work drinking. Good specials, yummy food and its not pricey!
Beer pong tournaments every other Tuesday starting 11/15/11
Nothing like walking into the bar and Rocky Top starts playing.
IU alumni bar with all the hoosier classics like AMFs, sink the biz and more.
go for the fried mac 'n cheese
Free open bar from 8-9 saturdays no strings attached.
Basics like broken faucets in mens room show a shabbiness on the part of Mgmt.
They have an ad asking if you remember "Electro Coolers".....IT'S ECTO COOLER!!! Get it right goddamnit!
Luke warm coffee. Minimal champagne in the Mimosa. I am not excited to find out what the brunch tastes like.
Macaroni squares are delicious. Always friendly staff good sangria.
Here right now and this place sucks. Slowest service on the planet and there is almost no one here. Been here before and there was like 6 ppl in the whole joint. Go across the street
Best bar in nyc!!! Go here for awesome drink deals any day of the week
Hottest bartenders ;)
totally disagree with the first tip left for this venue!place is always fun and filled with ppl
GO HOOSIERS!!
UT fans put on your orange and white and head to this hangout.  Wednesdays spend $20 for a three course meal and $4 Domestic Drafts and $5 Mixed drinks.
They don't have bud heavies...
Best bar food in the city...BY FAR
Simple menu and kinda pricey for what they give you and the area it's in
Get the spicy scallop hand roll, salmon with seared tomato sushi, and yellow tail with Jalepeno sushi. Call ahead for a reservation  – Sarah K.
Spicy scallop hand roll. Spicy scallop hand roll.
New in their Omakase rotation: fluke tempura with a tempura shiso leaf. Amazing!
Fresh delicious maybe best place in city for Sushi. Spicy Scallop roll a must.
Snowpea salad, maguro avocado, Salmon with sautéed tomato, tuna with tofu sauce, sautéed white fish, fluke tempura
Sit at the sushi bar and order Omakase.  Amazing!
Try one of the signature rolls. Spicy Scallop Roll was great! There are some unique dishes on the menu so this isn’t your “typical” sushi joint.
If it's not the expensive omakase, it's not worth it.
Get the spicy scallop handroll and make sure they make it crispy. This is a really a special dish.
#TheBest you have to get the  Nao sushi and spicy scallop roll. Everything is great though!
Expect to spend $150-$200/person.
Try the omakase. It's so fresh and so worth it!
excellent sushi ! fresh, delicious , amazing !
Agree w everyone else. Omakase is the way to go.
food was good, limited menu selection and a little pricey
The spicy scallop roll is a must! Also the beef negamaki
Our pick for the best omakase in NYC, but it's only worth it if you get a seat at the sushi bar. (Make a res!) Spicy scallop roll to finish it off is a highlight.
Splurge on the omakase and let Chef Seki take charge of your meal, masterfully putting together piece after piece of sushi heaven.
Fuck you!!!!
Japanese....
Open until 3am, it's where many of New York sushi chefs go when they finish up work. Sit at the sushi bar, you may see chef Anita lo (annisa) since it's one her favorite places.
Sit at the bar.
Best sushi in town if you do the Omakase at the sushi bar.
We absolutely loved the experience from the sushi bar – if those seats are available be sure to take them. The beef teriyaki was cooked perfectly, not too tender and not too chewy.
Sit at the bar.
no better bite than the tuna and tofu sauce...only disappointments here are when the meal is over.
Do NOT miss the Toro!
Spicy scallop hand roll!
The spicy scallop roll here is amazing.  Also, the fact that its open late night is key.
There's a surprisingly decent selection of craft beer for the area, which is a nice surprise. Cocktails are decent but pricy. Food wise, try a custom cheese plate or the bacon crostini.
If you live by bread alone, it's pretty good here.
The lamb meatballs, lamb chops & bread pudding are absolutely yummy! And Rocco is a fantastic server!
Great. location great salad menu love the atmosphere can't wait to try the food highly recommend.
the croissants are fantastic. and they are not giant sized (less food guilt, etc.)
Service was terrible and the food just ok. I enjoyed the olives and the sprig salad, but the burger was bland and not enjoyable.
The bartender is awesome; drinks are well made and the lamb meatballs to die for .
Best burgers in midtown and dare I say new York made with ground steak
Peet's lattes... soooo good
The burgers are amazing.
GREAT Happy Hour! Buy any drink at the bar from 5-7pm and recieve one of their small plates on the house... (The real tip is, the small plates ARN'T so small and they ARE very delicious!)
This place brings the cuisine of Northern Cali to NYC and features seasonal, locally sourced ingredients. Expect plenty of sprigs in the form of freshly plucked herbs.
Look out for staff members handing out free coffee cards on the street outside every once in a while, the Peet's Coffee they have is GREAT!
Feta stuffed lamb meatballs! Awesome. Super comfy bar chairs! Awesome. Being in the Lobby of the Lipstick building watching the world of midtown manhattan go by, you decide.
Worst service in NY
comfort place
Decent place. I think. If only I remembered being here
$2 beer Happy Hour (5-7) + half-off appetizers = a good time.
Very big mouse runs through the back counter at the bar. Our group points it out to the bar tender.  His reaction: what do you want, it's new york city.  Aaaahhh how authentic.
Get the swamp water! Huge fishbowl you can share with your friends. Def worth the money.
Amy is the best! By far!
yes it is true you can get it here Far Far Away Badge
Far Far Away Badge
Your evening is not complete without a bucket of hot wings, a couple 40's of beer, and a Karaoke number with your new friends at the next table!
Try the Beef Brisket Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Best mac n cheese EVER! And $3.75 Natty Light :-)
It's a bit on the cramped size. When you order, ask how long it will take to get your order.
Swap Water Fish Bowl
Sweet potato fries are good
Order the wings ! & swampwater you will be good to go :)
Order the wigs the are delicious hhj
The service here is historically horrible. The waitresses take so long for everything, water-downed drinks. Brother Jimmy's is no brother of mine. More like a bitchy aunt.
love here drinks
The pulled chicken sandwich is amazing!
Megan is the greatest!!!
This is the worst Brother Jimmys I've ever been too. The service was terrible. Had 2 get my own water, had 2 search 4 the waiter on three separate occasions to take orders. #EPICFAIL
Megan on thursdays and sunday nights is the only way to go.By fay the best bartender in NYC.
Andrew, the best bartender. Period.
Come when Amy's here. Her bangs are super sexy and you know you can't resist!
New menu item Press'd Bourbon BBQ Brisket sandwich is awesome! If you like their other brisket meals, give this one a try
A little of a frat crowd.  Try to avoid it on a Friday after work.  Go there midweek.
try the daily all you can eat deals
The new bacon wrapped meatloaf is amazing!!!!
Always go for Hot wings on Saturday's between 12-4. They're only 35 cents!
The pressed Bourbon BBQ brisket is AMAZING!!!
Awesome Frickles!
Brunch menu is all-around excellent; bring a group and split several special pizzas and maybe the spinach-and-goat-cheese omelet. Good coffee too.
Mozzarella is delivered on Tuesdays all the way from Italy.
One of the best authentic pizza places in the city!
Cash only.
Service is all over the place but meatballs and pizza rustico were top notch
The buffalo mozzarella pizza was the best I've ever had. Amazing!
Get the Número 28 pie - its Awesome!!
The mussels are amazing!!!
Any place that brings you free pate with your bread is awesome in my book!
French onion soup is a must.
Amazing croissants (and jam and butter that come with)
Mussels on Monday Night with fries and glass of wine:  $21!
awesome brunch menu. fromage et jambon crepe and eggs benny are excellent choices. dinner is great as well.
Great free pour bartender!!
The First Spring Long Island Restaurant Week 2011 is April 3 -10. Come here to enjoy a 3-course prix fixe for $24.95. See other participants or make a reservation at www.longislandrestaurantweek.com.
Love this place. Great service and food. Seared tuna is delicious. Bread pudding is ridiculous!
Best Croissant I ever had in the states
I recommend the moules provencales. They were absolutely delicious. And remember to keep some of your croissant for dipping in the broth!
Excellent place! Food is amazing!
The lamb special is amazing. The best meat dish on the menu is the lamb.
All items on authentic French bistro menu are excellent. Try the tuna loin japonaise
The best coffee shop in NYC
Now they have Wifi!
A cute casual place. It almost has a small-town diner feel to it.
OMG. The Strawberry Banana Nutella crepe. Must. Try.
By the way, if you're looking for this, you should know that the awning actually reads "First Avenue Restaurant," not "Coffee Shop."
Read Gingers review on The Juicy Naam. http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-juicy-naam-manhattan
Order a moon with ginger, best green juice ever! Or an I Am Buzzing with greens mix.
Quinoa with arame & ginger dressing (made by Juli only) is the best!
They never open on time. Great smoothies but not great service. Also, weird location.
Best coffee in north Chelsea
In a rather barren lunch area, this place is a gem. Have a chopped salad or something from the prepared foods. Everything's pretty delicious.
Delicious soups and and a good spread in the salad section. The noodles (only tried udon) are pretty good. Don't expect restaurant quality but for a quick lunch it's good.
not certain what that meat was | got more gored than gourmet ||
beware of food poisoning...but I still like to get udon.
Highly recommended. Their Mac and cheese is top notch. Get there early bf it's all gone!
Yogurt parfait sucks now that they changed it. 2/3 as big and runny gross yogurt
Ramen bar is the best!
They have Illy coffee. The food is always fresh too. Get a fried egg, american cheese, onions and peppers on a whole wheat roll.
Super overpriced but worth it. Their food quality is best in the area, plus everyone that works there is super nice.
Their chicken soup is delicious! Also, look out for their Mac n' Cheese.
The udon &  ramen are delicious.
Buffet bar is great (albeit pricey). They also have woodong (warm broth with thick white noidles), bibimbap (rice with mixed toppings), sushi. The cleanest gourmet deli.
Best food in the area.  A bit on the pricey side, but it's great.
Love this place for lunch! Amazing food assortment but it's pricey!
Try the fresh shrimp with penne at the salad bar...and the avocado salad is to die for..
It's a bit pricy, but you pay for quality! Breakfast-Lunch is delish and always a top selection!!!
Great salads and sandwiches
Ask for a coffee card, 8th coffee is free!
Good variety of food, But it's a bit pricy.
Great soups
breakfast here is really solid.
even the large salad is quite small
the avocado salad is really good!
They don't serve pizza before noon on Tuesdays!  And if you ask about it, they get annoyed.
$1.25 for a small water? Really?
Most expensive drinks in the area - get your food there but go elsewhere to get your beverages - your wallet will thank you.
Try the Mediterranean panini! It's very tasty :-)
Tommy's got everything you want! Everyone who works here, morning-day-night are awesome and make some of the best concoctions of a sandwich.
Try the Vanilla Bean Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Chocolateira ótima e em um hotel maravilhoso e cheio de história. Os macarons são ótimos ;))
Try the Chocolate Chocolate Macaron Ice Cream Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Passion fruit macaron is amazing!
The 6 macaron box is not a good deal. At $15, it comes out to $2.50 each vs $2.25 for each individual macaron.
Everything at the Plaza is simply magnificent!
They have French macarons from Payard.
The chocolate raspberry verrine is exquisite. Light, sweet, and an overall delight for the tastebuds!
Pâté is fab, enough for two and love the crab cakes.
Talk to the Piano player. He has a great story to tell!!
Do not order beer! It is served in a wineglas! Do not comment! It will end all servecing mind of the waiter in blue.
Absolutely have the crab cakes. They are amazing. And come see Eric play on Tuesdays and Wednesdays... old standards you've never heard before.
Great romantic place. And the piano player is great.
Metro d was polite but very demeaning and unpleasant... Live music though!
The Escargot is just divine!! Excelent piano music and 20's Paris atmosphere.
The spot is perfect for the Modern Courtesan living a luscious life..it's so sexy, fabulous, and French. There place is a delicious shrine to Josephine Baker. Stop in for some sexy nosh!
I love this place so much I wish I could live here!!
Great spot for romantic dinner or pre show
Live piano music!
A great place to go to feel like a real housewife and enjoy great atmosphere with friends.
Excellent chinese ravioli but take care of your coats!! They will ask you 2$ each on top of an already expensive bill...
My friend Tom loved this place, he was definitely right!
A theater district MUST! Fabulous food and  piano player/singer 's to die for............be greeted by Jean Claude and step into the warmth of New York..........
Bad bread.  Not such good service.
Best place for pre-theater brunch or lunch. Try the pecan crusted honey mustard chicken - my fave!
Valentine's Dinner a bust. Monday entrees tasted like Saturday leftovers heated up. Without the music food was pretty disappointing.
Calamari, Chicken Pecan, black pasta, and the fried dough knots were all AMAZING!!! Louie the bartender and Dan the server provided excellent, friendly service. Great place, excellent food and drink.
Very nice live music.  Relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff makes this a .breath of fresh air in NYC.
Thurs.nites bring jazz-singers upfront. Did awesome showtune ballads last time. Recommended to sit middle of restaurant for acoustics(a little loud).Endive (large!) shred-cheese side salad recommended
No pigeons, no where.
Best cart in NYC
The lamb. Anything with that incredible lamb.
Order online @ www.foodtoeat.com
Follow @djyoshi. Official DJ 2011 NY Jets, Rutgers Football & Monster Cable. Visit www.djyoshi.com for mix downloads & contests!
The lamb/rice gets all the attention, but chicken pita is massively underrated.  That pita is the real deal.
Large chunks of real lamb and chicken. The sauce is to DIE FOR!!! A little pricey for carts but the quality is second to none!!!
The cart RIGHT NEXT TO this cart is way better and cheaper. Albeit a tad slower.
Want to eat healthy...ish? Try the tilapia - spiced with Bengali seasonings & pan-fried to order, the fish ends up being meaty & tender. Top with green chile & white sauce for the street meat effect.
Hot dog with mustard & ketchup a must!!! Crisp dog sliced down the middle and buns are toast. Woot
Chicken on a pita, $5 - cant go wrong..
Did you know that the chef here used to work to the Russian Tea Room? Kwik Meal is not your ordinary cart food. Learn more on MetroFocus.
Cheesesteak: The steak is cooked in that deliciously greasy way, in with the peppers and onions and bound together by totally melted cheese. The pita gets thrown on top so that it, too, is warm.
Lamb with rice hits the spot everytime. LOVE!
The Chicken & Lambo Combo is not worth $12
Even the hot dogs are great: he brushes them with melted butter and grills them. The buns are buttered and grilled too. Much better than the "poached" dogs you get at the regular stands.
They've been off their game lately. The guy taking orders today was completely confused. Line wasn't moving for 10 mins.
Tasty and Spicy! Order from Kwik Meal online at foodtoeat.com
Tasty and Spicy! Order from Kwik Meal online at foodtoeat.com
Cart owner Mohammed Rahman was once a sous chef at the famed Russian Tea Room. Luckily for street food lovers, he now serves up delicious food - especially his lamb and falafel - at reasonable prices.
People seem to love the lamb, but I'm partial to the chicken pita.
steak and cheese is excellent, but don't expect a philly-style cheesesteak - this is completely different.
You can't go wrong here, but my favorite is the lamb over rice. Delicious & won't leave your tummy rumbling- the chef used to work at Russian Tea Room & has won a fair share of Vendy Awards!
You can't go wrong here, but my favorite is the lamb over rice. Delicious & won't leave your tummy rumbling- the chef used to work at Russian Tea Room & has won a fair share of Vendy Awards!
Canadian culinary institute trained ex-Russian tea room sous chef will give you flavor orgasms with his grilled lamb and chicken on rice. Ask for his spicy green sauce for an extra kick
Falafel on pita, it is a must here!!!
Killer Lamb. Great street food!!!!!
chicken and lamb over rice -- yum!
I should add the shrimp are DELICIOUS!!! A real surprise!
Tilapia on rice for $8, not easy to find around here
Hand the man your fruit from the trays below the window.
I'm having trouble not eating here three times a day.  So tasty.
Things are overpriced here, but their salads are actually pretty good at a reasonable price.
Definitely overpriced. $6.49 for milk..
Reliable Breakfast.  Egg whites and cheese on toasted bagel.
Enjoy the passionless cashier, she is so bored about her job, priceless to watch.
Best red velvet cupcake in NYC I've tasted yet
fantastic cupcakes!!
Angie is the BEST!!
Great selection of products and excellent food. Also the only place where cookies, soda, ice cream and beer total $30+.
Fresh sandwiches, salad and fruit for a reasonable prices, esp for Battery Park
How is this place nicer and cheaper than Joes right across the street??
They never have green tea.
Wide selection of goat cheeses.
Get the pacific panini! It is so good.
Great $7 lunch special
Great food!
Love the food! Hot chocolate great! Laptop and you're set. :) awesome in winter
Cool design, but overpriced. Get the nutella spread and dip it into all your food, and forget that you spent that amount of money for that food. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The service here is absolutely horrendous.
they close at 7:30pm! Wish they opened till later
They have soy milk and gluten free options!
Service is wicked slow.
Chia seed muffin!!!
Crap food ok coffee and tea. Overpriced by a lot. Pastries are halfway decent. You can use the bathroom which is pretty clean off the street though. Works well as a restroom when hanging in Wash Sq.
The quinoa arugula salad is
The quinoa arugula salad is fantastic. Service takes forever.
When will they fix that heavy door that always sticks?!
a bit pricey for what you get, but i'm partial to the salmon avocado tartine.
TARTINES !
This vegan-friendly bistro offers bread baking classes. The brioche is phenomenal. It makes the *best* French toast on the face of the planet, but that part you'll have to do when you get home. ;)
Their bread basket is wonderful, until you realize you consumed 1400 calories for breakfast.
Sat down and then waited 12 minutes and still no drink order taken. Server greeted us at 10 minutes and then didn't come back.  Came to two tables by us twice.  Maybe the food is good.
Never eating here again - both my sister and I ended up with food poisoning after eating here...
A little overpriced, but also delicious. Nice pastries.
Love this place but the service is always the worst ever. Can't believe you can run a restaurant like this.
Free samples!!
the soft boiled eggs are to die for together with bread and awesome spread, gotta love it :)
Fresh mint tea with sugar tastes like chewing gum.
BEST coffee shop on campus, boo boo!
Couldn't taste the original flavor and craft as I did in SF. Moving on...
for those of you with a meal plan, peet's is another place you can use it: for one meal you can grab a medium coffee or tea, a pastry, & a piece of fruit. it's a pretty good deal for hurried mornings.
Don't get the tea, it makes you sick.
Much better than Starbucks for a caffeine fix...cheaper, less crowded, similar options, and the staff is super friendly.
It's like chipotle run by Mexicans which means 2 things: food tastes more Mexican and a lot more seating in a lot less space.
Mexican food made by mexicans. Enough said. Burrito was awesome
Pretty good, quick & easy. Carne Asada Tacos are a safe bet
Very greasy!!!
Wannabe Chipolte, not saying it's nasty.  Try the Spicy Chicken Tacos, decent prices for the location.
The beans: fresh! The staff: friendly, and you get chips and salsa w/ your burrito when you eat-in.
More quantity but less quality. The food is pretty flavorless and lower quality than chipotle but so much more food!
The more legit Chipotle
Great variety of Mexican soft drinks
Best pasta a la vodka I've had. Ganey is the best waiter!! Love this place
The prosciutto and avocado wraps are very flavorful and light tasting!
delish argentinian malbecs and torrontes for after-work people watching near the open-air entrance, plus the chicken salad-filled avo or the penne always hit the spot on lazy sunday nights.
Great Carbonara.
My two favorites: avocado with crab meat and the portobello panini. Try them with a nice Heineken on draught!
Really nice, small room. Romantic. They have a Uruguayan red by the glass that's really different, lovely, with a great finish. The pasta of the day - penne with tomatoes and mushrooms was amazing.
The bruschetta is amazing!
Don't come here on saturday nights if you're not in the mood to get drunk with tunnel people...
FYI: They moved locations to 180 Third Avenue.
All you can eat/sake bomb for $40 (via Scoville)
delicious japanese food for reasonable prices. Love it!
Surprisingly really good sushi at great prices for such a little hole in the wall.  Yum!
if you're going to eat here, get delivery/takeout. the AYCE sushi and drink deal creates a fratty sake bar vibe. it's loud and annoying.
3 rolls for $10! Best sushi deal in the east village.
Terrible.  Avoid at all cost
The unlimited sushi is a great deal. The sexy roll especially
Great fresh sushi for super cheap. Worth the walk over to 1st Ave.  Don't go at night on the weekend unless you want to party though... sake bombs galore.
never go here. low quality sushi
This is the worst sushi I have ever eaten. Do yourself a favor and eat elsewhere.
Holy ****...12 dollars for two people to share a whole pitcher of beer and carafe of sake's worth of sake bombs????  Sign me up.  Yatta!
A reasonable deal if you're looking for good food and lots of alcohol. $32 bucks for unlimited sushi and drinks. Fine print: 2 hour limit. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
All you can eat and good sushi but service is soooo slloooooooooooooooooow
Scallop sushi is surprisingly really good! I saw someone order a lot of it and decided to try it. Now favorite thing on their menu. Highly recommend!
$1 Sushi and Sashimi
Great deal minus waiting thirty minutes in between each roll *sigh*
This place is hot broad central
$1 house sake/wine/beer on weekdays!
3 rolls for $10!! and $1 sushi and sashimi
Service does suck but the food was surprisingly very good esp. considering the price. We did come on a Tue tho
Get the all you can eat and drink for $32 and do 32 sake bombs!
All u can drink!!! Try the crazy waitress!!
Service sucks now. Too dark and loud. Try Oyama on 1st and 11th instead!
Service is shittttayyyyy!
Service here is getting worse and worse
Unlimited drinks and sushi for the incredible price of $25.
If you order for pick up and they tell you 10 minutes...they really mean 20.
$1 Draft beer/house wine/ house sake Sunday - Thursday
Buy one get one free drinks during happy hour
Do yourself a favor and just get 3 rolls for $10 rather than "all you can eat" for $25!
Must do the all you can eat & all you can drink.. Definitely worth the $32!
All you can eat and drink for $32. One of the best deals in in LES
Alligator roll.
shrimp tacos are really good
Good happy hour 5$ margaritas not too shabby but nothing to write home about.
I was treated like the Queen, that I am ... amazing HUEVOS RANCHEROS ... $3.00 beer ... awesome place !!
Any place you can get an alcoholic beverage and a brunch entree for under $10 is a-ok with me. Oh, the food is good too.
Love the fried oysters!
The service here is non existent.
Second time here and happy again.  Got to try the crab guacamole! Delicious.
They make their own tortillas!
Chips and salsa are an appetizer here.  Expect to be charged!
Realllly good mojitos
mahi mahi tacos > oyster tacos
Never go here. Very ill equipped for may 5th
For a taste of Mexico City, get the cocktel de camarón. Shrimp are poached and drowned in a satisfying mix of tomato juice, ketchup, cucumber and avocado:
The chicken burrito is pretty decent, especially if you're pretty hungry and so are the chips and salsa. I'd go back for sure!
Ivan mixes a great drink!
Food is delicious! Great frozen margaritas! Amazing guacamole. A must try!
The frozen strawberry margarita's are really good! They're a must try! The chips and guacamole  are really great! Thumbs up!
RIAZUL Tequila is the way to go! The best tasting Tequila out there.
The (nicely warmed) chips & salsa are good, but be aware it's tomatillo salsa. All tacos were great, especially the shrimp & carne asada options. Good local & cheap Mexican joint.
How did Melissa become the mayor? Lol!
They have gluten-free options! Tortillas are corn based. And their guac is really good!
Had a great time at Brunch. Good food at a decent price... I will be going back for sure.
The select wrap and the Santa fe chicken wrap are Amazing!
Burgers are Great!!!
Hot dogs cold and small
Location, location, location. Literally steps from Wall Street, this is an excellent choice if you’ve got business in the Financial District. We especially love those mini-fitness centers.
Nice, simple hotel in the heart of the Financial District! Pleasant folks, too!
Do NOT use the coat check or your laptop gets stolen. True story. If you make a fuss it might appear mysteriously on another floor. Also true.
Within walking distance of Brooklyn Bridge, Battery Park and 9/11 memorial
Hard to find if u never been here. Keep a watchful eye or you will pass it.
Award-winning writer Milda De Voe holds a free literary salon for fellow writers/parents on the 2nd Tuesday of each month. Sept-May, 7pm.
Staying with us? Enjoy Veuve Cliquot, VOSS Water and J. Lohr Wines from the in-room minibars.
Free Stella with first check-in!
Free Stella for first check-in!
The deal is only honored during happy hour.
best described as a hip library feel. note: the bathroom door is clear.
Blue  Horseshoe  likes anocott steel...gotta love Wall Street
Best roasted chicken downtown at their restaurant!
Slide into robe by Frette and enjoy the harmless brownie bite left in your room at night.
Enjoy Veuve Cliquot, VOSS Water and J. Lohr Wines from the minibar.
From the from of the house to the back - everyone is exceptional. My tip - just have a conversation and enjoy!
Award-winning writer Milda De Voe holds a free literary salon for fellow writers/parents - the 2nd Tuesday of each month, Sept-May at 7pm!
Stop by on Mondays from 6pm-11pm for INFLUENCE! Drinks and Good Music
GEKKO is about to take Gild Hall by storm...
Keep it classy and try a TY KU cocktail. Tasty low cal treat!
Nice hotel.  Classy and boutique but not snobby.  Rooms are big by NYC standards.
Great access to everything in Downtown Manhattan. For a free Shopping guide with hundreds of Lower Manhattan locations, visit us online at www.downtownny.com.
Guestroom amenities and services - All rooms will feature Custom made 400 thread count SFERRA linens, down bedding, flat screen TV,  iPod docking station and alarm clock, cordless handheld phone, Dean
If you're sharing a room bring enough newspapers to cover the glass wall between the bed and bathroom.
If you work in the garment district, stop by for lunch its delicious!!!!
Get the wings with gold sauce.
I definitely recommend the green tea chocolate lava cake and red velvet cupcakes!
Try the Golden Toast - Best seasonal item on menu. Lighter than it seems. #dessert #icecream #toast (via @Foodspotting)
As impressive and fun the whole menu is , most days I just want that delicious green tea lava cake ......   Don't forget to order one!
Try the mango sorbet with walnut soil topping. Absolutely amazing and heavenly. Makes me want to cry :) :)
Just get the lava cake and the toast. The other stuff are okay. The potato thing wasn't really great
So effin good!
When I took the first bite of chocolate green tea lava cake, it spurted warm gooey deliciousness everywhere. So did I.
The seasonal golden toast with condensed milk ice cream is a must!
I like the white miso semifreddo. Cupcakes are ok - not too sweet but could be better. They have 50% off the hour before they close.
The green tea lava cake was as delish as it sounds! All the flavor have a natural and clean taste. Tip: if you come an hour before closing all the cupcakes and cookies are half off
Try the Chocolate Green Tea Lava Cake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Oreo Macaron (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Peanut Butter Cookie - Nice and salty (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chocolate Chip Coconut Cookie  (via @Foodspotting)
Green tea molten lava cake is a must try! Loved it so much that I got seconds.
I love anything with yuZu. Mille feuille, Eskimo, or the elusive cupcake. Free wifi!
Try the Thai Milk Coffee (via @Foodspotting)
Great place for a group of friends (like 6 people) to get together and splitting 5 desert tapas, three macarons, & two icecream a/sorbets on a weeknight
For green tea lovers: Green tea lava cake, green tea-ramisu, matcha slush, and take a green tea macaron to-go.
Throwing a party? Forget sheet cake! Order from Spot’s catering menu
Love the unconventional dessert flavors here. Green tea lava cake is by far a favorite, but all the tapas are amazing - so get a bunch with your friends and share!
stuff in the pics looks gooodddd
Get the smile, it's free.
Taro bubble tea + tearamisu!
Try the condensed milk Ovaltine ice cream! Find out more here: http://bit.ly/ML7DQP
Thai iced tea is unbelievable. They also have an amazing fusion menu of desserts,. Not to be missed: coconut chocolate chip cookie.
Anything with green tea is wonderful.
Chocolate green tea lava cake. It will explode like a volcano in your mouth. The green tea ice cream accompanying the magma makes the dessert less hot.
Delicious pumpkin brownie-type dessert, and the chocolate green tea lava cake was great!
Desserts with an Asian twist, the choices are hard to resist. Go for the tapas option and order 3 or more. The Chocolate Green Tea Lava is one of the best, and the Green Tearamisu is creatively tasty.
Quality + decent prices in one of the best dessert spots in NYC. Don't miss the cheesecake with strawberries: it's a classic.
I just happened to walk pass this place. The best strawberry cheesecake.
If you are within walking distance, don't bother having dessert at the restaurant you're at, get it here.
Great gelato options
Fruit Supreme (brandy soaked cake w fruit slices top) and cheesecakes are excellent choices. But you MUST try their Black Forest cake :) rich moist cake & subtle cherries chocolate & cream. <3
Heavenly strawberry cheesecake!
Loved the zuppe inglese! Delicious rum sponge cake concoction. Pro tip: skip the line & eat there. Just go to the back and get a table
Ask to sit in the back, not the main section. It's nicer and quieter.
The best cakes!
great place for desserts, but i don't think there's a single savory item on the menu.
OMG. Best. Cannoli's. EVER!!!! I still dream about it..
The NY cheesecake with mixed berry is amazing!
Chocolate truffle BDAY cake fan
The Café where, in 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' Larry stops in Veniero’s to buy a French baguette that he would eventually use to beat a man attacking Ricky Gervais in the NY subway. Find out more:
纽约有家口碑很棒的意大利甜品、咖啡的百年老店：Veniero s Pastry Shop and Caffé . 1894年由意大利那不勒斯移民Antonio Veniero创办，如今Venieros早已名声在外，常年提供Cheesecake、Strawberry Shortcake、Fruit、Specialty Cakes、Cookies等等
A slice of Banana Strawberry Shortcake...oohhh..I'm drooling...
Yummy millefoglie and italian cheesecake!!
Everything is amazing. Oreo cheesecake. Need I say more
The pear-passion pastry is perfectly balanced and very tasty.
Overrated.
Connolis here are fantastic!
All cakes here are delicious. My favorite is the fruit supreme. If you need a custom size cake order it a couple of days in advance.
wonderfulllll
Was a bit disappointed with their cheesecake (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Wonderfull
Smells like heaven.
CANNOLI! Fresh, tasty. Amazing pastry store! Open late!
Try the Camiilia (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Torta Di Mandorle (via @Foodspotting)
Italian cheesecake, spumoni, dark chocolate cake = so good! Cannoli =not my fav.
Try the Baba Rum (via @Foodspotting)
Try the lobster tail pastry - Yeah, yeah, just, yeah (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sfogliatelle - The favorite (via @Foodspotting)
Best Italian ice in NY.
Trust me, order the egg cream. (It's a classic NYC drink and very few places know how to make it anymore)
Established 1904 as Caffe Pugliese, continuously family owned and operated. The storefront has been remodeled somewhat.
If you like your cannoli crust soft with a tiny bit of crunch, be sure to try their pistachio.
The pumpkin cheesecake rocks
The chocolate dipped cannolis are incredible.
A must visit for real pasteries
Free wifi, one perfectly shaded table out front.
I found the greatest cake/cookie/confection in this place; Its called a Pignoli Tart. It is a macaroon shell covered with pignoli nuts and filled with almond paste.
The medium ice is WAY bigger than you think - get the small, or eat the medium fast - it'll drip otherwise.
Don't go close 2 closing time on a sat night!
Try their Italian cheesecake and you'll never want American cheesecake anymore.
have the cheesecake-on-a-stick!
The owner is super nice and friendly and the food is delicious!
It may bear the same name as its sister on Eldridge, but it's definitely not the same. So bad! And they don't even have duck!
the best dumplings in new york city. period. bonus points for their great sesame pancake sandwiches!
Most people come here for the dumplings - Im here just for the Chicken Teriyaki and rice. Great flavor meets great price
If you are a vegetarian the vegetable pancake is a great choice.
Boiled dumplings take forever. Go with the fried if you don't care about being health-conscious.
If you come to eat. Get a chair first
Great veggie dumplings. They water down their Siracha sauce.
I had the chicken teryaki, which wasn't my favorite.  Next time I'll order from a different part of the menu.
Best dumplings north of Houston.
Roast pork scallion pancake wins.
Try the Wonton in Spicy Sauce - Hot and delicious! (via @Foodspotting)
Had a chicken teriyaki craving and it tasted like salt + chicken teriyaki loaded with salt. Soups and dumplings are awesome though, sandwiches are cheap and look really good.
Make sure to say "ni hao" to Vanessa. She's the Asian one!
Must have: roast pork sesame pancake sandwich. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Love the pancakes. delicious!
Good cheap sushi, a rare sight. Want something different, the beef sesame sandwich is very good. Don't forget to order your free miso soup with any order.
Killer prices. If you wanna fill up on buns, this is the place!
Their food is so good, the dumplings are great! Nice atmosphere.
The dumplings fall somewhat prey to a slower turnover rate than their Chinatown counterpart, but the sesame pancake sandwiches remain one of the best deals in town.
Cheap dumplings (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Hot & sour soup + an order of fried dumplings. Best $3.90 spent.
Like a price-conscious bird says, this place is cheap cheap cheap! They obviously do dumplings, but they also offer other standard azn fare (incl. boba). (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great place with great deal, just a little but unclean to me
Great place to eat. Fast service, good prices, great good, perfect bubble tea. And they have cheap beer!
Afternoon delight: chive & pork dumplings with vegetable pancake
Wonton with hot and spicy sauce. Yum!
So cheap (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Inexpensive. Quick. Good.  What else do you want?
The name say it all. Can't beat the dumplings
The other location is better. This one has seats and more choices but more annoying students and higher prices
Awesome customer service, delicious food. Wish they used paper plates instead of Styrofoam plates.
Love this place! Awesome falafel!
Delicious hummus, fresh veggie toppings and beautiful mushroom and almond falafel. Highly recommend it.
They are out of FALAFEL. 'Nuff said.
Healthy, tasty, fresh & plentiful. Yum!
This places BLOWS. They wouldn't take a KGB coupon I purchased FOR THEIR LOCATION. Obviously horrible management and poor communication. Take your falafel business elsewhere.
Falafel pita joint.  Solid option for a quick and casual, yet healthy and tasty lunch.  Embodiment of what modern niche fast food should be.
Really awesome mexican food. The price is good too, with various today's specials. I also tryied their sangria with blue berries on top, and it's the best one I've drunk.
Great views from the penthouse suite! The PETA protestors can get a little loud outside, though, because of all the beds are giant turtle shells you climb inside like a tent.
Love that they have a whole wheat tortilla option for burritos and quesadillas.
The Green Tortuga burrito w/broccoli and spinach is quite tasty and 10lbs.
I had heard this rumor these were the folks who owned Curly's Vegetarian Lunch and its TRUE! Finally able to have my fav vegan Mexican food again & there are still adorable pictures adorning the walls
Great Mexican food. Order a pitcher of frozen sangria for the table. Sweet but delicious!
Spotted: a roach
Try the huevos rancheros tacos!!!
Sangria is bomb-mine came w blueberries...mmmmm
Their mole sauce is amazing. Great menu. Groovy atmosphere. Good deal!
great food and amazing frozen sangria! and super cheap!
A great find!  Salsa is excellent, chips are good and salty and the entrees are a good value!
Dined here with family. The staff was patient with my vegetarian order. Love the grilled vegetable in a burrito bowl and the sangria that came with blueberries :) LOVE.
Order a horchata (or sangria if you're in the mood) and the chilaquiles w/ a fried egg. Your hangover will cower in fear.
Our Friday tradition. The nicest people, the greatest nachos, overall best!!
Owners were nice. Food was pretty bad.
Get the frozen sangria, it's excellent with tacos!
Forget the awesome food. Order the frozen Sangria!
A really cool place.What I really like about it is that it has a good number of vegetarian options to select from. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Very healthy tasting Mexican food. Usually not a fan of healthy tasting food, but it works here. Lots of vegetarian options. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Food was good. However i found it rather humourous that the server corrected my pronunciation of "chilaquiles" and then proceeded to fuck up my order and bring an enchilada. No so smart now huh?
No, Hotel Tortuga is not an actual hotel. Yes, the Mexican restaurant was fashioned after an imaginary 1950s hotel in Acapulco. That's just the vibe the owner got when he took on the space.
GET IT YOURSELF TORTILLAS AND SALSA!!
fish tacos are great, so is the super veg burrito. also can't go wrong with nice owners like david!
Huevos rancheros tacos are kinda amazing. So are any of the chicken ones as well
Vegetarian Green Tortuga Tacos...awesome
Help yourself to all the DELICIOUS chips and salsa you want. Fantastic service, yummy vegan chow. Soy chicken mole burrito FTW!
Great food, had a burrito and it was amazing. Awesome 90's hip hop and r&b playing, free chips and salsa and not to mention BYOB!
The quesadilla with portabello steak is yummy!
Try jarritos Mexican soda - especially grapefruit flavor
Find cake balls dipped in a variety of toppings at this new Chelsea bakery
Awesome falafel!
Lunch is free today if you upload their app!
The falafel pita sandwich is amazing.
Check in 3x and get a free intensive sparkling white eye mask from Hong Kong.
The tuna avocado appetizer served in a light soy sauce? It's extremely fresh and delicious and you need to order it.
They do Japanese Brunch on Saturdays & Sundays.
This is fantastic place if looking for fret Japanese food away from usual "scene." Of particular note is enthusiasm for sake - show any interest and you'll be taken for full tasting tour.
Try having a variety: sushi roll to start. The garlic chicken and beef as a main, and the cake with green tea ice cream for dessert. Delicious!
Order the fresh tofu appetizer the second you sit down as there'll be a wait. Get the fried chicken and shabu shabu salad to start, then uni don, miso cod, and pork belly. Go big or go home, right?
Tofu is the best thing I've had here
The Uni Soba, a cold noodle soup with plenty of sea urchin and salmon roe, is delicious: makes you feel like a whale shark tasting the ocean.
Homemade tofu nommmmm
Their citrus dessert sake is the bomb! Also if you are coming here look for Yvonne at your service.
Definitely try the freshly made tofu and the black miso cod
Get the black sesame ice cream, it's absolutely amazing!
Got Tofu? Yaki Shabu (thinly sliced washugyu short rib cooked table-side on a hot stone) Got Specials? Monthly “fish heads, eel bones & beer” dinners, chef Abe serves a menu of crave-worthy dishes
The freshly made tofu, with some really amazing soy sauce, is absolutely heavenly
A large open space that still feels intimate, it's a great spot for date night, and traditional Japanese home-cooking.
House made tofu  is a must-get. Try the chef tasting menu "Aozora". It 's amazing!
Some of the best cocktails I've had in the city. Small selection but they squeeze all their own ingredients. Food also solid. Loved the shabu shabu salad and the toro sushi. Avoid the fried chicken.
Absolutely don't miss the fresh scooped tofu, and while it requires a wait (i.e., order this first), the rice clay pot with salmon and roe is a solid choice too.
Must try karaage! So juicy and tender! But honestly you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
Perfection. Fish lovers, go for the saikyo miso black cod. SAIKOOO!!! Check out the Meiji style private rooms upstairs;)
天井高くて、雰囲気最高。手作りとうふが！
The garlic shiso fried rice is awesome.
Absolutely GORGEOUS interior that is matched by the excellence of the food. Try the Seppun drink (with or without alcohol): shiso, grapefruit, yuzu.
Their dinner menu, of course, is delicious. But try their Sat / Sun only brunch. Highly recommend steak and eggs or the uni soba.
EN Japanese Brasserie435 Hudson St. (at Leroy St.), New York, NY 10014Japanese Restaurant, Sake Bar
This place is great, and food is soft and bring my senses. Plus.. I recomend la esquina at la fayette st close to spring subway... Very nice margaritas.... Stairs down
I love their tofu. So custardy!
One of my favorite place to dine...  not only is the ambiance cool and comforting, you need to check out the Clay Pot dish with Salmon...  It's to die for~~~
The hot stone beef is superb.
This one is dedicated to Jeff Koenigs - the best sake friend I have!
Uni roll. Shabu shabu salad. Yellowtail collar. Garlic fried rice. Fresh tofu. Pork shoulder. Must eats. Mushroom soy hot pot.
The apple oat scone with maple glaze is amazing. Soft and sweet but not overly so!
Vegan Chocolate cookie is so good and reach! But they charge 50 cents for tap water!
GET THE STRAWBERRY LEMONADE!!!
Wonderful lemon polenta muffins
Try the iced green tea, it's amazing and I'm usually not a big fan of ginger
great coffee...friendly counter
Best Cookies in the World!!! ❤
The chocolate chip peanut butter cup is amazing. Soft, crunchy, and chewy goodness.
Essential NYU: Order cookies to be delivered to your dorm/apartment. Only counts if you order after midnight.
Secret tip: get the snickerdoodle cookies and dip them in Magnolia Bakery's banana bread pudding. Your taste buds will neve be the same.
The S'more cookie is the leader on our site. Let us know what your favorites are!
try the peanut butter! delicious.
so yummy and thank god they deliver!
Tasty cookies! (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They deliver any time (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the brownie with cookie dough on top. It takes five minutes to make but it's amazing!
This is a chain! There's another one in like Murray Hill! I didn't know! It smells like cookies inside, too!
Total disappointment. Waited two hours for six cookies that were soggy and greasy. We had two and threw the rest out. A waste of time, money and calories.
Best at night!
Double chocolate chunk heaven.
SMORES OMNOMNOM
Smores & Mint Chip cookies = HEAVEN IN MY MOUF
Peanut butter cup deluxe ... worth it!
La que elija deliciosa
Get the white chocolate macadamia cookies! (via Scoville)
White macadamia cookie is luscious!  Can't go wrong any way with a $1 cookie.
Really good cookies. Plus the majority of them are $1. Great deal and open late, worth stopping by if you're in the area. Recommend the white macademia and the double chocolate.
the sugar cookie will change your life
Cure insomnia in Manhattan with a late night cookie.  Only $1!!!
Peanut Butter Cup!!!  (drooooool)
Best cookies in town
Best peanut butter cookie ever!
Don't be afraid to try the snickerdoodle....peanut butter cup is probably my favorite though :)
delicious. if you're ever walking around in the neighborhood, stop by and pick up a giant chocolate chocolate for $1. they also deliver (late night!)
Litterly, the best!
Double chocolate chunk!
Get here right around noon to beat the rush!
During the winter stand in the sun while you wait
Come here on a rainy day because A) it will make your day better and B) there won't be a wait.
'crack' sauce is placed on everything.
black bean burrito + jalapeños = win
Only place to get a decent burritos in New York. But be prepared to wait...
Get there at 11:45am to skip the long line, and add pickled jalapeños to your burrito.
Lines can be long be well worth it. Ridic burritos. Chipotle who?
Con 3 dolari si mangia un taco gourmet. Gormet vuol dire niente altro ch buono, fresco e senza salse a caso.
Try the pollo verde rolled quesadilla with crack sauce!
Add pickled jalapeños to your burrito!
Gotta get the carne asada quesadilla with the crack sauce
Best in town. My favorites are the Carne Asada Burrito, Pork Quesadilla, and Black Bean Burrito. Add some crack sauce for good measure.
Cover everything in crack sauce!
Chipotle pork quesadilla is so good and served with crack sauce, which holds true to its name. Get it.
Call ahead!!!
40 Minutes and waiting. Not good for a short lunch break
The line is super long during work week lunch. If you go either go really early or not o at all.
Cholula packets are game changing
Best outdoor lunch steps away from the Bollare New York showroom. Try the #1 rated taco truck in NYC. Hipster cooks who are super friendly make your food while you people watch in the park. —Sara
Order anything and you won't be disappointed. Seriously fresh and well made. It's a long wait but most things that are good take time.
The best Mexican food in the area; super fresh and fairly inexpensive.  I recommend getting crack sauce on everything and anything they serve. -Mike H.
Officialy, one of the best food carts in town! Great mexican food.
Editor's choice for best Flatiron Lunch in the 2011 Readers' Poll.
The chipotle pulled pork tacos are excellent.
Love the pollo verde - chicken with bacon bits & avocado in tomatillo sauce..mm
Pork burrito is underrated.
Its the best on a rainy day -- no lines!
Get the carne asada taco or burrito!
Best carne asada tacos in town, hands down!
Too expensive for a mediocre cupcake.
Try the Peanut Butter Nutella cupcake - Peanut butter cake topped with Nutella frosting and filled with Nutella (via @Foodspotting)
You must try the  Crème brûlée cupcake
Ummm... Dare I say better than crumbs? Be still my heart:)
Pumpkin Spice is only seasonal but it may be the best cupcake I've ever had
Essential NYU: Come here for the board games.
Go to Molly's to instantly remember those days in elementary school when friends brought in homemade cupcakes as a birthday treat. – Dana
1/2 off before thanksgiving
Cream cheese icing... AMAZING!
$1.25 per cupcake, with vegan options!
The creme brûlée cupcake is UNREAL.
Try the Mini Vanilla Cupcake With Vanilla Frosting - Very moist. Love the frosting. It was cream cheese frosting on the sweeter side. :) the lady was super friendly.  (via @Foodspotting)
Coffee is good. My cupcake was a little crunchy on top... Not my favorite despite being made of two things I love: peanut butter and nutella. Should've gotten peach cobbler. Looked good.
Sit on the swing seats, they are so much fun!
The women who work here are absolutely beautiful! I will definitely return!
Buy 11, get the 12th free!
All of their cupcakes are to die for!!
Sprinkle bar let's you have all the sprinkles your little heart desires!
Creme brûlée cupcakes are perfection.
Get the creme brûlée -- the sugar glaze is actually crispy.
The cake batter and cookie dough are awesome!
Cake batter cupcake y'all. It is eyes-rolling-to-the-back-of-your-head good.
If you're undecided, try the peach cobbler. I had it once, and it blew my mind.
Wow, that was a religious experience
This place blows Magnolia out of the water.
Cake Batter!
Peanut butter nutella filled cupcake, sounds like a match in heaven but way too dense, rich and sugary. My fingers were covered in grease from holding the cupcake.
CAKE BATTER CUPCAKE
Try the peach cobbler cupcake, it will change your life!!!!
Try the Cake Batter Cupcake - Cake cake cake cake cake cake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fish Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
NYDD Pick-me-up: reBar's standalone coffee counter goes by the name of reBoy (formerly known as the Coffee Box) and is a go-to for many whether it's hot or iced. Give it a go!
My go-to for morning coffee on weekdays, but private events sometimes disrupt the weekends.
Don't call it ReBoy.
Some of the best coffee in the area, and a self-serve stand off to the side ensures quick service even during the morning rush.
Sarah Reilein is both my god and the devil.
The baristas double as matchmakers. Tip them well.
These girls make my day daily.
This place has THE BEST MUSIC PLAYLIST EVER.
You should try grilked octopus, delicious sauce ::))))
Honey and ricotta crostini are to die for. Seriously.
Has round tables for groups of 4-5 = LOVE
This place has absolutely no idea how to talk about, serve, or manage wine. I've never seen such amateurs.
Brussel sprouts! Brussel sprouts!
You can't go wrong when ordering any of the crostinis...try them all! they're delicious
Holy balls! Get the panna cotta with rosemary and honey. I love everything here but hard to love anything more than this.
Awesome food !! Just stay away from the broccoli rabe
Blonde waitress is rude rude rude.
Food was fantastic.  But service is bizarre.  Another rater described it as passive aggressive.  I would add they se eager to push you out door, often removing plates before you are done eating.
Everything here tastes amazingly fresh. The pork ragu pasta is incredible.
Pasta here = #fail
Talk to the Armenian bartender, he will make you laugh!
Always best when you are with your boy Kevin
Mmm...brussel sprout crostini!
Try the pannacotta with honey and rosemary. One of the best I've had in the city.
sit at the bar for the best experience! great wine list, even better pastas!
TAKE great care of Corrine.. a tweetin superstar
Meatballs. Get them.
Paninos looked good. Meatballs were decent. No meatball shop meatballs, but pretty solid for brunch. Check in for a free Bellini! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great for lunch. Unhurried. Interesting, imaginative cuisine. Near home :)
The brunch is delicious.  I recommend the scrambled eggs with asparagus and prosciutto and fontina
Order the ricotta & orange honey crostini.  To die for!
The fusilli with lemon, scallions, chili and pecorino romano is out of this world!
The pasta was average, the attention really lousy. The waiter couldn't even bring the correct gelati.. Don't eat here!
The best tagliatelle with pork ragu and mint
Belllini's are amazing!
Brand new for fall - Trofie al pesto- mwah!
Linguini with clams.. Excellent!
Food is extremely salty here. Dont order the blue fin tuna and udon.
I don't normally complain about drinks, but our party legitimately had the worst drinks we've ever had. Beware of the cocktails!
Roasted edamame and turkey meatballs?! Yes please! You won't be disappointed by this please!
Best edamame ever. Make a reservation through savored to get 30 percent off. Service isn't great but the drinks are. Foods alright.
Order the 18 yr Yamazaki. You won't be sorry.
Get the edamame and the chicken meatballs.
Enjoy an excellent cocktail from some of the best mixologists in NYC. Or an expensive scotch like me!
Get the asparagus tempura, and short ribs.  Both amazing.
You have to try the cee st Cocktail. Premo.
Awesome food experience def check it out. Also rsvp only...
i love the market vegetables and the bacon mac & cheese is unreal
smokey mac and cheese with bacon is money
Best Brussel sprouts I've ever had
Anything on the veggie plate is amazing. Sweet potato fries are perfect. Tofu and polenta are amazing also. Don't miss out on the chicken tenders if you feel like skipping your "diet" :)
Can never go wrong with market sides and pork chop.
Really great fresh food. Get the specials list for farmfresh veggies, cooked any way you like them!
The Mac & Cheese is insane!
Small and cute, but packs big flavor. Everything on the menu is worth trying!
The market vegetable menu is to die for - get a plate of 4 as your meal.
Did you mean to search 'WaitVille'?
Just get the burger, don't screw around.  This could easily be #1 -- certainly my go to.
Adorable and delicious. Veggie burger was awesome. Sweet potatoe fries were soso.
Best Turkey Burger & Mac and cheese in the city.  I get the Turkey burger with bacon & Cheddar, YUM!
Corn on the cob = Amazeballs
get the 4 market sides for $15.  great deal!
So delicious... especially their sides!!!
get the mac and cheese. with bacon!
Steak sandwich is legit....
Service is great!! Food amazing!! Try the steak with eggs!!! Ufff! Sooo good!! :)
Combine hometown diner with the West Village and you get Westville.  Try any of the pies.
Great brunch except for the long line and loud
Kind of can't go wrong w/ anything, but the turkey burger is the best in NYC by a mile
Best Greek salad in manhattan. Add chicken or shrimp. You won't be disappointed!
Pork chop: meh. Salmon: AWWW YEAH!
Amazing Turkey Burger.  The beet and goat cheese side is excellent, too.  Go with a small group or be prepared to wait a LONG time.
I love this place.  affordable.  cool.  delicious.  (and can get pick-up, and maybe delivery)
The rainbow trout covered with almonds and avocado (usually on special) is excellent and very filling
turkey burger one of the best i've had - moist, well seasoned and delish! pick up order was ready in 10 minutes and they'll even call you when it's ready.
One of Lauren Weisberger's favorites, the Market Vegetables is definitely a go-to meal.  Be sure to get the Dijon Brussel Sprouts, Parmesan Artichoke Hearts, & Herb Roasted Cherry Tomatoes!
Chili and market sides -delicious!
Organic quinoa salad, smoked tomato bisque. And amazing Mortedelli Mousse. Crostini a must!
Surprisingly amazing coffee
It's all about the lamb tacos...
Great hospitality and wine.
Amazing food, even better wine.
Portions are teeny, but everything's delicious! Carmelized Brussels + Thai mussels
This place is out of business!
Great selection of wines and light shacks. Not to mention generous pours! -Zac Young, Top Chef Just Desserts
Ask Bobby Khorri or Joe about the wine list and the secret stash of School House & SeaSmoke, or just have a great Malbec or Ella's Blend from Napa. I love reds...
Had a great burger and a San Giovese. They have good wine list and full bistro style menu with a Raw Bar.
Seriously damaged by Hurricane Sandy...hopefully they can get back soon because this is the spot for A+ baked goods
Quiche is amazing!!!! Fresh OJ:)
Adorable French bakery!  Tried the almond croissant after reading everyone's tips and it didn't disappoint!  Chai latte is also perfect on a chilly day.
The almond croissants are so good they'll melt your face off in deliciousness.
Be there early on the weekends for the best selection.
the BEST almond croissant ever. EVER.
I go early in the morning, when the staff is not dealing with the tourist rush, and I can get the best muffins in town (try raspberry!).
Croissants are on point, and the croque monsieur, made with a croissant instead of bread, is an immensely tasty gutbomb of epic proportions. Yum!
OMG, the black currant macaron...
Almondine Baguette
Try the almond croissant! Whether it's studio-wide treats on Fridays or the spread at Creative Mornings, the croissants here are delicious. We've also been known to pick up a few cakes for birthdays.
Veggie soups for days.
quiche, croissants
Jacques Torres's bakery picks up where his chocolate shop leaves off—with fruit tarts, muffins, and macaroons, concocted by partner Hervé Poussot, plus sandwiches on organic bread.
make preparations in the room if hungry
This charming French patisserie serves eye-catching treats. Seating is limited to five tables and a breakfast bar, so arrive early—you may be able to score an almond croissant before they run out.
Cash only!
Gray and rainy days feel like Paris when coupled with an espresso and eclair from Almondine.
Their chocolate eclairs will make you think you are in Paris.
So they have great pastries and coffee that's basically rocket fuel, but the most overlooked item is their soup.  Made fresh daily and delicious (if a bit pricey at $5 a cup).
almond croissants --worth it!
Yummy meringue
If you see the muffin sized pretzel balls come fresh out of the oven, just go ahead and get it. Delicious with or without cheese (Swiss I think)
wonderful macarons
sadly this place is nothing like a French bakery...smells like heaven, tastes like grease.
Euro-tourist magnet. The best sandwiches sell out early.
Cash only!
Missing that little cafe you loved in Paris? No need to wait until your next trip, enjoy a cafe and croissant or macaron at the quaint Almondine at their romantic Water street location.
One of the most charming spots in Dumbo. Get macarons and pastries and eat them in the park under the bridge.
Get there early in the morning. When the goodies are gone - they are GONE!
After 30 minutes we asked the waiter to check on our meal & he tells me It takes time. The table next to us sat/ordered at the same time & finished their meal already! 1st time walking out of a rest.
HORRIBLE place! Waited a half an hour for our food so asked them to check on it & they wouldn't. All the other tables had already finished. We waited a bit longer but still nothing so we walked out.
Great food, not so fantastic service. Such a cute cafe.
Great spot for brunch - the corn pancakes are delicious!
The fresh corn pancakes are delicious.
One of the best cappuccinos in the city. Absolutely perfect.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Low key, quiet, and amazing food.
Low key, quiet and delicious brunch
Hands down, the best latté in town!
Try the seats!! So sexy ;)
Try anything chocolate. Duh what else? Black sesame salmon is a must try!
Black sesame salmon is amazing
Try the classic pork ramen and gyro over rice
Try the restroom . It's very comfortable !
I've been here before for Dinner and was quite impressed. Lets see what Breakfast will be like. Enjoy the smells of chocolate all around!
Butterscotch shake was awesome!
The salmon thingy was just awesome =D
Choose normal food and a sweet drink rather than dessert, but if you must, go for the waffles
The chocolate chunk pizza is highly recommended, it's too heavy though I could barely finish this. Oh and the thick Italian hot chocolate is YUM
Italian hot chocolate with milk chocolate beats the cold
Kobe burger and French fries was really good. The chocolate pizza was better after being in the fridge for breakfast the next day!
Chocolate chai is delicious if you want to try something different other than hot chocolate!
Love max Brenner the Italian hot chocolate is delicious..and for winters it's perfect..the fondues are nice..the crepes and waffles r nice..it tends to get pricy but the experience is worth it..
The chocolate at Max Brenner is creamy, delightful & delicious. No wonder Max decided to become a chocolatier...
their hot chocolate is my 2nd favorite after the City Bakery's
HORRIBLE customer service!!  They never should of sold the place :/
Used to be amazing but the customer service has shot to shit. Crowded, no assistance and a rude 'bartender'.
Served in a specially designed "hug mug" to be held with both hands. They can make adult versions/flavors as well for that extra bit of warmth
Only indulged in the evening? Come visit us in the morning and sip on a Kangaroo Cup - a special cup designed to honor the close, long lasting relationship between coffee and chocolate.
Yummy.  Try to avoid the major busy times 7-11 pm, Lunch in great.  The Brenner Burger. And Fondue dessert.
The Tiramisu cocktail with French Brandy and freshly brewed espresso with creamy milk chocolate is sinfully delicious!
Si vous voulez jouer la carte de l'originalité, prenez une part de pizza chocolat "roasted marshmallow" ;)
Order the chocolate chai tea it's amazing!!!!
Superb place, love the white chocolate  cheesecake crepe, white hot chocolate, the melting chocolate truffle heart cake n shake ....Very nice and a must visit if you drool over the word chocolate :)
ΔΟΚΙΜΑΣΕ ΤΑ ΠΑΝΤΑ ΑΠΛΑ! Fondu au chocolat, chocolate pizza, straight to heaven
They give you chocolate to put on top of your chocolate, which you can then dip in your chocolate and follow it all with a chocolate chaser.
The Chocolate Hazelnut Crepe w/Strawberries is AMAZING!! Get it nxt time you are here. I ALWAYS DO..
The waffle sandwich is amazing!
While you should try most everything on their menu, their mojitos are not one of them.
Slow cooked glazed shallots...nothing compares to you.
Drink: players club. The name lets u know it's going to be good. The bartender... I fell in love @hello. Food, I had the steak, Mac & cheese, ppl don't lie. It was divine! I'll come back for all 4 ;)
Mac and Cheese. Enough said.
Order the Mac & Cheese, dump out the Mac & Cheese, then eat the leftover cheese baked to the sides.
Highly recommend the cheese plate w/ a glass of Oregon Pinot
Great happy hour every day from 5-7. Do not skip the mac & cheese.
Great happy hour, every day from 5-7. Do not skip the mac & cheese.
One of my favorite happy hour spots around. From 5-7 weeknights, house infusion cocktail changes daily and is $5, glass of house red or white wine is $6. Great atmosphere. Service varies.
Great call by four square explorer tool!  Perfect for a glass of wine at happy hour prices while waiting for friends.
Happy Hour Everyday. 5 - 7pm. $5 wine, $6 infused cocktail. $7 food.
Not family friendly! This place sucks it!!!
Nice atmosphere and still pretty undiscovered so easy to get a table. Perfect spot for strong drinks and tasty snacks like a cheese plate or brussel sprouts. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Hunting Trail...can't beat bourbon and beet
Drinks here are awesome! Try the crooked knife; it put a smile on my face :-)
The Mac n Cheese is the best in the world!!
The hunting trail has the consistency of vomit. But great atmosphere and fab cheese!
great happy hour deals. mac & cheese and wedge salad were de-lish.
Hunting Trail cocktail - makers, beet puree, maple syrup and lemon. Divine.
Grilled Cheese Martini
Happy hour from 5-7 daily. Strong drinks!
I mean. Avoid the food. The drinks atmosphere and service are outstanding.
Food is basically salt with cheese. Avoid.
Try this drinking game: take a sip every time the subway rumbles beneath the restaurant.
If you like great service and "salt" more than flavor - eat here.
House cheese plate with Thai chili dipping sauce FTW. Top it off with a Cherry Whack.
The "World Famous" Mac'n Cheese us good enough for 4 people. (Or one hungry person)
The candles are so pretty!
Great place for happy hour, a first date, or a large group for small plates and drinks. The mac & cheese with lobster is a must-try!
cozy almost rustic atmosphere, good happy hour specials. Great place for a date or to unwind with friends.
Super chill atmosphere, amazing cheeses with great pairings, and a fantastic wine list.
Cheese is delish! Have to order the Mac&Cheese! Try the mushroom one! Amazing!
Fabulous surprise! Their duck is probably best in the city!
ok. do not f*ck around. get the duck, and get a bottle of  chateauneuf du pape (charvin maybe?)
Whip out the credit card! A favorite fancypants place for 4 reasons: chef's complimentary snack-etizer & dessert gummies, epic wine list, Merguez + Farm Egg, & the seasonal ice cream / sorbet dessert
This restaurant is amazing! The wine list is pretty expansive. The staff knows their wines and can pick up on your likes and dislikes pretty quickly. Ambience is five stars! Can't wait to come again!
Excellent, if expensive. Cosy dining room, great wine, tasty American cuisine with French inflections. We loved the vast crab salad ($19) and the fluffy warm madeleines ($12) for dessert.
Hearty dishes with ample portions accompany the extensive wine list. Cozy and personal, friendly, welcoming service. Magnum Mondays feature special glasses of wine for $25 a glass, worth every sip.
Bite for bite some of the best food I've ever had in the city. Must try the beef in transition and the crab salad!
I am completely over the moon about the pastry chef. Don't get me wrong; the dinner was exquisite. The desserts are supreme on a global level. Thank you Emily!
Though it was one Michelin star, it's still underrated. Wine list, service, and food are spectacular. Have the Wooly Pig and the Deviled Eggs.
The evolving wine list is the star here, which barely outshines the stunning Seared Scallops, Beef in Transition, Wooly Pig, and the Warm Apple Clafouti.
Try the Pain Perdu (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Wooly Pig (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent wine list. And the "Dark and Stormy" dessert is great.
One Michelin star.
Emily Wallendjack is the pastry chef, completely gifted and passionate about cooking.  Definitely worth a visit!
The donuts are to die for
Incredible food, woe and ambiance. Try the pea gazpacho, the morel salad and the pig; pair it with Hartford Court Chardonnay from Sonoma.
Beef in transition is epic
Have a glass of something Rhone-ish up front, then head to the dining room for spinach salad, Wooly Pig, and the “Dark and Stormy” dessert.
Best wine list!  Delicious lamb.  Great service.
I love stopping in late for a nightcap...the staff is quite entertaining!
cool, sexy new space, crab with peppadew starter, amazing breads, see photos here:http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=272592&id=765634189&l=fadaeddd92
Ocean and land app with bone marrow is amazing!
If you've ever enjoyed bread pudding (or not) the cranberry bread pudding is THE orgasmic experience you need in NYC!
Excellent wine list!
Pappy van winkle bourbon is amazing
43 E. 20th St. (bet. B'way & Park Ave. S.) 212-353-3700 - American (New)
Some of the best arancini I have ever had!
veal meatballs!!! and Spanish octopus!
Huge portion of mussels, plenty to share if ordering for two. I ordered the butternut squash agnolotti, which was amazinggg but could've definitely come as a bigger plate.
The Dutch Old Fashioned. Do it.
Go for the appetizers--hearty, and rich and go well with the fine selection of beverages. And it's pretty busy, which is a good thing for its popularity.
Delicious arrancini!  A must get with with spicy tomato sauce and pecorino :). YUM!
They have biscuits and gravy for brunch. And it is amazing.
Secret Menu Item: "pork three ways," using cuts from Fossil Farms. Order in advance.
We want for the amazing pink peppercorn brittle and the awesome cinnamon donuts with pineapple. They are no longer on the menu. The new menu is horrible don't bother. Went and left!
Grub Street off-menu dish: Large-Format Pork. "$76 dish for two ppl, but it could easily feed more. (You can generally order this simply by walking in, but call ahead to guarantee its availability.)"
S'mores pie and ice cream sandwich were 2 of the best desserts I've had in 2012.
Popular spaghetti and meatballs dish is just the right size: not too much (fresh) pasta, and 8 small meatballs.
Don't leave without ordering the scotch egg. Ordering wine? They'll let you taste first.
The Finocchietta salumi (pork, fennel) is great.
Start with the wyagu beef tongue. All of the pork belly dishes are amaze.
Guinea hen ravioli with ramps and kale wasn't good at all. But toasted cornbread with rhubarb was great
Pineapple fritter is a must have!
The french toast is perfectly crispy and gooey on the inside with a citrus marmelade to give it a little twist.  Hint: it's disguised under a pretentious "brioche pain perdu" name.
Always be getting the "Breakfast Bourbon": maker's mark, *maple syrup*, grand marnier, OJ. Maple syrup, people!
Great place for a business lunch. Impressive food at the right price and wonderful service.  Caution against the BLT, unless you have the biggest mouth in America, order something else.
Get the pork chop and/or the veal and ricotta meatballs
Craftbar works for everything from a quick meal on the fly to a hearty dinner with friends. We like to come for brunch–the portions are perfect, the vibe is laidback but with it, and...
Bowl of mussels was delicious but should come with more than just 2 slices of bread.
Empezando a celebrar común Pinot noir rosado
This is some of the best breakfast sausage that I've ever had!
Great tapas / smaller portion place to go ~$60
Service seems a bit rushed.
The desserts are the best. Nod to the pastery chef!
don't miss their homemade ice cream and sorbets
Risotto balls are killer. Anything pork-related is also killer.  Jalapeño cocktail, however, leaves much to be desired.
A mainstay of the Wall Street community for 30 years. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
The Funkin Monkey smoothie is delicious!
Best way to get a healthy meal on the cheap. Try their egg white wraps in the morning or grilled chicken with fresh veggies for a clean lunch/dinner.
Try their Tilapia
best tiramisu
Celeb sightings galore! They have this salted fish mashed potato polenta app here that's so different from anything I've ever tried... in a great way.
Go for the hype. Food is average, at best.
The scallops with grapes and cauliflower are lip-smackingly good.
Spotted at a holiday meal: Larry David.
Lemon spaghetti and brussel sprout salad mad good.
my favorite tiramisu in the city
The bread basket at brunch is a cornucopia of tastiness
Sit outside on a lovely afternoon and start out with blood orange martinis. Work your way towards lambrusco and close it out with their meatballs. Go home and pass out with a smile on your face.
Sit at the bar.
The baked eggs in a skillet for brunch are amazing especially on a nice day and a table outside! For pasta the lemon pasta is so simple but incredibly delicious. Great for sharing!
Love eating outside here! Its hard but say no to the bread basket-- there are many other better things to splurge/ cheat with here!
Delícia de lugar, de comida, de atendimento! Amei :D
Fried olives are delectable!!
Baz loves Morandi!
Friendly bartenders. Try the summer spritzer!
RUSHED RUSHED ... Don't go if a special occasion
Order the Burrata!
Sit outside, get a bottle of chilled Lambrusco and enjoy the scenery. Great at any time but baked egg skillet for brunch is delish!
Birthday diner - party!! :)
E - Prime patio for gorgeous morning brunches. The location is the reason to go. #bruncheducation
whole-wheat pasta with sardines, wild fennel and walnuts, fried artichokes with lemon
2 words: lemon spaghetti
Pici al limone. Get it.
Whatever you do, make sure to try the side of sausage with your brunch order. It's unbelievable.
Great salads. Amazing chicken and fish.
Though perhaps not of the same caliber as his famous brasseries, McNally scores again with this venue’s solid menu, romantic ambiance, and quaintly charming décor. The weekend brunch is a solid hit.
Keith mcnally rox!
Ur nutz no to get Fresh donutz
Get fresh donutz ha!
I always get the chicken bacon ranch on whole wheat with pickles, olives, sweet peppers, lettuce, and honey mustard sauce. Yeah, there's a lot going on there, but it's good! #fb
peça para ver o jogo da noote, se der sorte tem TIMÃO ao vivo em NYC.
The restaurant is known for its Saturday brunches with live music, dancing, and dishes like feijoada, the traditional Brazilian stew made with beans, beef and pork.
One of my favorite barzinhos in NYC! Great Sagatiba Caipirinhas
The first and only Cachaca bar in Manhattan, great cocktails, excellent vibe!
Very cool brazilian spot in Tribeca, order batida de maracuja or batida de coco, DELICIOUS!
Awesome Cachaca bar.....but do yourself right and order Sagatiba for your cocktails. You won't regret it!!
Everything here was excellent. Definately worth your time and money, EXCEPT breakfast. They're just not set up for it. Takes 5-7 min at buffet to get eggs because they have to cook in oven/flame. No c
The white sangria with lime and jalepeno was unexpectedly good! Worth a try.
They have a 4pm-7pm hapy hour same deals as above.
From 10pm to close (every day but Saturday), get $4 drafts, $5 sangria, $6 wines by the glass and $7 specialty cocktails, such as the bourbon-based Peppery Pear.
The lamb sliders and calamari with spicy peanut sauce are both excellent! Explore the small but inventive cocktail list as well.
Fill up on the three-course lunchtime prix fixe for $21.
Best moon pies
Ask for a red velvet lemonade.
Go to Royale pastry shop and get a dark chocolate cupcake.
Not sure what you want to drink, then just speak with Jeremy and he’ll concoct the perfect cocktails. Our East River was a perfect compliment to the thumping music!
Jeremey makes the best drinks, just let him know what ur in the mood for. Hrs a winner!!!
The service here is great. They were out of a few items on the menu that we asked for so they brought two extra apps. And it was a bit warm, we said something, they turned on the A/C. Top spot in LES
Side to your dinner: Seriously good music from the dj
Try the steak tacos!
Had been looking forward to the East River cocktail with Swedish Fish but they were out. And the service was horrible.
Not so much.
Eel anagi buns & salmon blinis is the way to go! The eel buns are better than the pork buns at the Asian fusion spots.
The brunch is amazing here!
Custom wallpaper by Shepard Fairey - To-order custom infused bottles - incredible cocktails - awesome atmosphere - GREAT cocktail spor
With decor by nightlife guru Steve Lewis & a menu that ranges from wild nettle barbajuans (ravioli) & fried pickles to black pudding & a plate of cookies, the place is as eclectic as the hood it's in
Steve is an awesome, knowledgeable wine steward. And he loves Italian wine. $7 happy hour wine special is stellar - they offer a great red and white.
Maybe one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had.
Meat and cheese platters are delish!
Try the Wine!
$4 beers and $7 wine at the bar for happy hour. 4-7pm.
If you don't like super dry reds try the Garancha. Really good stuff!
One of the best date-night locations in NYC I've ever seen!
Good wine, good food but salty, busted waitresses.
The wine list is filled with dozens of bubbly delights ranging from an aged Dom Perignon to a well-priced cava from Penedes, Spain. Pair your glass with a plate of cheddar, taleggio and brie.
Get the cheddar clothbound cheese. Amazing with any wine. Don't order the fish and chips, it's subpar.
Very off the beaten path, very nice wine list, good meat and tantalizing happy hour!
Try the Crab Fritters and spot it on Foodspotting!
Cute place! Huge wine selection and tasty cheese platters. I really liked the cheese from Wisconsin.
Wonderful wine selection, try the bacon & blue cheese pizzata as an appetizer. Great date spot.
Please carry abita light again!  I miss it!
Great "scene". Lots of area so perfect for a date or just getting together w/ friend. The pizzas are delicious, but try the beet salad, you won't regret it.
They claim to have a tuesday happy hour from 8 to close but some waiters are unaware despite a giant sign downstairs that confirms it. Be warned...
Ginger behind the bar is as hot as the spicy edamame
They'll put a cucumber in your Hendrick's cocktail, not a lime. I love that.
Free wifi (NoHo)
I have no idea what a "Piccolo Latte" is, but it appears to be a delicious and slightly more potent cortado.  Just try it.
Come early for an awesome assortment of Doughnut Plant doughnuts
They now have almond milk!
Good iced and hot coffee.  Also have dp doughnuts but no creme brulee. ;(
doughnut plant! doughnut plant!
These guys definitely know how to pull a shot!  I wish I was more around this area to be a regular!
These people are so nice. Makes me not wanna ever buy a coffee anywhere else. Oh and get the Tres Leches doughnut -- it'll change your life.
Check out the whimsical shop downstairs, sure to "light" up your imagination!
The gochiatto is a revelation...
I miss the vintage light shop that used to be here, but the coffee shop is a good addition to the New York coffee map.
They use Counter Culture coffee. Its amazing much better than Le Colombe in opinion. People that work here are really nice too. They could use better tunes though.
Bergamot Sage Tea FTW!
Doughnut Plant doughnuts to go with your coffee
Counter Culture done well.
Ethiopian blend espresso rocks! Try it soon.
This spot used to be a vintage lighting shop. You can see some of the remnants scattered about.
Be sure to grab a doughnut. They're from doughnut plant!!
It's spelled "Bowery Coffee" but it's pronounced "Coffee McJohnny's".  And it's good!
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
Just come and enjoy
This place is the worst. Horrible service, go somewhere else.
‘Commune’ over to New York City’s Paris
Honestly, not totally impressed. My commune salad was good, but the chicken soup was so-so, and my dining partners were not thrilled with their steak frites, mussels, or chicken.
Horrible!!! Don't go
like and like this . . .
Mari mengupii
Hmmm, apaan nih
yummy..........
I just had a New England clam chowder here because I was heading elsewhere for lunch. It was delicious! Great service, too!
satu cangkir berapa ya..?
amazing place !!!................
Such good crispy bacon.  Cooked perfectly so that the fatty parts are crisp and light at first bite, then melt in your mouth.
Enak nya makan minum di sini. Cobain deh...
Head downstairs to the sexy new Rouge Wine Bar for a pre- or post-dinner glass(es) of champagne!
Dave the new bartender and cusine advisor makes some wonderful drinks try the cucumber collins and any of his nightly speical entrees are a hit
it's sooooo Yummy! :)
"The Oscar Wilde" is deeeelish!
Paris Commune is open:Sunday through Thursday for dinner from 6:00 to 11:00 p.m.On Friday and Saturday nights, we’re open until midnight.Brunch is served on weekdays 11.00a.m. to 3.00p.m. and we
Long waits for burgers, cheesecake, gingerbread, but hey—revolutions take a while. -Andy Cohen, Watch What Happens Live!
Don't go during a snow storm: the service was off. The food wasn't as good as I'd hoped: maybe it was because I'd just returned from Paris?
Get the fresh gingerbread - worth a wait!
Slow service!  Ugh
the mussels!
Bloody Marys are weak here, avoid at brunch
Service was terrible - food even worse. Will never go there again and suggest you don't waiste your time or your money. Now I know why it was empty on a Friday night -YUK!
Great chilled spot for Eggs Benedict on a Saturday morning
Pizza tastes like bleach
Waaaay overpriced. Tip: find a ¢99 pizza place nearby instead
may just be the beat pizza by the slice in NY right now. try the pesto.
Cheap pizza. Fancy chandeliers.
Stopped by after an event at Gaslight. Such a cute place and the pizza is delicious!
If Village Pizza (around the corner) is open, run there! Otherwise this pizza is only acceptable if you're drunk.
Get the pesto slice
Seriously, fuck this place. $4 for a 1-topping slice? You should probably go... anywhere in the city, at all. No saving grace, the place legit just needs to go away.
A bit over priced for NYC pizza, but decent quality. Especially if you're drinking in the area.
Definitely like the chicken ranch pizza... But if u don't mind walking a couple blocks, go to Joe's on 6th ave and bleecker for the best slice
This is a meal on thin crust. It's heavy, filling, cheesy and tasty. I like more sauce on it but if your not a fan of heavy sauce you will love it!
Fresh mozzarella, sauce, pizza ....thin crust and soooo good
Best pizza!
Pesto slice is awesome.
Pesto pizza! You should try it if you're close... :)
Bacon/ranch slice is off the hook when fresh
Due Amici is gone; this place is here. The pizza is still not good. If you're looking for a great slice, skip it. If you need a quick bite, it'll do.
What happened to Due Amici? Is the salad bar still there?!
bacon ranch pizza.
brick oven pizza it's delicious
Get the Mexican hot chocolate!
Awesomely friendly. Best patrami sandwich.
Fast and friendly and clean.
Try a Bai blueberry!! Yum!
Gotta love the $4 omelette platter!
best deli out and have everything healthy
Bacon, egg and cheese in the morning here is glorious. Made with loving care for sure.
Order
Ridiculously friendly
Really cheap, and unusually good for a cheaper pizza spot too. If you're subsisting on $2 and under pizza, this won't taste like it.
Surprisingly good hole-in-the-wall pizza; perfect for grabbing on my way home from work. They have a chicken/bacon/ranch slice that is just absurd. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
$2 plain slices
Chicken parm slice is great, don't sleep on this spot
Seriously. One of the best slices I've had.
Had a slice of pepperoni and sausage and it was pretty fucking amazing.
great pizza , sweeter sauce and only $2 dollars a slice
Try the Pizza!
The BEST pizza in New York. Plus the guys here are the friendliest around. Love my neighborhood spot.
A beacon of proper flavor in a sea of mediocre pizza.
EXTREMELY sweet sauce. Rosario's on Orchard and Nonna Apa on Clinton are much better options.
A comfortable neighborhood pizzeria with some of the best slices south of East Houston. $2 slice.
yum
slices are only $2!
Chicken brocoli pizza is the way to go!
Friendly service. Above average blueberry flapjacks.
Snow pea leaf dumplings and congee with your favorite ingredients (dried scallop, bean curd, and sliced fish). Don't forget the fried dough for your congee.
Order the crystal shrimp wonton noodle soup w/o the noodles. They will give you a bowl of broth and wontons with delicate, smooth, and soft skin.
Had the hot pot special for $26 excluding tax&tip. Includes appetizer, drink, hot pot stuff, and dessert. Hot pot was typical but I left fully satiated mostly from the awesome pan fried dumplings!!!
Their wontons and dumplings just taste off to me- beware.
Ordered a beef lo mein. Confirmed that it wasn't the noodle soup. Got home to find out it was... Check your food before leaving! All 3 dishes were bland as well. I'm usually a fan but not this time.
Braised stew beef over rice is the bestest!
Possibly the most valuable Chinese restaurant in NY, acceptable price, tasty food. Beware: cash only
The pan-friend dumplings are a must!
Креветки на пару в рисовых блинах очень.
I always get the wonton noodle soup. It's great.
As close to true Hong Kong style food you can get here in NYC
Large tables in the back for large groups. Pretty good food. They have another location a block away on Elizabeth street.
Cheap and fantastic
Great congee and baked rice, large portions for everything!
Not a fan of the dumplings..at all
Pan fried are really tasty!!!
Minced beef baked with cheese over rice is boss
Best cheap hole in the wall in Chinatown. XO spicy fried chow fun (extra spicy) is one of my personal faves.
The Baby Yu Choy with Garlic is one of my favorite, fill my green quota nicely
My cousin makes fun of me because I always come here for the Japanese style dumplings. Their congee portions are humongous so I would suggest sharing. Really cheap and really fast service.
One of the bests Chinatown's restaurant! Cheap. Try: chicken dumplings
I ordered the udon and it says you can make it hot/spicy for an extra .55 cents.. All they do is squeeze a whole bunch of hot sauce in the bottom of the bowl. I do not recommend.
Andy loves the teriyaki chicken even though this is not a Japanese restaurant..
Japanese fried dumplings are awesome.
Try delicious dirt cheap breakfast specials from 8 - 11 am daily!
Always new dishes on the menu!
The best are #s 7, 22, 137, 140, 141, 145 and 148
AMAZING: Pan Fried Noodles, Congee sliced fish, Japanese fried chicken, Pork fried dumplings. DON'T forget to try the chilli sauce..words can not describe my love for the food at this restaurant.
For an authentic taste of Chinese food (sweet & sour pork-NOT), try their new Wild Duck with Chestnuts clay pot. Not a lot of duck, but so flavorful!
Order the Pork, Shirmp, Parsley Wonton Noodle Soup, amazing and it will warm you up!
Ruthless efficiency. Hard-working mofos.
If you love salmon and cream cheese they're lox cream cheese is a must :)
Avocado Cilantro Cream Cheese!!!
I love how they give you lots of cream cheese. Best bagels ever!
Try the Avocado Cilantro Cream Cheese
Craaaazy cream cheese flavors like avocado cilantro and grilled mango.  Bagels are better than average.
This place is terrible.
The Egg Salad sandwich was phenomenal!
This must be what gods eat after a night of drinking
Get the western omelette platter with whole wheat toast! You won't be sorry. Sooo gooood!
They charged me .50 for ice...really?
Everything w scallion tofu
So many options so little time!
Tofu cream cheese..surprisingly great
Egg sangies are a clutch hangover cure
Make sure you check out all the cream cheese flavors in the window BEFORE you order or you'll be severely disappointed.
Nice bagel with garlic cream
I come here for the onion bagel, nova, with a shmear of scallion cream cheese. LOL
$3.99 for a hamburger, French fries, and cole slaw? I'm glad they haven't realized they're based in Manhattan.
Great for any meal! Breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
Great bagels but never have nesquick
Their fresh squeezed OJ is delicious.
Get the egg and cheese on a whole wheat bagel
try their grilled mango cream cheese!!
Any cream cheese you can imagine AND the ones you can't.
Jalapeño cream cheese is awesome on a spinach bagel.
Vinny goes here... I'd stay clear of it
By far the cheapest breakfast specials in New York, yet very delicious. You can get an omelette, toast, and home fries for $3.95
Best bagels in nyc-- beating Murrays or H&H
Chipotle cream cheese - get it!
Beef over yellow rice with lots of white sauce!! I'm late to the game but don't you miss out too.
Love their mango flavored yogurt. But not as good as Red Mango in East Village.
Watch out for the bitchy chicks impatient to get their ice cream on.
Greatest champagne and white sangria!
Back room of Cafe Select, everyday from 7pm on
Waiting for some food? Check out http://bit.ly/UrZSmA while you wait!
Great tuna tacos for appetizer. Not the largest menu of you aren't a steak or red meat eater. Darkly lit and hard to talk over the music but great looking crowd and room to move around
Try the Dry Aged Côte De Boeuf - Spetacular flavor tenderness and sweet crust. (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing steaks (no surprise, it's a steakhouse after all). The popovers are airy and delightful. Upstairs is great for large groups and events (watch out for that tricky staircase though).
Amazing steaks (no surprise, it's a steakhouse after all). The popovers are airy and delightful. Upstairs is great for large groups and events (watch out for that tricky staircase though).
Try the Seared Sea Scallops With Pureed Cauliflower - Perfect.  (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Savannah-- you won't be disappointed
Put this in your plate: Tuna-tartare tacos or blue-crab cakes, roasted chicken, French-toast bread pudding. Note: The Moscow Mule cocktail here is a worthy competitor to the Russian Tea Room original
Every single appetizer and side dish are worth trying. The Sweet Savannah is the best cocktail on the menu. And you can't go wrong with ending the night with the Carnival for Two dessert. Trust me.
Mmm. Pork chop and mac n cheese
Time for a Tiger (Beer)!
Ouch. This place has gone downhill. Sad because I still like the decor.
If you have a reservation at 8, expect to wait 1.5 hours- terrible
Try the crab cakes and Branzino
Ahh the old Lotus, my 1st nYc DJ home. How I miss u!
Truffle Herb -Parmesan Fries
Trendy spot with decent food, but go for the crowd
They do a great jack and coke lol
Filet and Brussels sprouts are amazing!!!
Every Thursday...
Mac and cheese to die for
Bad Service can ruin a meal, but the ingredients were excellent
the watermelon drink was outstanding
Great patio for a cool summer night
The pork chop is life-changing.
Digging the mushroom risotto? Check your food in on Foodzy.com to stay fit!
Sit upstairs - its quieter. Branzino is great and so is the carnival dessert.
Truffle fries...Heaven!
Great place to get your night, out on the town, started with some terrific cocktails, tuna tartare tacos, roasted chicken and, of course, their amazing french toast bread pudding. Thank us later!
I had a great Birthday dinner with good friends such as Diddy, Andre Harrell & Russell Simmons. Order the meatball app is the bomb..Mark & Eugene are the Best!! sent over a huge seafood platter Thx! C
Check your bill. They'll automatically add gratuity on the total rarthe than subtotal. And then look at you like you're crazy for questioning it.
buffalo chicken roll is AAMAZINNGG
Crispy crust and not too greasy.
Nice hangout place.
So im an idiot, but the staff here is amazingly nice as well.  Made a whole pie for us just so we could try the buffalo.
Buffalo chicken pizza is amazing. Also the syaff
Pizza is Awesome... After Clubbing. Check it out!
Skip the lunchtime lines at chelsea market & grab a salad here instead. Never a wait!
Don't listen to anything vitas or glenn say both r lying....
the dj during the week ROCKS
If u get there late the wait is ridiculous. Decent music.  ok venue. Two djs on the same floor.
Try the buffalo chicken pizza
Get the buffalo chicken pizza...the best in the city! Their made to order chopped salads are also tastey!
Good place to go on the weekends. Sometimes a line. Coat check downstairs is clutch.
Awesome music!!!!!!!!!
This is a lounge that loves everybody.Birthday parties are a big thing here as these guys will accommodate music and seating requests for the right groups.
After 10pm this is a great place to dance! Wed nights with DJ Will.
Try the yummy cocktails and pizza/pasta/salads
good pizza here!!!
This place is cool for afterwork drinks, but how the hell does a bar in NYC get away with not serving Guinness?
They make a killer vodka tonic, no joke. Can get crowded on the weekend.
this place is awesome
get a cheese slice and enjoy the loud music
excellent food & mezcal and always a dance party late night
Sample size food! Very small portions but full size prices... The food is good thought.
Order the jalapeno margarita, some fish tacos and then go upstairs for a night cap at Apotheke.
Oh sorry, I didn't realize you were filming an episode of "Girls".
The music in here is awesome. No problem with doorman if you call ahead. The drinks are super tasty. We were totally surprised by uber cool ambience of this place. This is my new secret spot. ;)
Head to Apotheke - an unsuspecting speakeasy next door for after-dinner drinks.
A dim candle lit place that bumps Slum Village? Make sure you being your lady-friend.
Great food, Great drinks and awesome stuff, what else you need?
Pork Belly Torta with a perfect Michelada.
pulque!!! salud jajajaa
Watermelon cocktail: Watermelon Margarita with watermelon, lime, agave and tequila
This trendy spot makes an amazing fermented agave drink called pulque which is soo yummy and unique. Reservations typically required from my experience...
Don't be swayed by the scary door to get in. Try the pumpkin seed dip. Though this place is thoroughly hip, their entrees are still enough to fill you up.
The food and drinks are great but the service is atrocious especially for large groups.
the pineapple bomb is so good you'll want to eat it.
Get the spicy grapefruit margarita with extra habanero.  Delicious for those of you that like spice in your cocktails
FYI, the Moda vieja = old fashioned.
Try the pumpkin Seed Dip. It's amazing.
Try the Cocktail - Best Cocktails in New York!  (via @Foodspotting)
Fresh guacamole, where else can you get pulque?  Sikil pak is a pumpkin seed dip that is SICK!
Their version of a dark n stormy has tequila - it's delicious. Don't miss the sikil pak, mole tostadas, or the elote
Push on the unmarked door, and beeline for the house specialty, pulque. Try it infused in a curado of jicama and lime:
music in the lounge on the left. gorgeous gorditas. magnificent Michelados. hotness on Doyers St
A cocktail a day keeps the doctor away. Try a BULLDOG and tonic.
Amazing date spot. Highly suggest it.
Delicious! Fun, hidden, underground Mexican restaurants with the best guacamole I've ever had!
Tostadas de Atun. So good.
Avoid like bubonic plague.
Riazul Tequila is flowing freely!
nice food!!
Serving Balthazar pastries!
The guy who makes the sandwiches makes a lot of witty comments- He's cool.
My favorite coffee shop in NYC. Great meeting spot
Best latte in NYC, made with fresh dairy from a nearby farm, Turkey focaccia is a must try
The staircase leads to nowhere...
Cozy place that serves a solid cup of coffee and good snacks and paninis.
If personally spotting Matt Bomer here ISN'T the best part of this place, they must be doing something right.
Look for Manny, she makes an ill pour over. This place also sells craft beer at very reasonable prices.
I had a cup of coffee. Hope it doesn't make me a rich, smug a-hole. Oh, that coffee was fantastic by the way.
This place does NOT have Wifi contrary to some posts. bummer!!!
quiet | small |
Nice nook but the staff is consistently rude. Also, heads up: They insist on a $5.00 credit card minimum which I find off putting when all you're looking for is a $2.00 cup of coffee.
Cute place. Good eats & Sweets.
Great simple coffee.  Warm and cozy inside
Representing Millerton NY
The Big Smokey Panino is tasty (although their sandwiches are a bit overpriced). Baked goods are high quality. Skip the hot chocolate.
Toasted everything with scallion cream cheese accompanied with a cup of coffee is a pretty sweet start to the day.
No wifi; i.e. fantastic reading/ study spot.
Coffee is brown, hot and has caffeine - drink with care and love.
Sinful delight!
Cookies are bomb, but ask when theyre baked
No wifi...but GOOD coffee.
very cute, but then again everything on Irving is.
Get the sinful delight -- iced or hot. Both are amazing.
Great coffee and pastries! Fast friendly service too!
Can be very crowded on weekends--hard to get a table!
One of my favorite coffee shops in NYC. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Coffee!
$5 for a small latte barely as good as my fave drip coffee. And thanks for telling me you only have one size
Sinful delight + raisin roll are a great combo. always bring cash, sometimes register breaks down.
Eavesdropping consistently reveals this to be Manhattan's most pretentious coffee shop. That said, the baked goods are slammin'.
Friendly staff. Good food, great price. Try the Miso Ramen. The absolute best!
Ditto to every tip! Makes my day as much as watching videos of a popular cat of the same name.
The guys who work here during lunch time are THE happiest and friendliest people ever. Makes a huge difference.
The proprietor couldn't be friendlier. Order the bibimbap. It's terrific and cheap.
Not a place to dine-in. Staff is very friendly; sushi and udon are great!!!!
Sushi stick  everytime!
So nice! Gave me miso soup on the house
Try the snack size chicken teriyaki and rice (I get the white sauce or the spicy mayo on top). For 3 bucks its    A steal for fast noms. And the staff here is the nicest ever!
Just amazing to-go sushi and udon place - and I'm pretty picky on sushi. Get tommy or dragon rolls.
He always asks if you're gonna take the train so he knows how to package it. Nicest guy. Probably ever.
The staff here is so nice it's creepy. I almost feel like tipping even though it's a to-go spot.
Great sushi place for great price.
Love the udon here!  Staff is super nice and friendly.
The staff is SO friendly it's almost creepy. The rolls are original, fresh, and always delicious.
Spicy veggie gyoza udon is to die for. I've died for it dozens of times.
Best Sushi at the best price in Chelsea.  Always fresh, always delicious and the best and nicest staff. Two thumbs up!
New phone number: 646-724-0508
The handrolls are made to order.
Sylvia is everything New York. Lovely lady.
The chawan mushi is yummy
Michelin 2012 ★
The splotches on the painting are actually eel sauce that got sprayed on the wall.
Awesome sushi- total hidden gem. King salmon nigiri is off the charts.
Get the omakase & sit at the bar!  Be sure to buy the chef a beer.
Excellent. Small place.
Very nice quality sushi restaurant in NYC.
The best seats in the house are at the sushi bar. The chef’s omakase starts at USD 100; if you wish to really taste the finest the house has to offer, give your sushi chef carte blanche.
downstairs, away from it all. omakase. the denshu is great as a companion.
Sit at the counter.  Toto-san in the man!
Best sushi around.
Large Scoop of green tea ice cream: not that large
Excellent omakase, but don't come here with anyone obnoxious. Ruins the entire experience.
This is best Sushi restaurant in NYC I ever had. Please order "Omakase course". That is very reasonable.
One Michelin star.
Spelling should be SUSHI AZABU. See listing under that name.
The wagyu beef is absolutely brilliant.
let terado san wow you with the variety of sushi. end the meal with matcha meringue roll that melts in your mouth.
Do the omakase. Sooo good!
Go downstairs and sit at the bar. Let them order for you
Go with the sushi or sashimi omakase here. You surely won’t be disappointed. - Inspector
Best service but this place can't be the best place in entire NYC
Intimate & authentic. Warm service and cold sake.
Very uneven service and food.  Far from the best in NYC.  I would settle for sometimes the best below 14th St, but not reliable enough. Not much competition in Tribeca.
Get the omakase, it's one of the best in NYC.
Highlights were the fatty tuna and king salmon sashimi, butterfish grilled collar, smoked wagyu nigiri and fruit meringue roll for dessert. Everything was out of this world!
Amazing uni
Best in the city.
Omakase. You won't be disappointed.
Jenny chung lisa tan and yee chow smell
mushroom ragu is & truffle pasta! I think it's seasonal and it's glorious. porkchop is juicy and tender- cooked to perfection with small sweet and spicy bell peppers with it! GET THE CHOCOLATE GELATO
Let Cory handle your cocktail needs while enjoying some wonderful pasta dishes like the mushroom ragu.
Tip: Cheese geeks, take note. Try the exotic housemade stracciatella garnished with bottarga. Read our full review: http://bit.ly/Y1eqBN
Get the straciatella, grilled octopus and tripe for apps and pork chops and tagliatelle as entrees. Top it off with the olive cake. Such an amazing meal!
Os crepes são perfeitos, amo demais
If you're a carbonara-lover you'll be in heaven. Consistently delicious yet not too heavily sauced, just the way I like it! Carpaccio is also a winner. Can't wait to try everything else.
Love this place. Food is good and pretty cheap. Service is great.
Great service, great food, great vibe. I love the pasta and bruschetta. I don't know why peeps b hatin.
communal table, warm tribunal, slurp ladle, pungent aperol, effulgent, priapic, bold, bustling street, nuzzling, fleet, house pasta, roust, basta, fresh bruschette, fully fleshed, louche getup ...
Highlight is the jamz
Start at the bar with a Negroni Sbagliato.  In dining room, start with the salumi board and a bottle of red - you can't go wrong!  Also, it's best if Jason is the dj....
A relative of another Italian restaurant.  Get the Penne Vodka from this place...unbelievably good.
Great mojito. Grazie!
Spaghetti carbonara; papparadelle with prosciutto, mushroom & pink sauce or the fusilli salmon with sundried tomato in a pink sauce - its aaall about the pasta here
Its like 'Cheers' for house music people. The bacon wrapped shrimp is like a party on your palette.
Skip the steak and go for the pasta.. pappardelle and a glass of red does it.
The mayor recommends the penne alla vodka (ask them to go light on the cream) and the fusilli with bacon and radicchio. Oh, and the shrimp wrapped with bacon.
Cheap eats, smaller portions, lots of wine, intimate scene.
A great neighborhood joint. Homemade pasta, full bar and a lunch/happy hour from 4-7
Live here
at Mangiami
Amazing hole in the wall. Home made italian. Mmmmmm.
Love the cool&friendly candlelight atmosphere of this very small Bar/Restaurant. I've been there just for a drink, so I can't say anything about the food..
Worst steak ever. Totally not edible- stay away!
Food is decent and reasonably cheap, taking cues from Pepe Rosso. Happy Hour 4:30 - 7:30 (9 on Mondays) with $5.00 drinks
$10 lunch special; like Pepe Rosso but with sm salad to boot
Wine is better than the food.
The food is great, but the servers are unattentive. Be prepared to wait.
carbonara is amazing
Love their Early Bird breakfast special!
Best Cuban sandwich I've had in NYC thus far!
Very affordable (read cheap eats) and delish. Very sweet staff and good company.
Friendly staff all the time!!!
Sloooow at 4pm
The Fish Tacos were delicious but the Cactus Tacos were chewy and flavorless.
"The internet is really really great" "For corn!" "I’ve got a fast connection so i don’t have to wait" "For corn!" "There's always some new site," "For corn!" "I browse all day and night" "For corn!"
Get the corn and the chilaquiles verde for brunch. This place is awesome.
They basically pay you to eat the huevos rancheros here. They're solid, and the cheapest good lunch you can get in Soho: $6.50.
Mexican grilled corn. what more can you say about this place?  Grilled steak sandwich is also good! Be ready to wait for a long time and crammed into tiny tables.
Make your own omelette! Chorizo, mushrooms, peppers and feta with hot sauce just made my morning!
magic corn, mango daquiris
Best place for solo eating: you can sit at the bar, the people watching is always entertaining, and you can get steak and eggs anytime of day.
Try the Grilled Corn (via @Foodspotting)
We were three to unanimously agree that this place serves the best corn on the cob we've ever had. Try it. The Mexican firing squad is also delicious.
You MUST try their grilled corn, if not... you're missing out. It's to die for.
Avocado and White Cheese torta ($8.25)
Get the corn.  Obvi.
Mexican corn. One order = 2 pieces of corn. Totally worth it
Mexican corn is the best I've ever had. Other stuff here (burritos, etc) are overrated.
The grilled corn is like ecstasy on a stick w/cheese ... Oh and throw in some fish tacos for a complete meal!!! :)
Every.Single.Time I walk past this place the queue is out the door. Now I know why. Give it a go and make yourself a regular.
The roasted corn and chicken salad hits the spot. Fresh, delicious, and those crispy fried tortilla strips don't hurt.
Grilled mexican corn is a must.
Great place to grab the best Mexican corn on a stick! Before or after a show at nearby Webster Hall or Irving Plaza
Overrated for dinner, but great for breakfast. Get there before 11am if you don't want to wait, and get anything with eggs.
All you need to know: Call ahead to order the Cuban Sandwich and Mexican Corn to go. Boom.
Cheese and avocado burrito is very good. Eat one NOW
Get that grilled corn on the cob
The chilaquiles in a tomatillo salsa with black beans are an excellent brunch dish, and reasonably priced.
Nowhere near as crowded as its Chicago siblings, despite being in Union Square.
Omg. The mediterrean sandwich is so good. Hummus and feta with veggies. Delish!
Make sure you grab an Oatmeal Chocolate Chip cookie, they put crack in it, possibly Molly too!
Simple. Turkey & Swiss on Whole Wheat = Delish!
As good as chain fast casual gets. Only Chipotle can compare when it comes to ingredient quality and consistency. Italian with everything, bag of Zapps and a fountain made Arnold Palmer is the winner
The mediterranean sandwich is phenomenal!! Now I just have to try to recreate it at home! Highly recommended!!!!
As a Chicagoan I'm so happy this is finally in NYC! Smoothies are heavenly and my friends are obsessed with their dream bars.
Love the coffee milkshake!
Word to their Pizza Sandwich!
Get the Mediterranean sandwich with hot peppers and experience a glimpse of Heaven long before judgment day.
im leaving another comment since this is seriously the best food place ever. so much love! came in after their closing time and they were still so friendly and helpful <3
Roast beef on multigrain! Sooo good.
Sandwiches are good, but I wasn't too impressed with the side salads.
Everything's good here, but my staple is a wreck on white, everything no mayo no mustard. Pick up a sugar cookie with it to get the savory/sweet combo down :)
Best sandwich shop in town! Or ever! Never forget the hot peppas! Yum
Oreo milkshake.. So good! And yes, the hot peppers are a must. Makes me miss Dallas, TX
Haven't lived in New Orleans > 15 years still buy #NOLA products when I see them Zapps Chips for sale here
Superslow staff...takes forever
Decrease your caloric intake and get thin cut bread. 1/3 of the bread left off
Roast beef sandwich. Hands down. Also the pickles and milkshakes are the jimmy jam.
Free cookie if you check in with Yelp. (Late Feb 2012.)
Get the wrecking ball... Shh!
The absolute best chain sandwich place around. Fresh cold cuts and amazing milk shakes are their forte. If u like meat try the Wreck or Pizza. Always toasted always delish. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Chicken Salad with hot peppers is a score!
yummy cookies
Helps this Chicagoan when homesick... now we just need Portillo's & Lou Malnati's to move east.
Best sandwich in the city. Waited 6 years for it to come to NY. Get mini oatmeal cookies to finish the meal. You won't regret it.
A Brooklyn sandwich chain that does toasted sandwiches rather nicely.  There isn't much seating, but the staff is friendly and there's live music at lunchtime.
Pizza sandwich is delicious!
Live music during lunch, and it's really pretty good.
Halfsteak Nachos was on The Best Thing I Ever Ate
Don't tip. It doesn't go to the people who work there.
Try the Curry Fish Balls - Very basic made to order. (via @Foodspotting)
Cheap eats.
Cheap eats
make your own noodle bowl! you can pick the types of noodles and the toppings to your taste. super economical. i luv adding a fried egg.
Get the ramen noodles plus two toppings = that way, it won't be TOO expensive for a bowl of noodles. YUM!
Decent breakfast/brunch meal sets. +$0.50 for hk style milk tea when ordering with meal
They have afternoon specials from 2:30-6:00. You can get satay beef & instant noodles with a hot drink for $4.50.
Mix it up! Add random meat and veggies into your noodles!
Yum!! Adding this to my list. Good place for Chinese/hong kong food fix.
Tried their hk style milk tea, not very special but cost $2 for the tall size.  Will not come back in the future
Wow they raised the prices 50%!
Cash only.
Spicy fish balls, tofu, and choy sum with udon noodles hits the spot!
Ask for the "Free Toppings" card! It will get you 1 free topping every 15th, 28th, 37th and 45th topping!
I Have my ramen like my breakfast, eggs and spam, yum
They have one of the best authentic hong kong-style milktea in NYC!
Try one of everything
The pudding milk tea is heaven.
Buy 1 get 1 free promotion that runs EVERY day. Also can get it sugar-free (instead of only sugary pre-made options). Take that, Vivi's.
Buy 1 Get 1!
The organic aloe Vera white tea series is amazing. So refreshing.
Their chocolate milk tea became an instant favorite! Try it!
Try the cuttlefish balls
Best Passion Fruit Green Tea!!!
Try jasmine!
It's called Oh Two Five because of their logo. Rock, scissors, paper (the game)
Citron slush is delish
Special lemon ice tea
Try the jasmine bubble tea!
since your here try the snow shaved ice and lychee slush with jelly!
The pudding milk tea is heaven.
Buy 1 get 1 free promotion that runs EVERY day. Also can get it sugar-free (instead of only sugary pre-made options). Take that, Vivi's.
Buy 1 Get 1!
The organic aloe Vera white tea series is amazing. So refreshing.
Their chocolate milk tea became an instant favorite! Try it!
Try the cuttlefish balls
Best Passion Fruit Green Tea!!!
Try jasmine!
It's called Oh Two Five because of their logo. Rock, scissors, paper (the game)
Citron slush is delish
Special lemon ice tea
Try the jasmine bubble tea!
since your here try the snow shaved ice and lychee slush with jelly!
Tuna burger is just outstanding!! Must be visited place in NYC!!;)
The mimosas are fantastic and the food is delicious. Not a bad price for brunch.
Jeremy is a great bartender!! Sit at the bar!
This place has really good three course menus for only 26$. Try the Yellow fin Tuna Burger with the special Wasabi-Aioli it's verry yummi!
Very tasty beef and tuna burgers. Sit at the bar. Take care of Jeremy and he'll take good care of you.
Jeremy is the BEST bartender! And the tuna burger rare is to die for.
Revive with the green tea with a hint of coconut!
This place is plainly lovely!
Order the Bourbon Baron.   INCREDIBLE!!!
The Watermelon Salad with chicken is devilishly tempting!
The Tuna Burger is awesome but music in this place is not the best :)
Please try the PB & Banana Grilled Sandwich! You Wong regret it
Poached eggs over brown rice- delicious!
Very clean! Proudly displaying that Health Inspectors "A" in the window!
Smoked salmon panini is AMAZING.
Not sure what dessert to get?  Get the *bread pudding*!! If you don't think you like bread pudding, it will blow your mind...
Try the cucumber basil Collins, it will taste like someone hit you in the mouth with a bush at the botanical garden :)
Must try the Berry Peculiar...best drink ever!
Been coming to this place for 8 years now, every incarnation has been lovely. I remember when they had booths against the walls. I like their new fine(r) dining approach but I miss the seasoned fries!
I want to high five the grass fed cow this burger came from.
For dinner, can't go wrong with the gorgonzola ravioli
Great place to have lunch.
The creme brûlée French toast is the best in town!
Mac and cheese is magic!!!
Order the grass-fed burger. Delicious.
Best Tuna Burger in NYC
Grilled PB and Banana Sandwich! Yum yum yum! Sooo good.
Don't wait for a table... just eat at the bar.  Faster service and the bartenders are awesome! Especially Jeremy and Adam!
Tuna burger rare is excellent.
The truffled mac n cheese is soo good!
Duck pancake, which is more like a sandwich than a pancake, is the best $2 snack in the LES. (h/t Ari from CultureFix)
four decent chive & pork fried dumplings for $1 is a good deal; $2 for four mediocre fried shrimp dumplings is not.
Cheap, homey, delicious!!! My standby is the wonton noodle soup for a hearty meal. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
$1 for 4 dumplings. A cheap snack anyone should try at least once. Make sure to layer on the soy and Sriracha sauce.
Super cheap. 4 Fried cabbage and pork dumplings for $1 and I got a bag of 50 frozen to cook for myself for $10 (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It's hard to spend more than $6 a person at this place. Dumplings are the way to go and 8 for $2, how could you go wrong?
Best dumplings on the Lower East Side
4 dumplings. $1. And they're amazing!
Get some frozen dumplings to take home!
Cheapest way you can possibly eat in NYC. The dumplings are delicious. Best new addition to the LES in 2011.
Fried veggie dumplings FTW
Get the frozen bag and pan fry at home...50 dumplings for $10!
Buy the dumpling bags and it's even cheaper
Delicious sesame pancake and pork and chive dumplings.
cheap.  and no crowds!
These dumplings are like crack. Can't stop eating them. My dip recipe: soy sauce, satay, fish sauce, chili pepper, white pepper, and a few drops of sesame oil.
Try the pork boiled dumplings. $2 onl
Sesame pancakes.. Yum!
Not a big fan of the noodles as they are quite bland. The vegetarian boiled dumplings are the best. Best!!!
4 dumplings for $1!
Don't get the Zha Jiang noodles, its just spaghetti with meat specks. Otherwise, dumplings are great!
Tried the vegetable steamed dumplings. Were tasty and made to order, however a tad small. Vej sesame pancake wasn't cooked all the way through and only had julienned carrots and cilantro. Letdown.
Sooooo cheap and delicious. A great addition to the neighborhood!
Pork and chives dumping are as good as vanessa's, but the beef stew noodle soup is subpar. Noodles are mushy, skimpy portion of beef and soup base is so-so.
8 dumplings and a veggie pancake for under $5. Awesome!
"David Chang [tried] to create a new breed of Asian-American comfort food, but... the formula doesn't work." - Lizzie Widdicombe reviews Pig and Khao
Wow - the whole fried fish w/ hot and sour broth is off the hook!
Sizzling sisig- must have!!
Gotta try the lamb ribs - mmmm!
Coconut rice hits the spot. Get the mussels as well.
Wow! if you like Filipino food, eat here. get the sizzling sisig pork head, just do it. amazing
A+ Asian hipster fusion. Get the Russ & Daughters smoked salmon chips, crispy rice salad, the noodle small dish (starts with a K), and the grilled curry lamb ribs. Fullness awaits
$1 beer good food good, good music!!
One of the best meals outside of Asia I've had in the US. Adding this to my go-to list of awesome, unassuming restaurants in NYC. Get the sirloin and the coconut rice.
The khao soi is so very delicious. And the waitstaff is super friendly and attentive. Love it here.
Zak Pelaccio pioneered the western chef/eastern beats trend with his Malaysian-inspired Fatty Crab. The Fatty Crew has partnered up with Leah Cohen to drop Thai, Filipino, & Indian flavors on the LES.
On the menu try Grilled Curry Lamb Ribs($24) sweet-spicy curried lamb ribs that are falling-off-the-bone tender and ->balanced<- with a garlic-spiked yogurt and savory flatbread. Halo Halo for Dessert
The sirloin and green mango salad are excellent.
Mussels good, pork jowl delish, crispy pata awesome, grilled curry lamb ribs come with yogurt n roti- delicious. Vietnamese coffee the best I've had.
Great modern filipino. Try the crispy pata if you love pork and fat. Mango Salad was nice too.
So fun to see Leah Cohen in action! Great, friendly staff - awesome playlist - clever drinks, despite not yet having a liquor license - and delish eats.
Order the khao soi and the grilled sirloin- the flavors are amazing! With a side of coconut rice, of course.
Say hello hello to the halo-halo
The coconut rice and sirloin are the two best things on the menu by far!
Get the coconut rice and don't think twice.
Try a Tiger Beer, Hong Kong style.
The khao soi is amazing. Don't forget the endless $15 beer! Just do it.
Mussels are awesome...chili paste with salmon chips just right amount of burn. And then the halo-halo!
endless beer from outdoor keg in back for $15
The crispy pata blew me away. Every piece is crispy. Amazing. Must order
The pork head with egg is very good, the mussels are very tasty and the grilled lamb ribs are to die for. Staff is very friendly
Their grilled curry rubbed lamb ribs are killers. KILLERS.
Try the fizzy colas
Toasted bagel with plain cream cheese on both sides, hot sauce in the middle. $1.55. You're welcome.
Best Bacon egg and cheese in the area.
Sweet owners and homemade treats
i <3 this place...
I love the Polish man who feeds you his daily specialty. I think I've finally found a place that reminds me of growing up in Cleveland.
Fresh Pączki "Punchki" every morning... insane! You will never eat another American donut ever again.
Not light at all but delish. Chicken arepa better than most bland chicken anything, and maduros/queso a salty, fried fruit highlight.
$8.75 Dinner special comes with an appetizer, drink and entree! What a deal!
Don't come here after hours. They microwave the food
Good food, good people and cheap. This is Manhattan. 10 dollars for a meal is peanuts. If you consider this expensive go to McDonald's
Good cheap Pakistani food with great chai tea.
The Food is Excellent Here, Best I've had.
Ask for a samosa chat!
Try the Chicken Tikka - Great to go with any of the combo plates. (via @Foodspotting)
Kashmiri chai!!!!
3.50 chicken tikka roll ftw!
I think the pricing is very affordable there.
Make sure to get a combo with naan - beware, everything on the menu is spicy spicy
These guys charge way too much $9 for half a bowl of chicken, no rice and one piece of nan? For real?
Ask for extra bread, its awesome!
The spicy chopped chicken here is tasty as all-get-out.
No mayo option is a beast of giant lobster chunks and warm buns. Grab clam chowder to finish it off. Be prepared to wait.
Tuesdays and Fridays at Charlton and Hudson
Blackened chicken gyro FTW
Blackened chicken sandwich is awesome
Nice sidewalk dining. Next to The Cosmopolitan where some Brazilian friends stayed.
Fantastic food!  Great lunch prices!  Will definitely be back again!
They have Kingfisher beer and Taj Mahal, etc off menu
Waiters are rude and arrogant, order the Spice and Nice
Amazing food here! Authentic Indian fare that with class.  Get it delivered to you for lunch or dinner by ordering online through http://bit.ly/FoodtoEat!
Great service, pretty fast on a slow night. Loved the lamb vindaloo, lemon rice is spicy so don't eat the large black peppers mixed in!
Hariyali Kabab for the appetizer and Lamb Dhansak for the entree... awesome combo.
Horrible service by hostess and waiters!
They perfected authentic classic Indian dishes alongside homey style vegetable. So good! Try the crispy spinach chaat appetizer or the Bombay bhel puri.
Friendly, attentive, and courteous staff. Nice ambiance and great food. The tikka masala is one of their most popular dishes, but try the Chicken Xacuti if you want more spice.
Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb w/ Apricot were amazing!
Try the idli upma and masala tea here. An Indian restaurant with excellent service, contemporary styled ambience and excellent culinary sense.
The bhel here is ridic!
The most incredible and authentic South Indian food I have ever had. Lamb and prawn curry are to die for. The crispy okra and saag paneer also great. Staff here really take care of you.
disappointing
Best Indian food in town. The restaurant week menu is fantastic. Compolete survey after and get a $20 voucher.  Service is great, and while it is not a "quick" restaurant the pace is reasonable.
The authentic representation of Indian food at Amma is unrivaled. The tandoori grilled lamb chops are always a good bet, but if you’re into something different the wait staff is always so helpful.
Amman means mother, as in "these mother fuckers are so goddamn slow." Expect to wait even if you have a reservation.
Lunch is MUCH cheaper than dinner. Try the apricot stuffed lamb filets.
The lunch boxes to go are very well priced and the portions are quite generous.
Chicken kolhapuri is a must if you like spicy food.
Tikka masala is off the chain
Tikka masala is off the chain
The butter chicken, lamb, and the tandoori chicken is really good.
Good food. Super slow service.
Manchurian cauliflower, oh, my, ...
Ate here for restaurant which might explain the experience, but we had great food, presentation and fantastic service. Not my fav for indian but i'd still recommend it
Talk about being attentive. And the food is amazing as well. This is a must go. Best India Restaurant in the city by far!!
the best saag paneer i've ever had!
Love the food here!
Good food. Service was not good.
this location doesn't honor foursquare specials -.-
The mini cupcakes are perfect if you want to indulge but are watching your diet! One really satisfies!
False advertising! What a disappointment! @Crumbs said they no longer have the free cupcake for mayor on friday for quite a while now but sadly the offer is still on foursquare today! :(
Devil's food cupcake is a chocolate lovers heaven!
Perfect place to sit down and relax with a hot chocolate and cupcake of your preference.
The best cupcakes any where. Worth every calorie!
Brownie & Blackout cupcakes are the BEST!!!!!
The dulce de leche is a MUST!!! :-)
Love the Rainbow sprinkle cookies!
Check in on a Friday, well worth it! ;)
Iced hazelnut is the way to go! Add cinnamon and it's even better.
ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS! ELVIS!
twinkie cupcake is to die for!!!
Alll time favorite is the Red Velvet Cupcakes and also one I tasted recently, Blackbottom Cheesecake Brownie! Yummmmm
Carrot Cake & Dulce de Leches are my favs!
Stupid cupcake people!
Was the mayor a couple months ago where the mayor special was a free cupcake. Used it and the next week they changed the special to a free coffee for everyone. lame. Cupcakes A++++
White chocolate is a must
Get the red velvet cupcake from them. It's their best seller for a reason!
LOVE love love the cosmopolitan cupcake. the lime icing is amazing, along with the fruity filling :)
Big fan of the Samoa and Red Velvet.  I prefer any of their cupcakes that have fun-fillings.
OREO cupcake is a must, must, must! Reeses too! Okay, the red velvet as well!
If you had to get just ONE from their huge selection -- it's gotta be the CRUMBS Half Baked cupcakes...Always does the trick for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner (you catch my drift).
Looking for a birthday cake?Grab a COLOSSAL CRUMB instead!
Try the brownie and chocolate chip cupcake. Its so good. :-)
Amazing Red Velvet Cupcakes!
Coffees are light and bold roast and smallest size comes in Medium.  Pictures and jazz are enjoyable
Cinnabun!!!!
Yummy $1 pizza slices
Cheap pizza , BUT lousy service, rude !!!!!! This place sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!
Located a block away from the $.75 cent pizza wars
$1 slices are pretty good!
Delicious quiet authentic Thai food. Recommended. Not expensive.'happy hour is 6 to 8 for yummy cheap drinks and appetizers.
Best Thai restaurant, only place I eat Thai food. Everything is amazing.
The veggie curry puffs are to die for!  Staff makes you feel like family.  Amazing authentic food at an outstanding price!  Five Stars!
The Curry Puffs are amazing!!!
The Curry Puffs
Thai Coffee is super :) My favorite dish is Lad Nar.. Thick noodles with brown gravy sauce, so yummy! And it helps if you are sick :)
Nice pub style thai restaurant. Friendly staff. $7.50 & $8.50 lunch specials! Used to be a biker bar, ha!
7:00 - 10:00 PM Grand Tasting
me and  my friend
Great place for after-Ultimate food and drinks. Sweaty sports-people friendly!
Não tem lugar mais gostoso para se almoçar no Central Park, tudo aqui é ótimo, desde as saladas até a sobremesa. Se você gosta de limonada, prove a daqui. Os preços são bem tranquilos também!
Get a 1/2 mint lemonade 1/2 iced tea on a hot summer day. So good!
Try the Chicken Curry Salad Tartine - Lunch in the Park (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Granola. W/Fruit - #vegetarian #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Acai Muffin - #vegetarian #vegan different and very good  (via @Foodspotting)
Make sure to have back up options if you do grab and go...they definitely run out. Mint lemonade delicious.
Get take out and then sit on Sheep Meadow
Lots of dogs! Lots of dogs! And everything on their menu looks good!
I wish they did a better job at managing the bakery. They are open till 4 pm, but all food is usually gone by 12-12.30 pm. So much for 'Le Pain'.
Get a table in the back courtyard, a little haven away from the crowds.
soy milk really tastes organic
I really dislike this place. NYC snobby rich people food with an attitude. Overpriced and lackluster.
Great lattes and cool mayor/GM :)
Look out for a homeless guy wearing a dress and wig. He fell over the railing on people here. He is really aggressive stay away from him.
Menu holding old bread.. Nice...
Get the ham & gruyere on croissant.
Have the curry chicken sandwich, and finish off with an amazing ginger snap cookie.
Yes, you'd better like dogs if you want to enjoy your morning coffee/muffin.
The dogs here in the morning are out of control. The come close to ruining the atmosphere.
I sat down at table service and went and bought something from the retail portion while others in my party ordered from the menu. The manager came and scolded us. Manager is a huge Le Pain in the ass
Only open Fri-Sun!!! Which I found out about after a futile walk in the snow during a blizzard!
The croque monsieur isn't warm.
The womens line is crazy dumb long. Use the stall in the mens room. Works like a charm.
Mint lemonade, curry chicken salad & waffles rock!
awesome lemonade
The gazpacho is to die for.  Try it for breakfast on a  humid day.
Waiter service and walk up options differ so check both menus. Outdoor seating is available for both.
Try the lemonade.  Yum.
Get the masala dosa. Very tasty but I wish they put more filling in the dosa
The mysore masala dosa is to die for !! (Beware its spicy though)
So much food and so many different flavors with the lunch special! All for 11.50 (normally priced 18.50 at dinner). Highly recommend.
The food is amaaazing but be warned that the waiters have seriously rude attitudes- probably because they unfairly don't get paid tips. Their downtown staff are quite pleasant though.
The service at this place is terrible!
Try the Adai Avial. I don't know of any other restaurant that serves this in the US. It is a rare authentic south indian dish.
Love is bloom: New York City Restaurants to spend Valentine’s Day http://exm.nr/w4dR4C
Lots of vegan options!!  Just ask the nice servers what is dairy free!!!
For Indian vegetarian food and dosas
They're kosher!
The paneer is amazing!
The Mini Tiffin.. A four course South Indian meal in 1 plate!
seafood platter is totally overpriced and not worth it. ingredients generally didn't seem fresh at all. not coming back
Saravanaa Bhavan's Indian Vegetarian Restaurant: Spicing up Indian Cuisine Restaurant Review
The brunch is fantastic!  You must try sometime.
Order for the summer salad.
Always a great delivery choice for those rainy days. Wraps and sandwiches are just as tasty as their soups! http://www.delivery.com/menu/schnitzel-express-glatt-kosher
Love their gazpacho and cucumber soup. breakfast is pretty decent too.
The naan bread is INCREDIBLE! It is homemade, and is the softest, puffiest naan I've ever had!! Excellent quality food, no matter what you order!
Watch expiration dates here! Some items are expired or are only days away.
if you find yourself in dreadful midtown, at least enjoy superior coffee at Oren's.. great beans, great roasts.
They have a mayor special... But the mayor is the cashier. Why even have the special?
The crunchiest coffee in town
Staff is very friendly, music is sweet, coffee kinda sucks.
The La Minita (Costa Rican) is my favorite bean here to take home. Get a rewards card: for every 5 lbs of coffee, get free 1/2 lb.
They carry Donut Plant Doughnuts! Try the Tres Leches Cake doughnut!
No bathroom in manhattan shops are illegal. By law they need to provide one for their customers
Mmm chai latte with honey on a cold day. Sweet!
Super friendly staff - even to sleepy out of towners
Staff are so friendly!
Warning: no bathrooms!
Try the ice coffee or chocolate croissants. Yum.
Green and sustainable coffee house. Except they hand out two paper cups stacked on top of each other for every coffee they hand out.
Great ice latte but napkins are not absorbent
looking for a coffee spot midtown, peep this place, very friendly staff, not quite manhattan espresso but it will do, a large is a LARGE here
They don't charge xtra for soy milk!!! Unlike Starbucks
A nice break from Starbucks. Coffee is top notch.
Oren's specializes in specialty grade single origin varietal coffees. "Sort of like an entire selection of award-winning single malt scotches," owner + founder Oren Bloostein says.
Grab an almond croissant to go with your coffee. Delicious.
Super service and so much better than local chains (Pax).
Decent if that coffee, unbelievable White Chocolate Chip and Blueberry cookies for 50 cents no joke
Great music, friendly staff.
Good stuff but service is slooooooow. Get another cash register for goodness sake!  And get a system going!
Their Ethiopian Yirgacheffe is wonderful. I am close to my free coffee of any kind (always indulge in largest latte they can make) when I get 12 stamps.
Caramel latte with soy or Whole milk (hot or cold).
Best music
If you order five cases, they give you a sixth for free. Just tell them your doing a "case race".
No baja blast! No good!
Show the cashier your boobs and get a free taco!!
Yo quiero Taco Bell
Around 9am is when they usually put special drinks (our items) into the fridge
Cupcake truck, originally from Hamden, ct. Makes all kinds of cupcakes & has mini quiches too. See Todd! They plan on making a rose wine cupcake because Stonington vineyard has a great rose!!!!!!!!!!
Everything here is pretty good! They got an A+
Not fancy but good, fast, and affordable!  Love the quesadilla with bean n cheese and the steak burrito.
A true hole in the wall,Tex-Mex served by Asians, but the place is GOOD!
Best rice and cheese tacos
A bit pricey for the quality offered, but cute restaurant
Great place for a date.
Amazing desserts and pastas!
Serious crush on the girl behind the counter.
Came here after landing at LGA.  Was not looking for much.  My tip is try Market Diner down the street.
Elizabeth is the best and the only dang server in the restaurant.
French toast on the breakfast menu is fantasic.
The decor is a little outdated, but totally cute, the staff are very friendly and the food is cooked perfectly – try the Buffalo Wings and the Cheeseburger Deluxe.
Manager is a dick....dont eat here
great lunch- tuna salad deluxe
Great Breakfast and Roast Beef Sandwich and BLT are very good
Try the salmon! So flaky and delicious!
Not too crazy about it. Been there a few times. Food is ok but the place is not the most appetizing place. Ill give it a 5 out of 10.
This Wendy's makes me feel like I'm in the hood while in the middle on Manhattan.
Per gli amanti delle cose con la cipolla e il bacon provate questo locale e il panino bacon
This is like the nicest Wendy's you'll ever see. Probably because it's so well hidden.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll give 50 cents to the Dave Thomas foundation for adoption.
Great omelette)
The Rigatoni Siciliana - if you don't know, you better ask somebody
Fuscilli Vico and the Gniocci Sorrento are two of the greatest dishes i have ever had!
Fusilli vico is amazing
Try the veal paillard with arugula
try the fusilli, best I've ever had
only at this spot on Fridays
Pickles were amazing .. As far as the hamburger...I've had better.   You gotta try the BURGRR JOINT.  now that's a hamburger.  Done to perfect room everytime
I guess I should have gotten a burger because I wasn't impressed by the food.  They also only have beer and wine and only accept cash.
Biggest burger I have ever eat! Great place, great taste and good price. It has it all!
Pretty good burgers.
daily special is cash only and only till 5pm
Burger heaven. Also garlic pickles are great
Wyoming burger
This might be the biggest burger I've ever seen.
Service is way too slow!
Smile to hostess
It's all about the 7 oz. burgers.  Get a classic combo or go crazy w/ the toppings.  Waffle fries & shakes hit the spot too!  Open until 1:30 am on the weekends! - MichelleC.tv
You prooobably don't need fries. Big portions. Great tasting. Real maple syrup!
ive been going to this place since like 1978 or something like that!
Great diet root beer!
7oncies Burgers Are legendary!!!
Best burger I have ever had!
Specials-
Best J Hole of all the J Holes by far. Ask about the specials Monday-Friday... but they're cash only! Its a good deal!
The Rustler sandwich. Copsegmore Burger, East Sider Burger or Kaluba Burger.
Burgers are not as good as they used to be.
Large delicious portions. If getting the guacamole burger you're probably fine to not get fries - it come w/ chips already.
get the east sider burger, and ask for extra pickles, freeeeee
Definitely have the New York burger and a pink lemonade. Great meal!
Try the Crispy Veal Sweetbreads (via @Foodspotting)
Fabulous food, fabulous service. Highly recommended.
Brunch, brunch, and brunch! We can't get enough of the smoked salmon and crabmeat omelets.
I love this place it is fabulous anything you get is fabulous!!!
Great brunch spot.
Charming neighborhood bistro in Carnegie Hill. Excellent Prix Fixe 3-course Dinner ends at 6:45PM
The service is extreme. It's really the desserts that really make this place special. Be prepared to order three or four different items from the menu!!!
Crab meat omelette?? Yes please! Brunch comes with drink (sparkling sangria is great), entree and dessert. The starting bread looks great, but I'm gluten free.  I  definitely recommend this place!
Try the smoked salmon eggs benny. Pringle garnish is a nice touch.
The waiters stick to their assigned tables like glue and will not help out a diner in need. If you want something and your server is not around, be prepared for a long wait.
Lg chicken salad and some for $8
The Pizza here is Amazing!!!
Eggs were dry. Toast was okay though.
Good fresh food and they will warm your chocolate chip cookie for you!
Great quesadillas!
Try the salmon its definitely fresh and delicious.
Perfect place to have a leisurely business lunch.  Enjoy thefocaccia and olive oil, the Pomodoro alla Partenopea and the Scalloppina con Prosciutto e Mozzarella.
Try the gnocchi gorgonzola!!
The pho is not that good. The broth is chicken, not beef.
Luv the beef pho bo
i recommend the tofu panang with brown rice
The pho is not good here and there was a bug in my friends soup.
Low key place deco wise, but the food so far has been good, is recommend the pad see yue, the miss Saigon and most definitely #58 rocked!
Go for the 'Sexy Fries' - I promise that you'll love them!
Make your own Bloody Mary for brunch with your choice of four vodkas, including Russian Standard, my fave.
Bad service, mediocre food, Meatpacking prices. Don't go here.
Service here sucks ballz...and not in the good way.
Stunning venue, bright colors, very sleek & chic
Abeer (an amazingly delightful/sassy server) suggested the chicken for 2. It was great! Would def do it again. And she was seriously great :-)
Amazing staff and a beautiful space.
Don't come if you are hungry, the service is S-L-O-W.
The fries!
The decor is amazing... The bartenders are friendly and the servers are amazing!!!!
The Oysters are delicious!
Sexy fries are great, the bass was awesome and the desserts are amazeballs!!!
Great food, drinks service a little slow. But it's new so we'll give it a break!
Yebeg Alecha was amazing, Tibs Wat was pretty good
Yebeg Alecha was amazing,
Everything is delicious here. It has been a neighbourhood gem for over 15 years!
Satisfying. Ordered veg and beef sambosa good. Gorem besaega beef with butter garlic collard greens. Special chkn tibs tomatoe onion garlic chicken. Doughy flatbread used to scoop everything you eat.
The beef sambosa is delicious!
They are now bring your own alcohol, there is a deli across 10th with beer and wine
Food is amazing!!  Service sucks!! Not only that they don't serve alcohol!! It's byob.
Non-descript atmosphere but extraordinary food.  Try the Meskerem Combo and know that you don’t use utensils.
Best Ethiopian in Hell's Kitchen. Don't forget to get a glass of honey wine with your order of Tibs Wat.
I agree with Jim
I found this place to be good, different than most
After read the tips I only had courage to order a panini. And, it's was ok. In a place where you can eat anything-anytime, nothing can be so good...
The worst place ever have in NY.
Came when it was slow.. Was sat & waited over ten minutes to be greeted by the same server who sat us. Food- just okay for the price. Server only checked on us once & employees were sitting & texting.
Awful food. Awful bathroom. AWFUL waitress! Do NOT eat here!!!!!!
Great food, horrendous wait.
Don't expect any refills on your drink, and if the place isn't busy the staff will hide or watch the TV. Food is good, over priced though. Enjoy.
This place is horrible. Walk AWAY!!
The worst onion soup ever! ( if you could call that a onion soup...)
Worst food ever! Everythng was unorganized. Soda was flat.& my cobb salad was way over priced.My lettuce wasnt even green.&they gave me mayonnaise for my dressing so my sald was ruined. Never again...
Nice place
The buffalo chicken sandwich and the salumi panini are fantastic. Great vibe with open walls to the activity of the street.
This place just needs help! Not only is the service slow but the food came out wrong and to the wrong table.  Yes please put the food on my table that someone already touched. That's just love.
Easily the BEST cheesecake in NYC!
The mozzarella could taste more fresh for the price.
The grilled cheese is life changing
Happy hour all day! Aaaaammmmazing! Tell Lana hello
Nice environment, good service, decent enough steak for Times Square, definitely a good, inexpensive alternative to some of the pricier steak houses
Brix doesn't work nights anymore. Goto Famous Dave's (47th and 7th) Sunday to Thursday for him.
Hot chocolate isn't on the menu, but if you ask they'll give you one. Enjoy! Perfect for a chilly evening in times square.
Worst crab cake I have ever had. All bread. No flavor.
No atmosphere considering it's location. Not classy enough for the high prices, service was poor. Food was average at best for the price.
The Phillipino waiter is super duper awesome!!.
The wait staff is highly incompetent...learn your fucking menu && drink specials idiots!
BEST cocktails from Brix
Great martini's
This place is still for tourists...
the day after Irene...you get the feeling this place cares about money not people...I wouldn't go there for a meal unless for some reason you are a tourist forced to be in Times Square.
Horrible desserts. Tasted like the grease smell throughout the place. Sent them back. My date was feeling Daring so he got a replacement that tasted horrible too. We had to pay for it
Obsessed with the hot dogs here. Staff can be pretty slow and the line can be long, but truly awesome hot dogs! Get the green tomato relish. The coffee rocks too.
Get a toasted marshmallow shake and wander around Times Square.
Kiosk Restaurants on the Rise in Times Square http://exm.nr/sKfM9s
The potstickers do not have ginger or sriracha. So some false advertising there...
Saturday night opera is the very best live entertainment in NYC for the price. Great value with amazing talent and an overall good time. Highly recommended by me.
Awesome..!
Great Croque Madame and a decent beer selection. The service is poor. The waiters are not attentive.
Great service for private parties
Or try the linguini and clams
Try the spinach ravioli at lunch
Only good bar in midtown
Get limo @ http://www.limousinestop.com/ or call/text 862 GET LIMO Get limo @ http://www.limousinestop.com/ or call/text 862 GET LIMO
Aixa is the best bartender!
Wish I had gone elsewhere after seeing the brunch bill.  Half the food was good, the other half, eh.  2 people did not get food until most were finished.
Simple lunch menu to choose from hamburger / chicken sandwich
1st Irish theatre festival awards ceremony is being held here tonight!
Midtown bar, good after work scene...overpriced but good place to start
All the good bartenders left
Free range chicken with spinach was good.  They have a good kids menu.  Ordered two different types of red wine that were just so so.
Watered down drinks galore.
see Tom he will take good care of you at the bar
This place gets too crowded and noisy. Find another after work bar with better food and better service.
I ordered moules frites in a white sauce. They gave me so many mussels I didn't know what to do. They are delicious and you should order them immediately.
Go upstairs to Taci Opera Cafe. Its wonderful
Great beer selection- bottles and draft. Good bar menu too!
Excellent Belgian beer selection.
Not the same without Reese
Man, premium drinks are $17 bucks here. Really?
The Lassi Pop is made from a blend of all-natural, probiotic Indian yogurt with digestive herbs, spices and fruit. These rich and creamy pops make for a delightful afternoon snack on a hot day.
The mango lassi pop is a delicious treat in this hot weather!
Cozy little place with delicious food and great service. I've spotted a few celebrities at this Italian gem. Get the 1/2 carafe of house wine for $15- it's good for 4 glasses!
Food is delicious! And they have a super friendly staff. Feels like your back in Italy, very fresh & cozy! Try the cheese plate and the Pappardelle with Sausage. House Red is the best!
Wish I could've tried more, this place was great. Loved the whole wheat tagliatelle with broccoli, peas and cherry tomatoes - homemade pasta cooked to perfection and bright, flavorful veggies - YUM!
The gnocchi with crispy pancetta and arugala in a slightly sweet tomato sauce is mmm mmm good. And the carafes of red wine go down super easy.
Bolognese is the best.
Great pasta and great service!
You have to try theOrecchiette with shrimp. Scrumptious. Staff very lovely too.
Arugula salad, fresh pasta, what else does one need?
The whole wheat tagliette is healthy and delicious! Very good Italian for a good price--don't forget to dip the bread in the sundried tomato and olive olive oil yummmmm
Don't get the Tagliatelle with marinated shrimp. Too dry and not properly seasoned.
The Moscato is amazing. Also, get the Orecchiette with Sauteed Shrimp.
Parpatelle with sausage is to die for! The clams are great as well, and whole wheat pasta primavera is really good too
Great pastas and the best mashed potatoes in town. When they have the filet mignon as a special, one cannot go wrong.
this place is great, authentic italian - try the spinach and ricotta ravioli and be sure to finish your meal with an espresso
Try any of their salads! They usually have great salads on special, but my favorite is the Pear salad - light, fruity and delicious. Also, try the Spaghetti w/ homemade san marzano sauce at least once
All the pastas here are amazing. The olive appetizer is really good as well!
Go to Il Melograno on Saturday and order any of the homemade pastas with wine or a Peroni. Go inside after the meal and thank owner Alberto personally.
Wednesday night unlimited mussels!
Great brunch and a hidden gem in the UES. Don't expect quick service during peak hours but a nice place if your not in a rush.
Steak is out of this world!
The food is great but the service is not. Need 2 bartenders behind the bar, that's where everyone likes to be.
really awesome escargot + tuna tartar apps. best basket of baguette slices too, always warm
The food was good but they just tried to overcharge two old ladies.
Try the Croque Madame - Bon appetit! (via @Foodspotting)
If you don't feel like a formal dinner, grabbing their delicious burgers and a bottle of wine at the bar is a great casual (and usually cheaper) alternative!
Live jazz thursday nights
Great French cuisine and the waiters speak French too.
Some of NYC's best LIVE DJs every Friday and Saturday!!!
Great and tasty brunch prefix.
I get envious glances when I eat my avocado-tomato-egg-on whole wheat bfast sandwich
Overpriced mediocrity. Don't try the chai latte it tasted like someone tried to dissolve sand in a urine sample size cup of hot water
They are the nicest faces in the morning. Wouldn't want coffee from anywhere else to start my day.
Delicious smoothies!!!
Adorable and convenient, but why does a plain iced tea cost over 3 bucks?
Not jut for coffee, they have lots of breakfast options and really friendly service.
The iced hazelnut coffee is amazing!
Cute friendly little café!
Try the skim iced mocha and chocolate croissant
Great drinks, good food, consistently horrible brunch service
This place has the best Tacos. I got the vegetarian Tacos for only $3 each. And they give you complimentary bread/butter too. My new favorite!
Great tacos if u are passing by outside.
The lamb burger is the best! Very nice trendy atmosphere. Also open late so a huge plus.
Diner for youngsters on the Bowery. Order a cocktail and a burger. Listen to the music. Sit outside.
Find some friends, order the frozen margarita and enjoy the patio in the summer.
Diner for the younger crowd. Cocktails, good burgers, great fries.
Horrible brunch service. Too many hostesses, not enough attentive service (nor staff). This is the 3rd time this year. 30+ minutes, not even the comp bread has arrived. Eat before you come...
Yummy arugula and mozz pizza. Nice ambiance. But service can be spotty / slow.
Grab a table outside. But beware if you have a large party - they won't let you combine tables for no good reason.
The mojitoes are actually delicious.
The venue is amazing, but besides that, it's very sub-par. The food is less than decent, the wait is too long, the waitresses look on par, and they don't provide bread. 2/5 stars.
Do not get the cucumber daiquiri, not as good as it sounds.
Amazing outdoor space. Slight identity crisis but a great place to drink in nice weather.
Great space for a big group of friends. Friendly service. Bring bug spray for the summer nights (whether you are inside or outside) - Mosquitos don't discriminate!
One of the best brunch spots in the area. Turns into a sweet bar at night--but drinks are pricier than surrounding bars. Worth it for the outdoor patio
The tacos from taco box (a window on the Bowery side) are so legit - substantial, with delicious guacamole, hot sauce and salsa.
try the Bowery Burger. It's really good. The patio is a great spot to eat on a warm summer evening.
Take out taco window for lunch. Get 2 tacos and the strawberry lemonade
For brunch the semi outdoor seating is a great atmosphere and the bloodys are fantastic!
Looking for an ACTION-PACKED night out? Don't miss the garden bar out back! Brought to you by THE EXPENDABLES 2 opening August 17!
Bring back the jalapeño corn bread. Please.
Great atmosphere, bad drink selection.
This place awesome food, but the service sucks.
Great scene, great atmosphere.
Don't come here. Go anywhere else. Whiskey Town isn't far away. Neither is McSorley's or Burp Castle.
Hostess will try to sit you at a sunny when there are ten empty shady tables.
Really like this bar for the gorgeous and spacious outdoor garden, plus great guac. But no happy hour specials. Not cool.
This place sucks and hope to never give them my money again
Best eggs benedict I have had in the city
I love this restaurant, great food, great service at a great price. The rib eye or ribeye, also known as the Scotch fillet, A must visit!
#JacobsCreek the sparkling blend pinot and chard is light and refreshing, great for a summer brunch!
If you're lucky you'll have Emanuelle wait on you he has all the stories and all the history
The spinach gnocchi in Gorgonzola cream sauce is very special. If you love gnocchi you must try this to see if it's the best you've ever had.
The Calamari  very delicious
The Calamari is served in a very Mediterranean grilled style. Excellent
Yes the gnocchi  spinach is not to be missed
Get the spinach gnocchi...it is amazing
Delicious Italian
The Tagliatelle ragu is delicious. My favorite pasta dish in NYC so far, it's like a big, homely hug from your Italian friend's grandmother.
Spinach gnocchi is superb- Get it!
Crowded little place. Ravioli and spinach gnocchi were both delicious. Tagliatelle and spaghetti were above average.
Go for lunch on a Sunday. Pretend you are in Rome.
Try the spinach gnocchi
Ask for the vitello di cacciatore
Lobster fettucini 4.25/5
Enjoy the nice smell of trash and lack of air conditioning on a hot night.
Good pasta, reasonably priced. Was bustling and noisy when we were there but that added to the atmosphere. Cash only payment!!
Get the spinach gnocchi. Just do it!
really long wait times most nights but if you come for a late dinner on sunday nights you can get seated right away
If you are craving a glass of white wine, get the Pinot Grigio.
Also: they take reservations if you want to avoid the usual wait.
Spinach gorgonzola gnocchi is a gluttonous delight.
Spinach gnocchi, a glass of Sangiovese and a tiramisú. It's the triad of happiness!
Food is amazing - The best gnocchi I've ever had. Spaghetti and chicken melanaise were both fantastic as well. But it's a hassle - cash only, middle of nowhere, always a wait.
Cash only.
O gnocchi de gorgonzola com espinafre é delicioso!
Get the gogonzola gnocchi!
Genuine food in a friendly atmosphere makes you feel like in a "trattoria" - cash only, there's an ATM inside the bodega next door.
There's always been a wait when I go but it's a lovely cozy place in the west village. Yummy home-made pasta but cash only!
Good authentic Italian food in a cozy atmosphere.  Definitely try the spinach gnocchi, just remember that it's cash only!
Found this little gem by accident.. only accepts cash.. brilliant spot if even in the area!!
All the tranny kids come to fight & kiki. The new security guard is a dick.
The worst kind of customers smushed into one place.  Go somewhere else, seriously.
Awesome place at 4am....crackheads meet ghetto trash meet drunk suburbanites!
Staff isn't too bright even for a mcdonalds
For some reason one of the most pleasant, quiet and well-lit McDonalds I have been to.
This is a filthy ass place. Looks more like a rehab clinic than an eatery. Ask for a wet nap to clean your table, as the staff are too lazy to do it.
Forse il peggior Mac della mia vita. Panino cattivo, bagni disastrati!
Place to eat for drunk people
A guy's just puked on his menu
Don't get gay bashed while you're here.
People seem to use this place a lot more for the bathrooms then to eat.
the big Macs are fantastic. avoid the group bathroom lesbian fiestas (not that there's anything wrong with that )
there were three guys talking in the back and the only girl serving people walked away as soon as i stepped up to order. i had to ask to be helped. wasn't expecting spectacular service but seriously?
Meatballs are yummy here
Boozie cupcakes. What's not to love?
Try the beer and pretzels cupcakes, its awesome, then go have a beer next door @culturefix
Three contenders: Lots O' Lobstah, The Clam Shack, Ditch Plains (from Atlanta!!!)
I didn't like falafels until I tried this.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Falafel!
Moving Target
Great smoothies!
This gets our vote for the best falafel sandwich in New York City. - Food52
Get your falafel "with everything" and try the Harissa for a bit more spice
Falafel sandwich with *everything*, mango chutney is amazing
Get the Harissa falafel if they have it!
One of the best falafel sandwiches I've ever had. Definitely add the hot sauce to your pita!
The Pear, Mint and Lemon Smoothie is amazing!
bitches love sabichs
Harissa falafel pita with mint lemonade. Awesome.
the friendliest truck in the city. the hot sauce is... hot.
Best falafel in the city, on wheels.  In the FiDi on Mondays only-- check @taimmobile for the exact location.
Taim Mobile will be rollin' to the Village Voice's Choice Streets food truck tasting event on 4/24 at Pier 86 / The Intrepid! More info here: http://ow.ly/9M1oK
If you're wearing a flowing dress or skirt, do not stand on the sidewalk grates while ordering.
For $5.75, the falafal sandwich is the best best deal. It's huge and taste so good.
Falafel on the run
If you want an extra kick, add the spicy peppers to your sandwich!
Get whatever their special falafel is...always a winner!
Great falafel sandwiches! Try the date-lime-banana smoothie--it's amazing (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the green balls in a pita, your tastebuds will thank you.
There's usually a line for lunch, but it's worth it. The falafel sandwich ("with everything") is outstanding, with a very interesting mix of flavors. If they're in your area (check twitter), just go!
Definitely go for the harissa falafel and a smootie.
"Almost nothing is lost in the transition from Taim’s West Village brick-and-mortar store to Taim’s street truck." Try the falafel platter ($10).
Winner of Best Falafel in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! They pack the tiny fried balls with fresh herbs, giving them exceptional flavor.
Delicious falafels and arguably the city's best hummus.  Get a falafel on whole wheat pita with one of their signature smoothies to wash it down.
Amazing food
Better than maoz!
Falafel Sandwich - GET IT!
Hmm, not mexican.....theres rice...thats as mexican as they get
Always order the guacamole and a margarita. Best deal in the city and always hits the spot.
Delicious & affordable food, killer margaritas, fun decor. Love this spot.
Pork tacos, guacamole, margarita on the rocks. Repeat.
Sangria +Guac + Carnitas Tacos = YUM!  Flan is also pretty good considering it's flan.
Awesome tacos!!
Nice and cheap. Thoroughly recommend it.
Cheap yummy food , expensive margaritas ($8)
Super cheap and delicious
Chorizo tacos are amazing, margs are delishus and the service is always fantastic. One of my favs for Mexican in NYC
A totally solid inexpensive mexican joint. Everything I've had has been great. Definitely get some chips & guac. Enjoy the 80s movies they show on the TVs.
Micheladas!
Legit tacos. Californian approved.
Cactus tacos yum
Great breakfast. Guac and horchata are good here too.
Get the soft tacos. The Chorizo and Eggs tacos are a nice change of pace.
"You won’t find battered, overwhelming fish tacos here, just simple, fresh, pan-fried tilapia topped with cabbage slaw and salsa on 6″ tortillas. It’s perfect for a mid-afternoon snack."
Margaritas are bomb. So are the chicken flautas and sopes. Dirt cheap prices.
Moment of silence for the best carnitas tacos I've ever had in my life. So juicy, so hot, so perfect.
Order the arnitas....oh, and read los diez mandamientos for a laugh
Insanely good margaritas and hey! Don't go against the Ten Commandments of Taqueria LES.
Fresh corn tortillas, for real? Barbacoa and Nopalitos tacos yes. Quesadilla de hongos was less a quesadilla and more of a wonderful empanada-like pocket made from corn. Can't wait to go back.
Highly recommend their hibiscus margaritas. The downstairs room reserved for bottle service is really nice. You can order individual drinks at the bar and bring them to the banquette.
Amazinggggg carnitas tacos!!!
Cool place! Great guacamole! And they play a mix of metal and mexican folk music ;)
The carnitas are fantastic. Well worth coming here just for that.
Best tacos I've had in NYC. Pork, chorizo, and salted beef are top 3. Start with some guacamole and keep the margaritas coming.
If you want spicy, ya best order the lamb tacos !
Carnitas taco! Tostadas are pretty nicely sized too.
Salsa here sucks, its just hot sauce. Margaritas are awesome.
This place has great bartenders, music, good food and brunch on Sunday's.
accommodated a large lunch crew of 20+ people really well with separate checks for each individual. pork sandwich was disappointing though. too much bread in the bread to pork ratio. :/
Get the fish tacos – great toppings and delicious with avocado
The poutine is delish!
Great place for a HH - cheap drinks and large tables
Buffalo wings are great- fried pickles are a pass.
Tap House Popcorn (with porcini powder, parmesan, and truffle oil) is crazy delicious - the perfect bar snack!
Nachos...ehh. Bahn mi sliders...my dog (if I had one) wouldnt touch these things. Water was good though.
Lamb sandwich is delicious!
Sliders are uneven: crab cake delicious; the bahn mi and duck confit probably best left for Fido.  Oh, and it's a tap house: stay away from the wine
Fantastic food and fantastic service. Great for game days!! But make sure to reserve a table for the big games- they go fast!
Try the milk and cookies
Try the beer!
Brand new spot. 10 days open.  Decent selection of beers.  Biggest sports bar in TriBeCa for sure
Great beer selection on tap.
İn Turkish; Bir Türk'ün Amerika'da ki gideceği tek yer olmalı bence burası. Adanası,çöp şiş'i ve özellikle'de dönerini kesinlikle tavsiye ederim.İn English; The best Turkish restaurant :)
Best Doner kebaps this side of Madrid. Look no further.
NewYork'un en iyi donercisi...
Doneri amerikada yedigim en leziz donerdi :)))
The doner kebab is served off your standard cylinder of mystery gyro meat. It has absolutely no right being this good.
Try the Gyros!
Lamb doner kebab sandwich with extra white sauce
My favorite stuffed grape leaves
Get the shish kebab plate. Shoo gudd.
There's an A rating on the door, the service is great and food even better! Buen Provecho!
Save this place for the late night dining option. And by late night I mean wasted.
The lentil soup here is AMAZING!
Everything is delicious, but the falafel and lentil soup are the best around.
The best shawarma I've found in NYC; good kebabs, grape leaves and deserts, too. A fav late night spot for all LES party people staggering out of bars and clubs between 2-5AM.
The Adana plate here will change your life.
Best Doner Kebab in town
Stuffed Grape leaves and Lentil Soup, yummiest!
Get the lentil soup!!
Lentil soup is a must! And ayran to go makes a good hang-over breakfast the next morning:).
Cafe Rakka on Ave B is 10x better and exactly half the price
$5 is a huge price increase on the lentil soup! It's... lentil soup. Still as good as it was at $2 back in the day.
Falafel sandwich+hot sauce. Beware, HOT! But so good.
I don't want to proclaim this spot as the best Turkish food, I definitely proclaim it the best Donna Kebab spot and Turkist desert, soooooo good. After a long night on LES and you're starving, this hi
Free Ramadan menu! Delicious :P
Great for the classics- chicken & lamb kebabs and sandwiches, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, lentil soup, etc. as well as a nice selection of vegetarian options.
They sell AYRAN! :))))
Try the Adana (Lamb) Kebab - Hot & spicy. Just how I like it. (via @Foodspotting)
You can watch the turkish tv channels includig lig tv.
Everything is delicious
This place has awesome chicken kebabs. Spicy chicken is dark meat and really spicy, stick to less spicy white meat
Standard city pizza by the slice.
Get the meatballs.
It's all about the tortellini Daniella.
the ragu special, was the best and most authentic italian food my italian boyfriend has had in nyc. i am a sucker for the bolognese! loove!
The food was excellent but the service was just awful.
Superb organic italian. Try an edward lll absinthe
The Chilean sea bass is truly amazing
The Mama's Ragu special was amazing.
Brick oven pizza & pasta.
Who doesn't love Italian comfort food? Sign up for LocalBonus to automatically earn points towards a free house wine, lunch for 2, or $50 off your meal at Coppola East.
love the chicken or veal milanese...great stuff!
You had better start with the artichoke and asparagus salad! I'm pretty sure it was in last night's dream....
say hello to benny for me. and make sure to get the eggplant rollatini. the best in town
Mama's Ragu was fantastic!
Go to Coppola's (make reservations first, if you can) and order the Focaccia Classica and/or Angus Sirloin as an appetizer.
Best lunch deal in the city. Most food you are going to get for $5
Chicken rice.
The Famous Oyster Bar is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
Cute historic little spot in the heart of the big city!
This car and its driver sucks
Grilled octopus salad is amazing
Good Greek food. Warm feta appetizer is delicious.
The flat noodle with pulled rabbit is really good.
The pork medallions are fantastic.
Must gets: Grilled octopus and Michael's lamb burger!
Good food..dinner and even lunch!
Oh my, the sheep milk's ravioli is tasty.
Dig in with the authentic Greek dishes. I love their grilled octopus and I really enjoy the large souvlakis as well
Chicken souvlaki!
Sheep's milk dumplings are amazing with a nice glass of red!
The lamb shank here is divine, always moist and falling off the bone! - Tyler French, Hunting Season
Delicious! Authentic Greek flavours with an updated edge... Loved it, as did the entire neighbourhood it seems- so busy but waiters are attentive and food comes out without too long a wait.
Meatballs OBVIOUSLY.
Anyone who has been here and has tried the grilled octopus will tell you the same thing—it’s unforgettable!
$1 oyster happy hour (sun 5-6:30)
Excellent Greek on the uws. The food is always delicious and I  love the space and atmosphere. Def recommend trying any of the apps - they are all good!
Ouzo tastes like licorice , yuck
my favorite greek restaurant in the city!!!
Tonight's the night for a BULLDOG on the rocks. Go on, be bold. Hold the mixers, take the ice.
I dropped a Collectivus Flower Egg Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Naked w @dbravato @therealbenruiz @src422 @bovaliciousdef @bri_esposito @vickisheng @araja363 @jeffreybiel
The Sheeps Milk Dumplings. Yum.
Lamb souvlaki. Do it
Lamb souvlaki is awesome
Try the Grilled Octopus (via @Foodspotting)
It’s impossible not to love the fantastic, traditional Greek, especially given the unbeatable prices. Popular dishes include the Kefi salad, spinach pie, and moussaka.
Lots of must have dishes here.  The lamb shank, grilled octopus, and sheep's milk dumplings are truly phenomenal.
Had my first lamb burger here and it was amazing. Highly recommended.
The sheep's milk ravioli is amazing! Ditto the grilled octopus appetizer and walnut cake.
Try the chickpea spread (tastes like sun dried tomato hummus) pork souvlaki, and a pitcher of red sangria. Delish.
Bill's Burger taste wonderful! The cheese fries are some of the best ever had. Make sure to grab a spiked shake. Prices are friendly, ambiance is enjoyable, staff is friendly.
You'll love the Banana cupcake if you like bananas - and cupcakes.
Burger with fried egg!!
Good choice of local and foreign beers
Go for double burger. It's a lot better and not that big.
Make sure u don't have more than 6 people in ur group! We had 8 & were never told by the very rude hostess that it would be an issue until it came time to be seated & it was chaotic...
Awesome  Blackened Mahi Tacos
Mahi tacos are amazing if you don't feel like a burger.
Very good place small burgers but very meeting. Service was very good=)
For a couple $$$ more they'll put booze in your shake!
I didn't notice any of the "special sauce" - but I considered this a good thing as flavors of all the ingredients seamlessly blended well together. The only mistake I made was not having 2 of these.
Отличный способ подачи молочных коктейлей: стакан с коктейлем + банка от миксера с тем, что в стакан не поместилось:)
Try the enormous chocolate chip pumpkin cupcake with cream cheese icing, crispy orange sprinkles atop spiced cake loaded with bits and pieces of chocolate.
Combine a holiday staple like eggnog in milkshake form and you have their delectable eggnog milkshake topped with whipped cream and a gingerbread cookie.
Try the enormous chocolate chip pumpkin cupcake with cream cheese icing, crispy orange sprinkles atop spiced cake loaded with bits and pieces of chocolate.
Combine a holiday staple like eggnog in milkshake form and you have their delectable eggnog milkshake topped with whipped cream and a gingerbread cookie.
Great music and beer selection! Shrimp burger was good too
Great food, great service, and great prices, especially for NYC.
Spicy lamb burger is epic!
The burgers were on the small side. Plus you have to buy burgers and fries seperately. What the?
I've certainly had better burgers but the ample seating makes this place great for groups.
It's National Taco Day! Featuring Crispy Shrimp Tacos for lunch and dinner today, plus our standby Mahi Mahi Tacos with Pico, Guacamole and Chipotle Aioli.
Mention OKTOBERFEST through Sunday, 10/7 for a $6 Soft Pretzel with Spicy Mustard and Pint of Sam Adams Octoberfest
Get the cheese fries. OM NOM NOM
Great service good food and drinks!
Nice place
Great veggie burger and AMAZING steak fries
Watch the US OPEN with us through Sunday, 9/9 AND show us your same-day ticket stub and receive the signature Grey Goose Honey Deuce Cocktail ON US!
Make reservations if you want to sit upstairs during lunchtime
Banana royale excellent choice!!
Not great. Overpriced and has a "Panda Express"-like sheen. Not in decor but in diluting Korean food to make it appeal to a broad audience.
Get the scallop soufflé appetizer. It's decadent, delicious, and something you definitely can't make at home.
The calamari is slightly spicy and delicious!
Apart from the hostess the service here was the best I've experienced in the city! Try the Ke Sal Mari, Dae Ji Barbecue, and the hot chocolate cake for the perfect ending!
The Seoul mojito is delicious.
Try the Jalapeno Daiquri - Love this drink (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Scallion Pancakes With Seafood - Crazy (via @Foodspotting)
They do an awesome job w/ thei kalbi jjim! And bulgogi (even if cooked in the back vs on your table). Great spot. Highly recommend.
1 of my top 3 korean restaurants! Altho it's not Ktown, rest assured the cuisine is authentic. Better/more upscale & spacious than Ktown.
Yukgehjang is the best here
They don't honor the Amex voucher
Good food but sub par service.
Upscale and inventive Korean BBQ – slightly more expensive than your average K-Town joint.  Start with the Bo Ssam Bun and Jap Chae before moving onto the can’t miss Barbeque Platter!
Undaegoojorim is my go-to comfort food. The softest and most savory cod fish ever. Everything else here is very good. BBQ served in individual boxes. Atmosphere is nice at night, but really dark.
무한도전 뉴욕편에 나왔던 뉴욕식당
$5 Margaritas are the best...
Try the Jap Chae, very yummy!!!
Food is good, though service is less than desired. Much less.
The best Lychee martin is only $5 during happy hour
The beef rib BBQ is amazing!! A fun and delicious place to go on a date.
$5 happy hour 5-7 on lychee martinis.
Try octopus with noodles if you like hot spicy and chewy. Don't expect Italian or greek grilled octopus. Totally opposite
Try new Tacos!!!
The BBQ sampler for 2 is exactly as it says - for 2! Plenty for even the hungriest couple.
Great place!   BBQ Sampler is a MUST!!!!
I go with the barbecue sampler.
Check out the celebrity chopsticks.
kalbi & marinated shrimp are very good here
Great wings.
Say hi to David.
Korean comfort food at it’s best – perfect for lunch or speedy delivery. The Fried Chicken is awesome and goes well with the Chef Salad. The Tacos and Sliders are dreamy too!
The ribs fall right off the bone. For $8.50, you can't go wrong.
Korean Tacos are a must!
Jump on the Korean Taco bandwagon with a spicy pork taco platter: Korean BBQ pork with Tomato salsa, creamy guacamole, rice, nachos, and soft tortillas. Somehow, it all works!
The pork tacos are outstanding.
Closes way too early
Love the unlimited toppings salad bar. Lots of great options including grape leaves and small size is plenty big. And they also throw in cornbread free when they have it
Offers a varied menu making it a great breakfast or lunch stop on your way out of the hotel!
Only let you buy the combos, not individual. And our food was cold. Not coming back :/
All the sandwiches are great at this quintessential deli... But the cheesecakes are true New York.
Best Greek egg wrap known to Grece Nom Nom Nom
Unique french-Japanese cuisine. Make sure to try any of their pastry. Delicious!
Chef Koji makes awesome sushi every Tuesday & Thursday.  And Chuck Hut burgers on Fridays!
The way to go here is Tuesday / Thursday sushi or anything Andy makes
Gustav Klimt.
Cozy place with ok food. Very expensive. You are paying for the location. Service is amateurish and the waiters do not know what they are offering.
super lovely museum cafe.
Make sure to try the Apfelstrudel!
Nestled inside the Neue Gallerie is a little piece of old Vienna.  You should wait on line to break the diet with a Wiener Eiskaffee and Apfelstrudel or Sachertorte.
Authentic Austrian food right on museum mile.  You can't go wrong with any of the meat dishes but you better save room for the apple strudel.
It's a BG New York City Secret! Akris designer Albert Kriemler has been coming here to eat breakfast for 30 years.
Seriously delectable Austrian delights, here's the good stuff: Erdbeer – Hollunder Mousse Torte and Kleines Wr. Schnitzel mit Kartoffel- Gurkensalat & Preiselbeeren. Just trust us on this one!
Snag a banquette if you can. And try breakfast when the pace is more mellow.
Do yourself a favor and enjoy the Milchrahmstrudel and a Kaffee.
Get the Klimttorte. It's fantastic!!
It's a BG New York City Secret! Akris designer Albert Kriemler has been coming here to eat breakfast for 30 years.
Apfelstrudel is better as a novelty. Also 11am breakfast cutoff on Sundays is unfortunate
Get the hot chocolate.  You won't regret it.
Get the apple streudrel!!! Wow. Coffee is fantastic, the whipped cream in amazingly not sweet. Chocolate almonds, wow. Hot chocolate is so subtle and light. Fantastic.
Goulasch Soup. The totally authentic experience.
Es un poco costoso, pero el cafe y sus postres Vieneses son insuperables. Perfecto lugar para merendar!
The apple strudel makes you feel what Kristoff waltz must have felt in inglorius basterds
Best hot chocolate u will ever have.
You're an idiot if you don't get their apfelstrudel.
have the liverwurst sandwich and sachertorte after a visit to met and then take a long walk in central park
Best Viennese cafe this side of Vienna.  Save room for dessert!
Delicious coffee and desserts. Perfect place to take visitors or to read a German newspaper.
Shushi Friday, can't best the sushi combo!:-)
Louis can customize your order and even put his own spin.
Ceviche mixto and roasted chicken is AMAZING! Get their special Peruvian sauce for the chicken too.
The food & people are a delight! The Causa de Camarones is deelish!
Parihuella!!!Rico!!
Get the parihuela if you're into seafood. It's broth is flavorful!
the tiradito de rocoto is serious!
The cevivhe is really great.
The lucuma ice cream is amazing. Also try the arroz de mariscos. It's  enough for two.
Cholados >
I asked for milo not a cup of sugar! 
Have to get  Pandebonos...especially nice and hot. The bread is The truth!
BYOB   Liquor store is 2 blocks south
Great sandwiches. New special every day. Made fresh on the grill.
Check-in to Nachos NY between Dec 2nd, 2010 and Dec 9th, 2010 using Foursquare for your chance to win! For more details, visit http://bit.ly/hbgqf8
Strawberry and banana shake is amazing!
If you live or work near the Empire State building, and care about nutrition, this is the very best possible lunch spot you will find.  The food is excellent and truly healthy. Breakfasts are good too
Be prepared to not be able to make a decision. Huge menu!
The hummus is very good here!
Can't go wrong here. Be good to yourself and get steamed veggies as a side.
This is glorified airplane food.
lean and ripped w hummus and mozzarella is the best
A Seamless office favorite! 	http://www.seamless.com/food-delivery/Natureworks-New-York-City.7833.r
Falafel with hummus is the best
Get the HULK green smoothie
Dob't forget to get a loyalty card. Buy 10 meals, get 1 free!
Love the guys that work here, total dolls!
This is one of the best places in NYC to get a super healthy breakfast wrap with egg whites, veggies and proteins. Half price from 8-11am.
Chicken & Guacamole Sandwich with turkey bacon!
Get the protein  omlette with bison burger or chicken and spinach, side of tahini.
Carab chip cookie is amazing
Great hot sauce if you like it really spicy- they make it themselves
Get the bobs plate and the protein brownie!!
Interesting decor and the food makes you want more. The owner is really nice too. His staff needs careful instruction though.  "on the side" "diet coke" "don't spill it" "check please"
Not good at all.
Amazing down south food made with all fresh ingredients!! Friendly waitstaff and comfortable ambience.
Try the Tropical Ribs, absolutely delicious :)
Lots of potential but does not deliver.
Love the blackout cake. Can also get junior's cheesecake and Little Pie Company's pies here!
Sunday booze brunch only after 12noon. One of the few establishments that follow sunday blue law. With that said, their bloody mary mix was stellar. So were the home fries -tasty with onions & paprika
Try the Benedict Johnny!
Don't get the burger.
Excellent atmosphere, lovely staff, try goat cheese starter and mussels for main dish. Really delicious!
My new favorite restaurant. Absolutely love this place. The brussel sprouts are amazing!!
Got the vanilla bean French toast, it's good but it's not like "in heaven" like others said. But the portion is too big, i dont really need a LOAF of French toast... Good service tho!
Awesome brunch spot. Love the French Toast, which is prepared with a creme brûlée batter.
A safe choice for good quality American food. Feel free to bring friends, family, or a date!
Nicole, the amazing waitress suggested a sample of their Chocolate Ganache; amazing.
Holy cow! Gnocchi is no joke! Must order. I'd get that and a side of Brussels sprouts as a meal next time. So good!
The salmon avocado appetizer is amazing! Also make sure to try the grilled octopus.
Great bloody Marie's indeed!
I have been yet but the food looks really amazing!
Good food but the service left a little to be desired. We got in at 12:20 on a Saturday and were told the wait was twenty minutes. We waited about 45 to be seated. By then brunch was not being served
Really good food here but beware there are always big queues here on the weekend
Vanilla bean french toast w/ side sausage or benedict jane for brunch!
Best gnnochi one of our bloggers has ever had.
Go for brunch. Get the vanilla bean french toast w/ a complimentary drink. Reservation recommended - but you can order from the full menu at the bar.
The French toast is brilliant. So I the wild mushroom soup!! Yum!
Get the vanilla bean french toasy
Donuts are really good. Same with the rosemary fries.
Make a reservation to avoid the line.
The Gnocchi is an orgasm for the mouth.. Make that multiple!!
Lobster Benny. Do it.
Try the Benedict Johnny- its my favorite variation on eggs benedict in NYC.
Toasted Ricotta Gnocchi was on The Best Thing I Ever ate.
Check out the line outside!
all of the eggs benedict options are awesome.
One of the few places you can make reservations for brunch. Get the Benedict Johnny--sweet, savory, and oh so good.
The drinks are some of the best around!!!
Everything here is good, but don't come here in a rush. In accordance with the Marley that's always playing, this place is really _chill_. Always empty, too.
Chicken nanban. Super chill place where it's almost the opposite of rushing you.
Tonkatsu is the best in NYC
Get the non-fried steak or burger.  Amazing.
This place is BYOAnything
Delicious, home-style Japanese dishes. Simple but extremely well executed. Get the tonkatsu!
They serve "Japanese soul food" for under $20. Try the Ichibantei steak, tonkatsu pork cutlet or the classic fried chicken. Also look for Karaage, which is fried up in their own special batter.
Try the karaage chicken.
Their classic Bahn Mi sandwich has mayo on it by default, and you can get the meat spicy as hell. It's practically a religious experience.
One app and one entree is enough for 2 to share. Oh, and get the lamb sliders - you won't be sorry.
I want the pao de queijo sliders for apps, main AND dessert. They're that good.
The restaurant was started as a kickstarter project by the owners who used to invite random people to dinner parties. Great story + great food!
Leave some room for desert!
Yes Pao de Queijo sliders are awesome but don't pass up the saffron scallops! Also make sure you share the @ComodoNYC love on Twitter!
P.s. don't forget the churros !!!
The atmosphere is lovely and romantic. The food is tasty, interesting and wholesome. The staff is warm, friendly and real. We had the sliders, the ceviche, the steak and the scallops. Everything +++
Best new restaurant in Soho. Initimate little spot for a cozy winter night and AMAZING food with a delightful menu! –Kassidy
Everything's delicious, but you can't leave without trying the pão de quiejo sliders.
Great food and ambiance. Go for the kale on kale salad & scallops. They don't have their liquor license yet so wine is provided at cost (and delivered to your table!) from the wine store next door.
Tasting Table Reco's: Kale on kale salad, hibiscus spring rolls, lamb sliders, and the poblano pepper pasta Bolognese
Pão de quiejo sliders, picanha, coffee-rubbed cochinita. Rawr.
Intimate and welcoming. Get the picanha. Feel the passion of South American food.
Pao de queijo lamb sliders! Do it! Right meow.
Best tacos in NYC. Freshly made tortillas.
these are very good tacos
Get three tacos for just $10.50 and save a buck fifty. Make sure one is the egg & cheese!
Like spicy food? The chipotle chicken with jalapeño taco is great.
It's the new year and credit card machines are still down. However, this is the first place I've found closest to my work that has whole wheat everything bagels.
Unfriendly staff, especially during Breakfast time ...
The credit cards machine is down and they don't seem eager to repair it.
Be careful of the angry Mexican Chef. He gets impatient & very angry at a moments notice.
One of the few delis/cafes in FiDi that will make you a breakfast sandwich on weekend afternoons
GREAT BREAKFAST_.
One of the best coffee joints in the area.
Coffee here is really good
Not a bad place for a quick bite in the Financial District.
Most delicious food ever! I love their naan, vegetables, and desserts.
Spicy chicken with potatoes & chick peas over rice - quite possibly my favorite dish in NYC. Cheap & flavorful. If you really like spicy, ask for green sauce and peppers.
Cheap, good and nice people. Can't walk by without getting a tea.
Fresh made Naan all day and night. Delicious
Despite what foursquare thinks, Pakistani food isn't middle eastern. This place does a good and cheap samosa though!
Naan made fresh in front of you
14th August, 2011 Mubarak ...
naan + kebab + paki style tea. yum.
The ochre dish is quite good.
Naan!! Some the best. Open really late so perfect to soak up a night's worth of drinking.
Chicken kabob, cauliflower, and chickpeas! Naan is a must!
Chicken tikka with daal saag + cauliflower and brown rice. YUM!
The interior isn't much but the food is.
Best on the church ave strip.
Get it poppin with the Nan Man...He listens to Dip Set
Favorite lunch spot downtown on a cold day
Inquire about what's simmering in those steam trays, but whatever you get will be great. Don't forget the naan.
Late night nan after a few rounds at the patriot is a winning combo - politik with the nan maker to get that free gravy
Avoid at 3:30 am. Trust me.
If you find it get something
I guess I like it because it gives me a boner
Looks like shit on the outside (inside's no better) but the smoothies are aiight.
Terrible service, but tasty fake ice cream.
Chicken artichoke panini is delicious
Turkey cranberry panini is bad ass
Lines move pretty well for a chain place I would recommend the Cuban
Great customer service. Very warm,  polite and inviting. Their broccoli cheddar soup is out of this world!!  Must try.
Yael is the friendliest cashier ever!
Worst Panera ... Ever. Service is ALWAYS slow and your order is most likely going to come out wrong.
Try the "Pick 2" - Black Bean Soup & Mediterranean Veggie Sandwich!
Sign up for the Panera card.  Get card in store, register online.  Frequent free stuff-- smoothies, iced coffee, pastries, etc!
Still pretty slow even a few months later.
Yay! There's finally a Panera within walking distance. Frontega chicken with broccoli cheddar is always a failsafe. Staff is pretty nice. Pecan braid has like...2 pecans.
Panera trumps all.
panera>pantera
Get your food to go, I swear it comes out quicker.
Love love love the place and the food. The broccoli cheddar soup in the bread bowl is to die for!!!
This place is a maze!
Good place for lunch
thai chicken salad, 'nuff said.
Excellent customer service!!! I have been to many paneras in NJ, PA, and NY. This is definitely the best one I've ever been to!!
Man this place is really nice. I wonder how long til dope fiends take it over like Au Bon Pain next door?
Give the associates a break, they're trying hard for how long they've been open.
@Krista B. Hey if you had any knowledge in you. You would know that ,they only opened 3 days ago. So give them a break and don't be a jerk.You want service done by jerks go to AuBon Pain next door.
If you walked in here, turn around and go to Au Bon Pain instead. Service is slow, and the employees aren't the brightest bunch (I was asked if I wanted espresso in my mocha)
Trust a St. Louis native (Bread Co...as it is known in St. Louis, was founded in the land of The Gateway Arch), and get the broccoli cheddar soup and bacon turkey bravo you pick 2. Trust.
Turkey, Avocado BLT was excellent. Today was the first day they were opened and it was packed for lunch.
Compose is Music to Your Stomach: Creating Flavors One Bite at a Time
fantastic bespoke drinks, the mussels were so delicious
The soundtrack here is awesome! Get a bartender's choice for a cocktail. Specify spicy or sweet or sour or shaken or stirred etcetera!
creative cocktails in a decked-out deco-ish space...nice bartenders...still planning to go for the tasting menu...see photos of the space and cocktails here: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=277
Awesome tasting menu!
If you can't score a reservation for the limited tasting menu, the restaurant actually has 20 other seats for a la carte dining, offering a selection of bar bites.
go for the ten course... and pick the slow-poached scallops if you're lucky
Great food.  Salmon was cooked perfectly.  No veggie options but chef made a sautéed veggie dish with chik peas that was PHENOMINAL.  Recommend the merlot.
Great service for my group, but limited drink menu and kitchen was closed already at 9PM
Lunch with coworkers. Food good, but service slow and terrible. They need a new manager or something.
Lunch with coworkers. Food good, but service slow and terrible. They need a new manager or something.
Lunch with coworkers. Food good, but service slow and terrible. They need a new manager or something.
Come here for brunch. Nice ambience, not crowded. Get the Original Jacques - tasty big plate with a drink for $10.
Check out the "Sloppy Jacques."
The sea bass, the burger, and the shaked steak & cooper cheese (aka philly cheesesteak) all AMAZING!! Could have been client appropriate, minus the flies...
The chicken finger here is authentic:)
Not one person knows English here, be prepared.
Good food. Got pork chops medallion and they're amazing
Food is pretty good. Bloody Mary's are awesome. Service needs a LOT of work though!
Order the Fettuccini Ai Trei Funghi
The food was pretty good, but the service is seriously lacking. 1 hr 10 min for our entrees to arrive is not ok.
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Service here is serious. Probably one of the best in the city.
Tomato flan for the win!
GIANT MARTINIS!
Calling this place Italian doesn't do the expansive menu any justice whatsoever. Just ask the duck, salmon and grilled shrimp what they think.
Calling this place Italian doesn't do the expansive menu any justice whatsoever. the duck, salmon and
Verso Italian Bistro127 Ave C (at 8th St), New York, NY 10009(212) 529-7747   @VersoRestaurant   versonyc.com
Get the pappardelle with duck ragu and the tiramisu for dessert. Shockingly good and a great addition to the neighborhood.
Ask about gluten-free options. On some days, they make a gf gnocchi!
Fantastic seafood, friendly staff.
Ask for the branzino if you're lucky enough to come on the right day!
The Turkish white wine is very nice.
güzel bir yer teşekkürler
Tahini sauce.  You need to ask for it. Makes all rhe difference.
Everything is grilled to order. You have to wait a bit but it's worth it!
Get chicken lamb mix gyro plate...its great
Food is ok. Nothing special.
Sucks! Dry food. Pass!
The gyros, kebabs and all that are ok nothing special, but fyi the lentil soup is really good.
Great cafe with an incredible international atmosphere. Best for brunch or watching a soccer match in the spring.
MuseWinery on Vancouver Island says pleasetake care of our good customer Michael B. tonight!
They've changed the chef: no more mussels in the menu, nor mergez or couscous. Service was even worse. We lost a spot in the hood.
If you see mussels In special menu that must be your choice! Is delicious!!!
A entrada de mariscos na casca "Mussels w/ chorizo sauce" (servida no sábado) é a melhor surpresa que vem da cozinha.
Sundays check for Dj Tosh
Avoid. Not told credit card machine wasn't working until attempting to pay check. Management response: horrendous. Service was good up to that point. It just takes one person to spoil a meal/evening.
"Les Enfants Terribles Couscous Royal" is sooooo good
this bar smells fucking awful
Get the lamb bourek w/ goat cheese! Yummy.
Try the French Toast (via @Foodspotting)
Get the steak tartare, and nom while the DJ spins on Thursdays.
This feels like a neighborhood spot, but it draws hip people from around town. The food, especially the Brazilian moqueca, is flavorful and hearty. And the creative cocktails alone are worth the trek.
A safe choice in LES. Staff is very nice. The Cahors red wine is very good, it's also the favorite of the very nice waitress. Happy to have told her where Cahors is located :)
One of the few restaurants in the area offering outdoor seating during the warmer months. Our tip: Brunch is perfect for people watching.
Food, drinks and a DJ. What else do you need? Pierre and Nicole at the bar!
Steak. This place is master of rare beef
The food was amazing (Mushroom soup, muscles, and steak)... even the bread was delicious. Also our waitress, Anna, was the most friendly and accommodating waitress I have ever had, hands down.
A perfect place to go for anytime of day -- brunch, lunch, dinner or late night. Be prepared to speak at least three languages throughout the course of the night.
They finally expanded! New dining room at back!
Best french toast ever!
Recommended: The Salades des Enfants Terribles!
Try the Merguez - The hidden couscous was to complete this gem. (via @Foodspotting)
Nice and chill place. Late starting brunch crowd, so when the other LES places are full at noon, you can normally find a spot here. Cool place to hang at night too
Great food, great people and tasty music I love it
Calamari they have is #1
The grilled chicken sandwich is brilliant! Nice and spicy, with great fries.
Try the picanha. It's delicious!
Free wifi, free bottle of water, free French accents from the waiter!
Try the grilled calamari
Love the Morticia: Crackly chocolate cookies with chocolate stout ice cream. Get it! Also recommend the Jack, Big Whoop, and Snowflake. They're all good!
Best dessert.
i just had to know what a four dollar ice cream sandwich tastes like. i am disappoint.
Get the Cinna-max, snickerdoodles with cinnamon ice cream.
So much flavor in such a little treat. Delicious!
$4, flavors change all the time (usually 4+ to choose from), lots of cookies to choose from (crunchy to soft)
Get the Elvis and enjoy the amazing peanut butter cookies & banana ice cream sandwich.
So delicious! 3 regular flavors and one special at a time. Try the cinna-max!
ice-cream sandwich
Waited 15mins this time around this cafe is gunna last too long....
Management needs more seats and VIP    Section....I refuse to wait.....I will promptly yelp about this....
Bring ur own sugar packets .... :/
Don't even bother ordering... just go with the special of the day.
Best place for an office pick-me-up, especially when 2:30 rolls around.
Welcome to Café Kabata. The best espresso in KCP.
Amazing from start to finish. Try One of the numerous daily specials.
Make sure to get biscotti with your coffee; they're fresh and delicious!
The staff here is incredibly friendly, everyone from the bartenders to head Chef Pasquale! Ambiance is romantic, try either the fresh Salmon Staggianato or the Saltoinbocca alla Romana, to die for!!
Try head Chef Pasquale's home made cheese! It is really very good. This guy has a real passion for his creations. The resturant is full of regulars...which means a lot.
Old school awesomeness: great Caesar,   Pasta sampler
Ear-splitting noise -- shouting was the rule during our meal.  The wine list and our requests had no relationship to the wine the waiter deigned to sell us.  But the Frutti di Mare -- pasta with seafo
Food at Nanni is phenom, hands down best in NYC! The Nanni pasta for an app is to die for and strongly recommend the "Nanni" chicken (not on the actual menu) but its delish!
They're a little gruff here but the food is excellent. I second the recommendation of Nanni's sauce.
Get the Nanni's special sauce!
Once chipped a tooth on some chicken I bought from their food bar. Chicken!!!  Never ever go here.
has a killer breakfast special before 10.30am, a bacon egg and cheese bagel with tomatoes will make ur day!
Has internet access upstairs
Strawberry&banana protein shake $4.00 bucks!
The "Merilu Pizza" rocks!  Gorgonzola, ricotta, pears, walnuts... Yummm
Dropped in last night after seeing a taping of Colbert Report, saw the reviews on Yelp & had to go. Real Italian style pizza with FRESH ingredients, super friendly staff and excellent prices. Go now!
Don't be scated to ask, extra cheese is free!
Home Made RICEBALLS! OMG AMAZINGGGGG!!!
Amazing!!!! Simply amazing!!
Awesome pizza!!!! We love it,   Open one in DC/ Northern VA
Good and healthy choices, must try, preferred to go,
Uh may zing pizza!!!! Best slice in Manhattan. And all made fresh from scratch every day.
Truly amazing pizza & location!! I  always feel at home!!
I've had entirely too much pizza in Manhattan, but Merilu's is BY FAR the best. Everything is so fresh, and the family that owns it couldn't be sweeter.
Amazing pizza!!!
Definitely get the meat lovers. AWESOME!
Really yummy pizza and even the small is HUGE
Crispy and awesome thin-crust... Also sesame crust on the buffalo chicken pizza... Omnomnom
Meatballs at MeriLu!
$5 for 2 cheese slices, with a free soda or water! for STUDENTS, TEACHERS, FDNY,NYPD, USPS (add a topping for 25 cents!)
Friday Special - $7.00 for round thin crust Italian pizza with fresh mozzarella! with any free can of soda or H20!
try our delicious pizza al metro!!!
Try the chicken soup! It tastes just like mom's homemade recipe!
test test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test test testtest test
Really good place to send faxes - probably the best
better than the other subway 2 blocks down on 14th st--less crowded, accepts Amex & rewards card.
Hibiscus Royal and the Crisp Red Snapper is to DIE for.
Sea Bass was perfect!
Try all of the infused vodkas. My favorites were Horseradish, Honey Pepper, Pear, and Cranberry.
Try the KWAK
Вкусно и весело
Great food, atmosphere....lovely Russian decor!
Tuesday night karaoke!
Enjoy infused vodkas, all are delicious, but leave horseradish and beet one for a true Russian.
Great Russian food! Great service! The decor is beautiful!
To begin, order salo. The melting slabs of cured pork fat are what lardo would be if it wandered east and started playing nice with shots of vodka.
This is definitely the place to go for a genuine Russian meal paired with one of their vodkas from their famous selection. Party brunches on Sunday, late night parties on Friday & karaoke on Tuesday.
Super ruskie in here!
The restaurant is perfect! Really interesting and beautiful interior. And the food is amazing. Especially try the Wild Duck Salad.
Hot music from London, beats and bubbles!
The only functional pechka (a Russian wood-burning brick oven) in town is here, and it’s great for baking homemade bread, sturgeon and other delicacies.
Cosmo (the bartender) is the SHIT my friends :-)
Get the duck salad!!
The drinks are brilliant, ribs melt in your mouth, and the sirniki (Russian cheesecake) is amazing. You will not be disappointed.
The name of the place is not One-gin. It is pronounced Oh-neg-in.
Go here and surround yourself in opulence. They has it.
If your looking for a top notch cocktail ask for new yorks favorite barkeeper Cosmo!!
Cosmo is the man behind the bar!!!
The menu is down-to-earth stuff, though, with hearty fare like chicken Kiev, braised short ribs, and beef stroganoff, plus their own house-made honey-pepper vodka.
Onegin's shocking the world by serving up...infused vodkas and traditional-wood-burning-brick-oven-fired 19thC Russian vittles, like the super tasty salmon-stuffed puff pastry.
Ask for drinks from Tim the bartender, he is quite good.
The slowest service ever.
Always empty when I come in for lunch Monday through Thursday
Almost popped off on the maintenance guy for talking slick to me. Smh
The tables are never clean & the who suppose to clean them is always standing around looking off into space
They seem very proud of having 200 seats the signs are over the store if you forget
Slow service in the midnights but it's ok for the time :)
McRib! Its back!
a good time
Get the Heritage Pork sandwich. Hurry.
Good pre-sweetened NOLA iced coffee... But for 5 dollars! Go to Whole Foods, across the way, for eats instead...
The BMW Guggenheim Lab cafe, operated by Roberta's, serves up local organic food. Open on Wed-Fri from 1-9pm, and Sat-Sun from 10am-9pm. Try the classic cheese burger!
Spicy girl roll is for me
Beef negemaki was microwaved. Service was quite sad. Sushi was passable. Never coming back here.
Try the spring rolls with the house sauce amazing plus they make a damn good spicy salmon roll
Good basic sushi. Great price. I've been eating here for 10 years since I moved intothe neighborhood.
Worried about the warm temperature of this Sushi.
Edamame is realllllly salty. but try the sweet potato roll, amazing. good experience overall!
Try to not come here.
Here's a tip: Don't ever come here!
Be sure to check out their daily special rolls.
Go buck wild with that scallion cream cheese!
The proprietor is surly, but sometimes he lets you sneak booze into your coffee
Great bagels here!
Buy their thin sliced frozen beef, then buy a pho seasoning mix & noodles at the supermarket next door. Combine with hot water.
New favorite place for lunch.
10% discount with NYSC or NY Health and Racket ID
Yee-hah! Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad us yum-ee!
Cayenne shrimp salad is my favorite salad ever!
Show your New York Health & Racquet Club tag for 10% off! I always forget... :(
Delicious!!!!
Eat salad. Duh.
Loyal customer of 10 years. Try the Tossed chef salad, lose the croutons and ask for sunflower seeds, add in avocado. I like it with the balsamic vinaigrette or the buttermilk ranch!
My favorite lunch spot! The Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad is the cat's pajamas.
Baruch District 10% Discount.
Signature salad is awesome
www.tossed.com
Who cares if it got temporarily shut down by the Dept. of Health, happy to have em back. Try the BBQ or Southwest Chicken Salad
Right up there with Chop't and Just Salad. Highly recommend it for a healthy meal.
Crepe wraps are tasty + light (lots of lettuce, whole wheat). Try the tuna salad wrap.
I'm all about the Tossed Signature Salad!
best salad in NYC - get the BBQ chicken salad
Small space, seats about 10 - 15 ppl but has lots of gluten free options.
If you don't speak Chinese or know how to point to dishes, you're sol.
The dumplings are to die for.
The house special.
Ask for a plate of steamed dumplings.  Thick and tastey!!
The house special is definitely the way to go.
My favorite is the roast duck han. Delicious!
Try the Short Rib Hand Pulled Noodles and spot it on Foodspotting!
The fish ball han-pulled noodle is great!!
Don't be put off by the tripe, get the house special.
comida muy rica la recomiendo ummmmmmmmmmmm
You've gotta get the Durango made the old way with oranges instead of papaya
Love Mexican Food.
First time at the restaraunt and this left a bad taste in my mouth literally. We were told the kitchen was backed up then received our order and my food was clearly overcooked. I won't be returning
It's National Taco Day! Ask about our featured dessert taco, Tacos de Manzana with cinnamon tortillas, caramelized apples, raisins, dried cherries and pioncillo caramel sauce.
The mahi tacos were really good.
Traditional frozen margaritas rock!!!!
Stay away from the "hot" salsa. Tastes like canned tomatoes with heat and zero flavor (yawn). "Medium" is best choice. Fire roasted and smokey.
Landed, changed & headed here for instant food fix of fish tacos & margaritas... hilarious wait team, cheeky! Food & drinks were OK, good place to people watch.
Chicken Tacos are Delicious!!
The guacamole here is OH MY GOD
awesome seating outside. guacamole and blood orange margaritas are a must. also the dos enchiladas are amazing but only ask for the tomatillo verde sauce; that's the best one.
A place with the view to 14th street Apple Store
Nice place with Mexican Cuisine. Must-visit place, I like it
It's National Tequila Day! Join us at the bar from 5-7pm for a COMPLIMENTARY TEQUILA TASTING. Also featuring tequila flight and special peach margarita. Salud!
Hello.good morning.everyone.
Horrible super SLOW service. This place needs to catch up. Disgrace to the city.
Great guacamole and drinks (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Excellent Mexican chicken Cobb salad - ask for extra chicken instead of the chorizo if u don't like sausage
The chips and varying flavors of sauce are great!
The cheese fondue w chorizo is to die for.
Great guac! Here's the recipe
Guacamole is awesome as well as the chicken tacos
Try the Riazul Tequila Anejo. Amazing.
The mange guac is the best!
Marga on the rocks, Souza tequila, with salt. Enchiladas after you salsa and Guacamole feast. Yes!
Aqui eles fazem o "White Russian" com tequila. Tá mais pra um "White Mexican". "Yeah, well that's just your opinion, man" diria o Dude.
Good brunch, get there early if the sun is out to get an outdoor table though. One free drink with brunch entree. Get the guacamole to share too. Chips and booze for breakfast? Oh, go on then.
guac is fantastic. im serious
In honor of the Tribeca Film Festival, try the Ruby Sapphire cocktail: BOMBAY SAPPHIRE® Gin, Grapefruit Juice, Simple Syrup, and Cherry Syrup
Get the pineapple-coconut mojito. Order enough food with a large group and the waitress will give you free soju shots!
Great Sunday lunch special! $50 for chicken and beer for four.
Les murs servent d'exposition des  30000 vinyles de Jazz. Le DJ au dessus de la cuisine ajoute davantage à un décor hors de l'ordinaire. Sans réservation? vas-y directement après 21h!
That is some damn good chicken. Late night London chicken is a different world in comparison.
Wings are the best I ever had
The kimchi mung bean pancake is very tasty.
ask for judy -- she is hands down. the best. waitress. ever.
Best Korean fried chicken ever. Also, great music.
Awesome ambiance & music. I only wish the had more vegetarian/vegan options.
Deliciousss! New favvv place. Fried chicken is a must. Hot and spicy is super hot. Garlic and soy is amazinggg. Buns are to die for and go with a flavored soju (lychee is food). Love the live dj!
Delicious!!! Hot and spicy wings good but super spicy. Soy and garlic sooo amazing! The buns are to die for and go with a flavored soju (lychee is good). Atmosphere is great. New fav place
If you have an appetite prepare to order more than your server will advise. The fried rice is a good belly filler and do NOT leave without trying 1, 2, or 3 of their flavored mojitos.
They only take amex and cash.
The fried chicken and pork belly on skewers are both great. The service is god-awful. Like shockingly bad. Cool decor.
Awesome fried chicken!!!
Perfect place to hang solo or bring a date. Enjoy the lofty atmosphere and great food. You can't go wrong here.
Great Happy hour special!
Don't mess around, get the fried chicken. The skin is as crisp and brittle as phyllo dough.
crispy buns are the bees knees, standard korean fried chicken, excellent decor/ambience
Eat some fried chicken & save your soul!!! DJ Richard was nice on the wheels. KuMays.com
fries = really good; crispy bun with bulgogi = really REALLY good; wings (both styles) = UH. MAH. GAW. :D
Stellar food, most friendly staff. Live music. Nuff said. Oh, and another tip- Don't eat yellow snow.
Great decor but slow ass service.
Get a fresh fruit Mojito!
Most ridiculous host EVER.  New Orleans chicken is worth suffering the fool, though
The Julie London cocktail
Fried chicken is their signature dish! To die for! Must try! Xoxo Shoptiques.com
Try frozen yogurt - to die for!!
Sit at the piano and order the Billie Holiday.
Only accepts Amex or Cash
mantap....
Good Pasta!
Some of the best food at the best prices in NYC!  Love these guys!
Great cosy atmosphere, terrific food and friendly service, perfect place to spend a cold New York evening
Delicious!
Worth the check in
Small portions but great quality food. 50% off wine wed nights, best deal ever.
Mushroom pasta was great!
First time here wonderful discovery ambient great food lovely vibe
Best dinner in town! Bring someone to share the bruschetta, Mappamondo salad and pappardelle porcini.
nice and frendly,great music,good drinks and exceptional food.definatelly worth checking out!
Daydream about you're next adventure while immersed in their map decor. Skip the mimosas, overpriced and poorly done. French toast is decent.
Whole wheat pasta, meatballs and sangria are the best
Great food, very cozy atmosphere! Great date place!
Good, classic Italian food & cozy space
Spinach flan so yummy!
Get the French toast!  Lots of Cinnamon and deliciousness! This place is too cute.
#27 Splitz up is delicious and nutritious!
Wrecking ball.
Such a cozy place. I tried the Wreck sandwich and it was amazeballs! Will definitely be coming back for it.
italian with everything and a mixed berry smoothie!!
Try a sandwich.
A Wreck is the way to go
Always get double meat
These guys originated in Chicago, came to DC and now they are in NY. Everything is good but my fave is the the wreck. The pizza and chicken salad are also good!
The chocolate banana shake is amaze balls...and I normally do not like chocolate ice cream (so you know it's just that good)
Live music! Come see :). Today featured Vo Era from 1130-130. Tomorrow is Jessica Betts 12-2
A Wreck on whole grain bread with the works. Delicious!
otimo bom demais
This is a nice place 2 go 2 and get some juice.
Get the strawberry energizer. Its not on the menu anymore but these folks still know how to make it!
Try Apple n' Greens. It's the healthiest juice on the menu and tastes great.
The people here are awesome come in and they are so well mannered :) first time ever :)~ at jamba
Necessary.
Strawberries wild smoothie + the sweet waffles are all I ever wanted out of life. The banana oatmeal isn't bad either.
1$ oatmeal on Wednesday ~ steel cut
Get the oatmeal &1 Wednesdays
Get the oatmeal $1 Wednesdays
Vers gemaakte smoothies, sapjes, shakes etc incl toevoeging van allerlei vitamines. Prima om je brakke ochtenden na lange avonden mee recht te breien. Niet te snel drinken; brainfreeze!!
Get the matcha green tea or the peanut butter moo'd smoothies...so rich
Saw Steve Nash come out of here this morning with a basketball in hand. Thought about challenging him to a game of ball.
luv jamba juice, done this!
Power Mango-a-go-go® is a must have. And so is the sourdough parmesan pretzel.
hey guys my name is melanie
$1 iced coffee or tea today.
This is an official Nickelodeon Parents' Picks Award Nominee!Powered by ParentsConnect.com
Double Shot of Wheat Grass w/an Orange Wedge is a must!
When you feel a cold coming on...order a coldbuster...it's packed with vitamin C
get the 5 fruit smoothie... only available for a limited time!
Best eggs Benedict in the upper east side!
For a healthy option, get the stuffed avocado with either chicken or tuna salad. The chicken is better in my opinion.
Be warned, East River Diner no longer gives free refills on soda.
East River Diner got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/14767
The OJ is so fresh!
Feta omelet mmmmmmmm
Must be under new management because the service is now terrible here.
Good diner food, great prices and portions. This used to be Cafe 79.
CAFE 79 got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/14767
Awesome minestrone soup.
Their fish tacos are to die for.
Half-Roasted Chicken with stuffing & home fries!
Get the Irish breakfast an don't look back.
Chicken finger delxue and the best honey mustard and ranch!
The price is good, food not bad. Without fail, they WILL burn your omelette. That's how they make them here.
Amazing veggie burgers.
where? sooooooooooooooooooo
My favorite is the Pork Rice Platter: Marinated ribeye steak over bed of seasoned rice with side of fresh salad, sliced radish and carrot, and Kimchi with bobjo’s special sauce
get the vegetarian jap chae and add galbi on top for $1 more
The kalbi here is phenomenal. Rice is a little rice but that meat makes everything worthwhile.
Avoid the bibimbap if you're looking for something traditional. It's served on a bed of lettuce with rice on the side - weird!
Awesome smooth jazz while you wait.
When we want to keep a light diet we have Chop't.  Palm Beach Shrimp is our absolute FAVORITE!
Be sure to check the calorie count. Just because its a 'salad' doesn't mean its low cal. Still the best bet around.
Steakhouse wrap with blue cheese dressing was surprisingly good.
It may sound a wee bit pretentious, but the (seasonal) artisanal lettuce with herbs is incredibly yummy
The pick up line is alway the way to go: order online!
I didn't think I'd like a salad from Chop't. I was right.
Go around 11:15 or so to beat the lunch hour traffic. Beats the Cosi next door in terms of quality and freshness.
love their seasonal salad Southern Harvest with cider vinagrette..wished it was a permanent item on their menu..
Don't bother with online order.  During the lunch rush it takes 45-50min to process the order!  Standing in the long line takes 15min max from queue to pay.
Customising your salad is the best they invented. Oh and they have alot to choose from when you want low fat dressings. 2 thumbs up.
Steak salad is awesome!
Customizing your salad comes with a heavy price tag.
Spinach & romaine, roasted turkey, egg whites, white cheddar, corn, black beans, tortilla strips and sweet & smoky chipotle vinaigrette. The Piti Special... You're welcome :)
Dont be fooled by the long line. Wait in it because it moves very very quickly.
Don't be intimidated by the long lunch line. It moves pretty quickly.
Jump the line by ordering in advance at 212-750-2467. Ask for dressing on the side and give them 15-20 minutes for it to be made.
Phenomenal chopped salad at a price you don't easily find in NYC.  I had the Grilled Asian.
My favorite spot for salads. Get Juan to chop for you.
Spinach w/ avacado, white bean, cucumber, celery, tofu, olives, onions, and olive oil.
If you come here often pick up the frequent chop'r card - it's worth it. I just got a free salad!
Love this guy! He knows my order without saying;)...he might be short on convo, but he is nice in his own way...
Pizza is ok.. Far away from the "napoletana doc", of course..! with fresh tomato and basil, btw. I liked it.
Turkey&brie cheese is good
Try the chicken Caesar salad - this is sooo good.
Turkey & Stuffing sandwich is the best. Its sux that its only one of those limited edition sandwiches.
Hot Turkey and Stuffing Sandwich during the holidays is the way to go!
Wish they would bring back the Cuban sandwich
Sorry I meant buff chicken salad
Do NOT try the buffalo chicken sandwich. It got me very sick
The flatbread pizzas are awesome!
The burgers here are surprisingly good .. Try adding blue cheese!  Also, the profiteroles are really good.
Great little brunch place.
I've had better, and fresher, Moules Frites.  But the Tarte Tatin is authentic and the people are indeed attentive.
Wonderful Lunch!  Waitstaff so friendly. Felt like I was eating FAV Salade Nicoise in Paris!!  Very relaxing.
Fresh and delicious food. We can't get enough of their profiteroles.
The fennel salad is delicious
So cute, I die. Also, THEIR LAMB.
The atmosphere and staff are utterly charming.  Try Les Escargots de Bourgogne and the Braised Beef Short Ribs.  Don’t skip desert either as we’d recommend the Crème Caramel and Profiteroles.  Make re
The creamed spinach is awesome!
Absolutely excellent!! Got a complimentary salad with tuna and avocado before I even ordered. Deluxe rainbow roll was amazing!!!
Delicious neighborhood spot, quick and amazing service
Try the dynamite roll it literally explodes with flavor on u!!
Drinks are overpoured...in a good way :)
Guacamole w/ spicy tuna + wasabi chips app - AMAZING. on the separate 'Sushi Specials menu'
Never disappoints
Ribs are beautiful. Red snapper very tasty.
Get the Jalapeno Yellowtail Roll!
Food is very good.  Try the filet in chinese xo sauce
The best waitresses! Shout out to Megan, Tori, Taylor and the rest!
You've got to ride the mechanical bull!!  It's free and totally worth it!! :)
Muy buen lugar para tomar unas cervezas entre amigos! Y abre hasta tarde!
Avoid this place. Food is so so and the service is HORRIBLE!
Johnny Utah's Dinner Package at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Legal  Esse Lugar
Don't bother rude staff rude people not worth the time we r in NYC! Skip it!!!!
They have a UNI-SEX bathroom!!! Not only that, great drinks specials and a super fucking fun mechanical bull!!
Johnny Utahs NYE at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Drinks are good , strong and cheap. Spinach Artichoke dip is absolutely terrible and overpriced. RIDE THE BULL
Best drink specials in midtown plus you get to ride a electrical bull! Great times!!
Like our Facebook page and get a chance to win a FREE HAPPY HOUR!!!! http://www.facebook.com/JohnnyUtahs
Get the Kentucky Style Chicken!
Bull riding is awesome!  It's worth doing even if you don't think it would be.
Great Mac & Cheese
This place is amazing. You eat,drink, and work it all off when you ride the bull. You can't beat that!
I rode the bull
Food was okay. Service was slow and not great at all.
Cheap happy hour for a cheap crowd
Overpriced with a lot of douchebags. Sorry, not my scene.
Food sucks! Service sucks! Drinks are watered down... Skip dinner, go straight to bull riding
This is trashed white girl central... Its over rated.
Bull ride is funny. Just threw over a slim chick. She went flyying!
Remember when bars actually had bartenders?
Way too packed on a sat night and it's only 1am
Never come here I'm brought here against my will
Very slow service and some asshole stole my phone. Wack
good happy hour specials :)
There is a mechanical bull inside of this bar. If you ask to ride it, it may be allowed.
Don't eat here at lunchtime if you expect to be fed within an hour and a half. Ridiculousness.
Try the lentil ball and stuffed vine leaves!!! Then squiZe some lemon on both of them:)) very very delicious!!!
Great tasty food & very kind waitress! :)
staja yolculuk :/
gez gez dur :)
Love the Lamb Adana Kebob (ground lamb). Good food, Friendly service, great prices. Always relaxed, never loud.
Their lamb shish kebab is delicious...and of course must order the hummus!!!
Try the grilled Bronzino with side salad or baby lamb chops.... Very good
Beware that they will probably tell you that they can only accept cash when you receive your bill. After receiving our $300 plus bill they would not let us charge on credit an asked for cash.
great falafel. lentil soup delicious! borek so yum. the greek salad is fantastic and all of the kebab platters are great. baklava too!
Love the Tamara, though whipped fish roe is not for everyone. Lamb Adama Kabob is great. Avail as a sandwich, even if it doesn't say so on their new menu.
Good food, LOUD acoustics
1st time going & loved it! Best Dolma, so tasty. & its on 54th St. not 45th St.
For dessert, try the almond pudding
Order the adana kebab. Juicy!
Mambo italiano, spicy chicken, cuban every time. The best I think :)
The cheeseburger and viagra empanadas!!! And the sauces it comes with is sooo good too!
White sangria, ftw. (It doesn't stain!!)
Has postobon sodas!! All great!!
First time dining here. I totally loved it!! I can't wait to go back. Amazing empanadas!!
If you are here try the Skirt Steak. It is so soft and juicy that will bring you back here over and over again for the same delicious food.
Pork cassava empanadas are awesome
Food is great, cheap and it's open 24 hours. It's a shame the waiter is so rude and bad at his job.
For vegetarians the mushroom and the spinach cheese empanadas are great.
Just tried this place for the first time and I will ABSOLUTELY be a regular here. Food is outstanding and well priced plus they're 24 hours, even delivery!
I recommend the plantain chips & guacamole to start, viagra empanadas, pizza empanadas, & the Elvis dessert empanadas. You won't be sorry!
Great empanadas and arepas! We tried ham& cheese arepa, cheeseburger arepa. Also, Viagra (seafood) empanada was yummiiiii and cheese corn flour empanada very good too!
My #1 nyc crave. Service is slow but I don't care! Spicy chicken empanadas have kick & taste great with yellow rice & black beans. Also: mambo Italiano & cheeseburger. Margarita=heavy on tequila.
White Sangria sucked!
The food better be amazing to make up for rudeness of the staff.
I've had better at a hole in the wall, without all the fancy choices. But hey, it's open 24 hours so you can soak up the booze in your tummy as you stumble to the train station.
Be prepared for a wait, but it's so worth it. Sangria is awesome!
Try the Parcephone Salad (via @Foodspotting)
Not impressed with the food. I had a ham and cheese arepa and I thought they were going to taste like the ones at the fair and it didn't. Not a repeat for me.
Try the Brasil - Spicy Chicken and Brazil (via @Foodspotting)
The empanadas here are delicious. The Brasil is my clear favorite.
Awesome empanadas!
Everything is the best here.
The best Empanada's I ever had
Don't get the shredded chicken... Too dry!
Order extra amounts of chimichurri sauce, aka "the green sauce." It's guaranteed to enhance each bite with 10 times the flavor
Yuca was yummy! For an added bonus it comes w a side of spicy guac for dipping.
The 'brazil' empanada is soooo good! Definitely worth the wait.
Good food but awful rude service. The host repeatedly ignored us and sat many other patrons before us. Was a favorite spot but has lost my future business!
The cheeseburger empanada is amazing, and the large sangria pitchers do not disappoint.
This place is overpriced
THE BEST escargot in NYC.  Always very happy with our meal and service.
Rude waitress, long long wait for food for a spot with less than 20 tables.
Slowwwww. I hope you have a long time for brunch and aren't very hungry.
very very good eggs Benedict... highly recommend
The steak au poivre is the most popular dish. The sole almondine is crispy, tender and herbed. The tarte tatin a la mode is also recommended.
Food is absolutely delicious
Lovely French café good for a romantic date or a nice brunch.  You can't go wrong with either the croque madame or the coq au vin.
Duck confit is a good portion, a but on the heavy side but perfect if u r hungry, good portion of other meat as well
Paella is recommended and the duck confit is very good!
Top-end prices for low-brow coffee! $6 for a double espresso?!?
Says they close at 11, but wouldn't seat us at 1030!
favorites: eggs benedict on artichoke hearts, crepes, and quiche
Eggs with ratatouille are awesome. Get with the gruyere. Everything better with cheese.
Upper east side meets Paris. Everything on the menu is exquisite. Try the massive mussels in white wine! And finish off with tart tatin.
The potatoes at brunch are terrible but the omlettes are good.
Fabulous bistro. Feels like you're in France. Love the Moules Frites in white wine sauce and the Scampi. Big thumbs up.
Cheers, cheers for this lovely and very authentic French cafe. Outstanding menu, friendly and gracious service. One of our favorite places.
I recommend.
Creme Brulee is excellent
Great coffee!
The staff was rude, the food is so-so, and if it wasn't for its location, near Grand Central, this place can be forgotten.
The grilled salmon sandwich is excellent on the baguette. Light and not too filling but with nice, fresh flavor.
Apple smoked chicken with Brie and wasabi sauce has an awesome bite.
Chocolate or almond croissants are soooo amazing here!
Very rude staff, moody and not helpful, toasted means cold and they are coughing over the food
challah french toast is to die for
Dinner jackets on the coffee cups. Ooo la la
Pricey but good food, the Avocado Chicken Sandwich is awesome and as well as the Eggplant parm, quality sandwiches rather pay $2 more for a quality sandwich than get a $5 footlong at subway
Good salads
grilled chicken sandwichs- amaze.
Get the pizza, always good when you're in a rush.
This is the best place ever for people who cant make decisions. And amazing food bar of great hot and cold items!
Not cheap.
The food is great, but they have crappy cutlery. Their crappy plastic forks and knives are not up to the job.
If you are looking for healthy options for midtown lunch - this is your place! Mediterranean buffet & made to order juice. Order the "big red" (beet, carrot, apple, & celery) for an afternoon pickup.
Buffet, Bagels and Pizza are delicious! Nice staff, everything is always fresh! Love it!
Great buffet
Great food, a little pricey but that's NYC for ya! Love the staff, extremely friendly, ask for Hector, he's the best!!
Best and Healthiest buffet I've ever tasted.
The hot bar is pretty solid here. Try the chicken kabobs when they have them.
Buffalo chix is the best value for the money!
Good place for a quick lunch.  Now that they have remodeled and added a salad bar, the place is better than ever.  The wheat crust pizza is a must try.
The service is great
Awful service...and "B" rating (not clean).
The Complete crepe
The Complete crepe with sunnyside up egg was amazing! The mix of texture and flavor is one of the best I've had for brunch in NYC. Not greasy, light and filling.
Great for brunch. Croissants are parfait! Service is sweet and unrushed. I love that I can find a bit of France in the gateway to East Harlem.
Do the "Hit & Run" $20 gets you a mimosa, hot bev, egg dish, and a croissant or toasted baguette. Delicious. Enjoy it all while listening to "Dream a little dream" and "La Vie En Rose"
Absolutely loved this place! The ambiance & service was lovely. The food was a
Absolutely amazing brunch! The warm homemade croissant with apricot jam is to die for and the coffee is delicious as well!
Get the croissants. Plus, some of the most friendly service you'll find in the ues.
Dinner Prix Fixe. Do it.
The owner is absolutely adorable. The Risotto De La Mer was delicious.
Truffled croque monsieurs and madames are divine.
Their croissants fresh out of the oven are to die for. The crepe dough is deliciously eggy, but the coffee is nothing special.
Great for this thing New Yorkers call "brunch".
ZocStar Luis named Yo In Yo Out his favorite healthy hotspot in NYC!
Home cooking, in perfect French style...in Harlem. A NYC gem.
A chocolate croissant and cappuccino to start hits the spot
Truffled Porcini Risotto is AMAZING!!
the croissants. holy shit.
I feel I am addicted now! Brunch & dinner are fantabulous!!!!
Great atmosphere...delicious & very large menu...but try the specials too!! Friends in from out of town and this was there FAVE for brunch. Go a little further uptown then normal...sooo worth it<3
The cool French owner who has the habit of saying "my pleasure" every time you thank her for service.
Great service and awesome food - bring your own wine :-)
nice cappucino and espresso. good lobster salad.
Go spain
Love this place! Cajun chicken sandwish is really good and at night the lamb!
Nice place for casual food
Byob but owner will call local store to deliver.
Le Napoleon! You're going to want extra basalmic glaze.
Spinach and lentil soup also good...try the risotto
Mushroom soup. Yes, yes, yes!
The $10.95 for two appetizers and one entree on Mondays/Tuesday is a great deal! The food was quick and delicious. The vegetables in ginger sauce was great.
Crying Udon Noodle is way too spicy!!
The delicious dumplings and spring rolls are made fresh by Bodhi..they're not the frozen kind. They also hv hot thai coffee
Siam Thai fried rice and peanut dumplings r great. Fyi, they make their own dumplings and spring rolls-NOT the frozen ones u typically get. Theirs r real fresh.
Specialty, lemon grass fish is very authentic. Asking for extra spicy if u like spiciness
$10.99 dinner, two apps and one entrée. Can't beat this price!
The chef is a Bangkok native and ex executive chef at the Oriental at Bangkok! Quality guaranteed!
Very nice people and a lot of food for just $7.
$7 Lunch Special is the Bomb!
Drunken Noodles. No downside.
Try the Minced Pork With Chili & Basil - Spicy and authentic!!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Taro Dumplings - Chewy and full of taro flavor!  (via @Foodspotting)
I have to say the authentic Thai minced pork in basil sauce was very very good. I was transported to my days of eating Thai food in Bangkok. It was super yummy.
กินผัดไทยย
I've said it before and will say it again, this is the best Thai in NYC. The playlist is on point too!
Out of all the great Thai places in NY, this is by far my favorite.
$10 for two appetizers and an entree! Only on Mon and Tues and I had leftovers!
Cheap lunch deals (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Decent food. Seats aren't that comfortable though. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Small and authentic Thai restaurant – try the Kee-Mao or the Pad Thai.  Go “exotic” with Shrimp Avocado Curry or the Crispy Fish.  Amazing lunch specials too!
I LOVE this place. Gorgeous decor, kickass luch special, tasty food. Great summer rolls and vegan dishes galore (gotta love a seitan option).
Mediocre food and slow service. $7 lunch specials  are very small. Skip it.
Where's the beef
If you're in the mood for real something really spicy, try one of their real thai spice dishes. Otherwise the pumpkin curry, duck roll & thai dumplings are all great.
Luve the crying udon noodles and roti massaman, but they're extremely stingy with the napkins.
Man that lunch special is amazing. Perfect on a college budget!
They don't accept AMEX
Pretty good Thai food. Great decor, but the Kenny G music needs to go.
For $10 on Mon & Tues, get 2 appetizers and an entree!
The Chilean Sea Bass Spicy Pot is super spicy but great flavor! My mouth was on fire but I couldn't stop eating!
Get here early while the bagels are toasty
Thanks I really didn't want mayorship here. :D
Bellini Heaven. In the summer order a "champagne slushie"
Italian food yummy yummy
Baked tagliolini woahhhh!! Also the vanilla marange cake for dessert
Best Italian!
Best "Italian" around...:)
Usual unbelievable Bellini, prosciutto & mozzarella, "Spaghetti allo Scoglio", Italian cheese cake. Extremely busy but my Italian connection with host typically gets us in with no reservation...:-D
Legit dream about those baby artichokes... with champagne of course #ffactorapproved
Seems like Bellini is really popular here. Every lady sitting outside is having one now. Tourist prices though.
Looking for models? this is the place! the Tagliatelle are the best! and go for the bellini!!!
the best italian restaurant in new york city
Vanilla cake!!!
Pastas are too Oily for Europeans
One of the best Italian in N.Y
You need to know the owners to get a table, cause everybody in there has a black card. The food is pretty good.
Bellini at the bar, Baccala' for appetizer then ossobuco, or any of the pasta dishes (mezzi rigatoni alla matriciana or spaghetti with clams) and finish off with Italian cheesecake.
Karaoke is such a great time here. Be sure to bring the black card.
Best way to spend a summer day ... sipping Bellini's at Cipriani's
Try a Bellini from its creator, add the Baked Tagliolini! DONE!
the best italian food on nyc
Start with a bellini.  Salute!
LaLa Vazquez and Carmelo Anthony tied the knot here
LaLa Vazquez and Carmelo Anthony tied the knot here
The Ultimate Bellini Best in NYC
Just order the polenta! So delicious! Filet mignon,spaghetti and bolengse is yummy and don't forget the Bellini!
The Ultimate Bellini Best in NYC
Hotspot for trendy socialites. 60 Thompson concierge Paul says that if you ask nicely, they might let you up into the private club.
The tagliatelli pasta with ham is amazing.  It is their specialty as are their amazing bellini's.  Love the ambiance!
Another family favorite is Cipriani Downtown on West Broadway. They do an avocado + greens salad that is nearly spiritual to eat. Their green linguine with pesto and a side of grilled salmon is divine
This is where the glamorous people hang out.
Horrible coffee. Bland food.
Get the porterhouse for 2; medium rare = perfection. MUST HAVE truffle creamed spinach. Finish w/ chocolate cake. Not a fan of sweets but loved the cake.
Best service I've had ever since I moved to NYC 2 years ago! Needless to say the food is just amazing!
see russian girls strip on www.cammatrix.ru
If they have the bone-in filet, definitely get it with bernaise. The goose fat potatoes are overrated but the corn and truffled spinach are great sides. Skip the chocolate cake.
YUM. Ribeye is the way to go.  Must try the pretzel roll from the bread basket and creamed spinach. Expect a wait, even with a res.
High priced steaks! I found nothing special here... Very closely spaced tables, But service is not bad.
The new bar next door is perfect for a good steak nosh.
Join us at the bar from 5-7pm today (Friday, 7/27) for a COMPLIMENTARY scotch tasting, for National Scotch Day! Featuring Balvenie's 12 and 21-Year Malts, and Glenfiddich's 15-Year Single Malt Scotch.
The namesake steak at Strip House Grill, 11 E 12 St., is flavorful&less chewy than some of its brethren. Homemade ice cream is memorable. Service is good, as is the overall effect, in clubby environs.
The namesake steak is flavorful&less chewy than some of its brethren. Homemade ice cream with fresh fruit in a pastry shell is memorable. Service is good, as is the overall effect, in clubby environs.
The namesake steak is flavorful&less chewy than some of its brethren. Homemade ice cream with fresh fruit in a pastry shell is memorable. Service is good, as is the overall effect, in clubby environs.
Dine with us for lunch EXCLUSIVELY during Summer Restaurant Week, July 16th - Aug 10th, Monday – Friday. Featuring a 3-course Prix-Fixe lunch menu for just $24.07. Reserve online now!
Dine with us for lunch in the recently opened Grill – right next door – EXCLUSIVELY during Summer Restaurant Week, July 16th - Aug 10th, Monday - Friday. Reserve online now!
Chateaubriand + 24 layer cake.
Now part of the BRGuest Restaurant group and found their new addition, downstairs bar
Malbec and bone in Ribeye!
Great place to eat Strip House food without the elbow to elbow crowd, especially if you're dining at the bar.
Ribeye. Also the truffle creamed spinach. Also if they have the bone in filet, it's not to be missed. Also, ask for Jim.
cool looking web sitehttp://www.striphousegrill.com/
Don't bank on your rezzie. Been waiting an hour and we had a reservation. Ridiculous
Strip House13 E 12th St (btw 5th and University Pl.), New York, NY 10003Steakhouse
Meh. Give me Keans. Trying too hard, incongruous against Union Square. B+, but not worth the $
Filet Mignon, creamed spinach, red wine ..I loved the fresh watermelon juice palate cleanser
The Ribeye
My favourite NY strip!
Try the Sesame Encrusted Seared Tuna (via @Foodspotting)
Black truffle creamed spinach is quite tasty.
Strip House13 E 12th St (btw 5th and University Pl.), New York, NY 10003(212) 328-0000
go for the layered chocolate cake! a must not miss on the menu!  also check out the vintage photos on the wall, equally sweet!
huge portions. skip appettizers. go for rib-eye with spinach
Try the bambootori snowballs for dessert. Nice...
Try the chicken or pork meatballs! They're very tasty!
The foodie menu is awesome!!
Asparagus w/bacon skewer and salad with Soy Ginger dressing (citrus dressing is too viscous) if you want a traditional yakitori experience. Don't forget to doodle on the mirrors!
If this is your first time, try Foodie first, then add on something if you want something more, like a portobello mushroom skewer. While I prefer rice, their fresh green salad is fine, too.
Had such a great time here! The frosting is really buttery, which worked great with the Maple Walnut. The flower decorations are amazing too!
It's no longer Cupcake Cafe. When did they leave & get replaced w/ generic supermarket cupcakes?
tucked inside a children's bookstores, these cupcakes are always beautifully decorated with a diff floral theme each season. they don't just look pretty, but they're tasty too!
Their cupcakes are works of art....and there's a great bookstore under the same roof.
Not the best but very good.
A whimsical wonderland of delectable treats and delightful children's classics next door
Try a cupcake. The other major nyc cupcake shops pile on absurd amounts of buttercream frosting; Cupcake Cafe is the antidote for buttercream OD. And they're beautiful.
Lots of kids running around due to the cafe being connected to a children's book store. Great cupcakes and a nice place to bring kids if you're babysitting.
Perfect cupcakes if you aren't in the mood for super sweet frosting. I recomend the maple walnut. It is so good! The flowers are all so pretty too.
Great cupcakes!
$3 happy hr on beers from 3-6. Blue moon and peroni on draft
The buffalo chicken salad and gnocchi are both delicious.
Bruschetta was delicious!  Food was all good here, but waitress could be better... No personality at all.
The parmiggiana here is probably the worst pizza in the world...
Great pizza, perfect service, enjoy!
One of my favorite places to order from on the Lower East Side. If you eat there, they've got a decent selection of wine.
Knicks vs heat
50% discount with foursquare special!
Worlds best pizza 07&09! Check it out and rock the Smokin Goodfella. While ur at it download SNOCRU for free
The lunch special is amazing value. The chicken parm is delicious!
The Rigatoni alla Vodka pasta is to die for!!!
Get the alla vodka pizza minus the prosciutto.  .
Pizzas rock, as do the wraps and Chicken Parm
Free wifi. Password is goodfellasguest
Smokin Goodfella. I like to sub pepperoni instead if sausage and they are happy to swap for you!
Excellent salmon dinner...
Wow. Get a pizza with the red pepper cream sauce on it. Damn.
STACY IS THE BAHMB
Tasty pizzas and wonderful service!
Excellent pizzas and wonderful setvic
Good pizza. Alla vodka, and smokin goodfella.
one dollar oysters every day of the week. Yummm
Best ribs I've ever had! :) yum!!!
Love the haricots vert. Never disappointed. Tasty!
Sit at the bar with Ben !!
Tuesday special: mussels
Sunday brunch: get the Arcane bake eggs
Try the Grilled Calamari (via @Foodspotting)
Ask for the hot sauce. It'll knock your socks off.
Amex and cash only
Prix Fixe is a great deal. But I would pass on the hangar steak
Jenlain. One of the few places you can get it in the city.
i always take warm calamari salad it's perfect as a starter and after one hanger steack... its real pleassure.
The arcane bake eggs are bomb diggity.
Turn your coffee cup sideways and have a space battle. Pew pew.
Order the banana flambee for desert but swap out the rum raisin ice cream for chocolate. Money!
Sunday brunch special: coffee, OJ, bloody mary, baked eggs, side of bacon. Happy.
The codfish croquettes are amazing!!
Shrimp heart of palm salad was delectable.  app or whole meal.
LOVE !French caribbean food... Delish!  Drinks are inexpensive!
The $10.95 brunch is fantastic. Great food and comes with coffee, OJ and brunch cocktail.
Check out their $9.95 daily specials! Tuesday's is mussels...
Order a side of bacon with your brunch. It will be so worth it!
Brunch is amazing but only on Sundays!
Try the health sandwich- hummus.chopped salad.brown organic egg. Tahini!!
Easy-to-miss gem with lovely and personable Israeli owner! Vegetarian, vegan, carnivore-friendly, this tiny restaurant serves addicting fresh hummus, at approachable prices.
Salted caramel. Yes. Ask for a sample but you won't really need it. Mmmmm.
They didn't have toffee topping of any kind... Big disappointment. Will go back though. Very tasty
Excellent self-serve Fro-Yo (one of the best), but pricey at $.59 per oz.
For veg/vegan friends they offer tofu, tofu sour cream and vegan cheese!
Awesome margaritas! Even better quesadillas
Pink bulldog has been discontinued
Margaritas are cheap. But with that comes cheap tequila, a cheap falored mix, old frozen limes, and a stomach ache to last for days.
Great food. Great price!
Margaritas are good & strong (and cheap).  Food is not that good (even after a couple margaritas) & very noisy atmosphere.  Go for drinks only!
fun cheap spot for mexi food in mid town!
Anyone think the sour cream tasted funny tonight?
They won't seat you until your ENTIRE party is present
Mexican Bulldogs are AMAZING! The food is so so. Burritos are okay, but if you want the tacos, you're better off getting an Old El Paso taco kit.
Try the Huevos rancheros (via @Foodspotting)
This service blowssss. I'm waiting 30 minutes for a margarita and my food is already here. Sweet job guys, greaaaaaat service
Try the Orange Flower - 1/2 mimosa, 1/2 margarita  (via @Foodspotting)
Tofu sour cream. Enough said.
The pink bulldog is a must
Food came super fast, our server was very nice (his name was Mark I think) and the BBQ Chicken burrito is great!
They discontinued the veggie chili! I'm distraught.
The new staff is lame, I miss all the old people : /
Raspberry margaritas for the drunken win. DO IT.
The pink bulldog is the business
Order a mexican bomb to get bombed
Best damn margaritas!
Drinks are strong. Food is mediocre. Service is terrible.
You're not human if you don't order a Bulldog Margarita.
Decent drinks. Below mediocre food.  Pretty good service though. And no, no need to make a reservation.
Everything I've ever had at Blockheads is good. And yay for cheap margaritas! Love the black flower!
Mexican bulldog is a must
Get as drunk as you possibly can
The bulldog was a little overrated and not as strong. Don't see why you have to make reservations, just a small Mexican cantina. Too much hype
They serve food here too! Mexican salad with chicken is my fave.
Open till 5am.  The perfect post-drinking food.
Go with the chicken unda rolls. Make sure to request extra spicy
Kati rolls are always good for bookending your nights. New favorites - Unda Aloo and Unda Shami. But two because no one can eat just one.
Get 2 if you're hungry! The Chicken Unda and Aloo Masala rolls were good on a paratha. Not too spicy if you like spicy food.
If you are an Indian, don't go there because you have read rave reviews, go there because this is the best you can get outside India. Nothing fancy if you ask me!
A perfect snack
This is a great place for authentic Indian Kati rolls...a must "check in"!
Kati Roll used to be great. The food sucks now.
Two shami rolls are sure to satisfy! With a sprinkling of ground chilies...YUM!
The chicken tikka roll rocks - spicy and full o' flavor!
You can't go wrong with the beet root Kati roll and the ground lamb one! Ask for ground chili on the side.
One Lamb (shammi) and Aloo (potato) is all you need!
Scan the QR code on your receipt for a free soda.
The food was OK because my roll was a little try and they DONT give any extra sauce!
Their paneer Kati roll is amazing.  Worth doubling up on!
Try the mix veggie....
Simply amazing experience!
Good rolls, but won't give you extra hot sauce if you ask for it
The front door is hard to open!
Call in your order the line is nuts
Open late - great for a midnight snack. The shrimp masala roll is a delicious addition to the menu, and the chicken tikka is a popular choice. Almost everything else on the menu is great too though.
Get the Chana Masala (chickpea) and Chicken Tikka Masala
its awsome
The paneer roll is heavenly awesome...
Best Vegetarian rolls are Paneer Achari roll and Aloo Masala roll.
Shami kebab or bust, legit roll for your 3am fix.
Get a masala chai if you're feeling a little cold
New veggie roll is amaze
Holy crap!! This place is super yummy! Chicken Tikka Masala Roll all the way
Much larger and warmer than the downtown location, same great rolls! Handicapped accessible and has a restroom.
Beef Tikka is the best.
Great place to try Kathi Rolls.Chicken kathi and beef kathi personal favs.Paneer kathi gr8 going by my veg pals.Painful process in doling out the orders beware! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
$5 gets you a snack: one small chicken tikka roll packed w/ flavor (wish there was more sauce!). $9  gets you two rolls, which is a more substantial meal.
Hands down the best, most authentic indian food
Paneer Roll better than all rolls. Dif
Poor service + expensive prices = bad restaurant. The Malai Kulfi on the menu is ice cream, not even close to authentic kulfi. Chinese Mirch is a much better place.
Very bad service. Took over 20 minutes just to get menus. Avoid this place if possible.
Service is horrible and if you have more than two people they automatically at gratuity.
If u have a severe constipation or just wanna clean ur bowls, go to Nanking. And u will have an unforgettable "afterparty" in the bathroom.
Enjoy excellent sushi at Nanking Express with the best sake in the world on World Sake Day. Specials all day!
The food was very delicious. My friend and I were able to split the General Tso's chicken... HOWEVER, they took half an hour to bring our check to us... Awful service.. I would go again though :)
Good pad thai for a low price!
The manager did not know anything about the Foursquare special. What the hell?
Food was just ok, not bad but not good. Price was high for a small entree, and the service was poor. Not planning a return visit.
Skip it. Barely passable food and lackluster service.
Coriander garlic chicken was delish! Very flavorful and perfect amount of spice. Drums of Heaven (appetizer) was a bit too spicy for us and we usually love spicy food.
Best tip would be, go somewhere else... Service is bad, food is worse.
Drums of heaven n Hakka chilli chicken r good!!
I have never tried better lambchops in my life. Omg
The dumpling sauce here is AMAZING!!!
Since the tip is already included the service is slooooooowwwww!
Come btwn 2:30-5:30 1/2 entree & drinks! If u like spicy: Shrimp in hot grlic sauce is great! Shrimp is jumbo n generous.
Slooowwwww service
Awkward service. Mandatory gratuity...
Ooooh.. Drums of HEAVEN. Highly Recommonded!
Hakka Chilli Chicken with Hot and Sour soup. 10.89 lunch special from Mon-Fri. Add a shit ton of the red chilli sauce and you have yourself the best meal ever.
$9.95 lunch special (soup, rice, entree) mon-fri 11a-3p. Lamb and shrimp $2 extra
Decent prix fix option in midtown that's never rally crowded.
Drums of heaven and sweet corn soup is really good
The Black Chicken is delicious! Ask for extra spicy. Hot!! Nice atmosphere.
This place is worth skipping. Below average food and service
credit card machine not working...cash only.
Legendary chefs gather to create dishes inspired by favorite films at fundraiser called “Knives! Camera! Action! Star Chefs Salute the Silver Screen for the Benefit of Citymeals-on-Wheels.”
All out of scorpion :(
The tapas really are great; I loved the grilled vegetable! The seafood rice dish we got was just mediocre, though.
Ask for Linda. She makes amazing drinks!!
The Chorizo Pintxos are amazing!
$5 Sangria during Happy hour!!
Chili cheese free are to die for and grab a glass bottle come tastes amazing!
Loved the cheese fries...
There are delicious wings now! Definitely a great late night spot to satisfy a variety of palates. Also, the staff are great!
Let the chili fries put you to sleep.  Let the chili fries soak up all your excessive sins.  Is there anything these chili fries can't do?
Best burger in the LES, never dissapoints!!
Five words: way better than shake shack.
Sadly it seem that Mikey's has been turned over to the hands of new management.
Drunk and needed a burger at 10:30 on a friday night. 45mins later food arrived. Burger was great! Fries soggy, but not bad. Milkshake great
Try the lamb burger with spicy mayo and jalepenos. It's oh so wonderful, especially for those nursing a hangover.
The BLT should be named the LBT and it should stand for legit burger territory.
Alright. I'm about to say something that is going to sound really crazy and unreasonable... but Mikey's is BETTER than West Coast's In'n'Out! Big statement, I know. But it is seriously perfect!!
Late night lamb #inmymouth
The people who work here are really rude, but the good food usually makes up for it. Usually.
Great place. Talk to the owner if you get a chance. Really nice guy.
Lamb Burger. It's what they'll recommend if you ask. Get your fries separate if you're feeling hungry, they'll give you more.
The burgers are fat and juicy. Wow best burger I've had in 2012 :).
$9 lunch special until 4pm. Burger/turkeyburger, fries and a coke.
Wow:-)  great food
Get the turkey burger!
Best chili cheese fries in the city. Also, white sesame shake. Burgers are blah
Ask for the fries extra crispy.
Mikey's is a favorite of our guys that live on the LES. The cheese burgers, cheese fries, hot dogs, and strawberry shakes are the top picks at Mikey's.
It's hard to find a better burger in the LES, especially during late-night hours. Don't leave without getting a shake!
The Chili cheese dog, side-o-fries, and a chocolate milkshake was a solid decision, but I got burger envy. I'd suggest getting both!
Awesome joint, but better to just pee in the street...
Went here around midnight. The staff was so rude I left before my order was ready
Everything here is good. Seriously. The burgers, the shakes, the sauce...it's not the cheapest in the world, but it's one of the best in the city.
Good, honest food. Quick and friendly service, no bullshit in the kitchen or front-of-house. Again: real food. I am a fan.
Quick delicious burger before or after the bar! Order the lamb patty.
Grab the Chili Cheese dog. Cheapest thing on the menu and REALLY GOOD
My favorite pizza place. Slices are $2 and are HUGE, and the crust has a nice sweet taste.
Baby Pie on the go.
one bite and your mushroom tip speaks for itself!!
This mayor should fight for a third term
Go with plain yogurt and waffle.  Can't go wrong.
Get a stamp card to earn your free yogurt
$7 for $14 Worth of Frozen Yogurt, Liege Belgian Waffles, and Young Thai Coconuts at Pop Yogurt.  Buy on dealigee.com
Excellent waffles -- better than most places in Brussels. Get them plain and delicious.
The Thai fried rice with brown rice and chicken is quick and delicious
Be prepareD to use cash. There is a minimum $15 to use a credit card! CRAP THAT'S A LOT.
All of the food here is good.
Probably the best $10 Pad Thai in the city. I actually think it is better out of the cart. Get it spicy.
It's very likely you'll wait 40 minutes for your to-go order during lunch. You've been warned.
If you're looking for the "express" service get the "Rice Over Rice" meal, otherwise don't complain about the wait.
Holy shit! You will wait at least 45 mins for take out and if you ask for your money back they will laugh at you.
Best gluten free fried rice in the city.
Grab a drink before you hop in line. $15 credit card minimum!
2010 Michelin Recommended
I can deal with the music because the two girls behind the counter are just sooo sweet.  Love this place.
Lemongrass chicken wrap is awesome (and spicy!)/ Call ahead during lunch
Fresh coconut juice (out of a real coconut)
Order in advance and then pick up
try the Kao Soi Chicken with green curry! it's amazing. also, definitely call ahead.
Obnoxiously long wait during lunch
They should really update prices on the board inside and out. Actual prices are higher, slightly misleading.
Delicious but painfully slow & rather unapologetic after screwing up an order.
Best Thai I have ever had but resist the temptation to try the General Tsos Chicken.
Ginger chicken & white rice is wonderful. One of my go-to lunch places in the area.
Lemongrass wraps are a must here.
Try the curry puffs, but you better call ahead, as they usually only have them in the evenings. Also the spicy beef and lemongrass chicken wraps are good.
The pork fried rice is awesome. Order it extra spicy.
The wait is ridic in person. Order by phone/online for pick up instead.
Thai Tacos on the menu starting Aug 11
Ask about their member only place at their other location.
Slowly redefining the word "express."
Their vegetable dumplings are my all-time fav
The duck wrap is simply amazing!  Make sure to call ahead though.
These are the nicest servers you will ever meet. Lemongrass Chicken wrap (or Super Express Lunch Special for the win). Ask for it spicy - they will put fresh thai chillies in there. WOW - no words.
U need get in nyu building pass all the security 2 get in
Roast pork sandwich is unbelievable!
Lg iced coffee is $1.25 after 3pm.  But today's batch tastes burnt
If you are visiting NYU Medical Center or the Alexandria Center this is a great place for breakfast or lunch. Great atmospherics given the Apple Store-like glass box it's in. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Foods great
Coffee happy hour, 3-5 PM, half price coffee
Follow Wichcraft on Twitter and get a free cream wich
Cute new spot. Look out for Brujas.
good tomato soup... friendly cashiers/waiters are talkative and helpful during the 3PM-6PM coffee happy hour (half off all coffee drinks!)
The Poquito Picante... I'll have one more please. Just one. I promise.
Blackberry gimlet is the best!
A must-try: fried watermelon. Don't ask how, try it! A huge hit! A tiny bit spicy, too.
Try the guacamole and cod. Amazing.
The kale is fantastic
Their Poquito Picante is one of the best cocktails in the city. Seriously, I bring people here just to try it.
Reasonably priced wine list exists for traditionalists, but serves up serious cocktails Oh, and if you've never had watermelon, avocado, or hearts of palm fries, now's your chance!
Deep fried watermelon
Great food. Great bartender and friendly staff. A must every time I'm in NYC.
Fish tacos are insane.  Watermelon / Avocado fries are also really good.  Fun place for a group dinner
Nice food!! Great cocktails and the service is fast!! ;)
The cod. Hands down one of the best things on the menu. And get the trio of fries.
Forget the trio, the Watermelon fries are the best - delicious combo of crunchy+juicy!
Come Sunday nights for the live music and order yourself a Poquito Picante.
The arepas are delicious but messy! Watch out when you take a bite.
Tucked among other banal-sounding vegetable side dishes is the spinach with figs. Order it.
Super noisy and the food was overdone.
Amazing cocktails- get the  dark and stormy. Shared food amongst the table so I can safely say everything is delicious!
Watermelon fries and empanada were the highlights. Forgo the guacamole - its ehh!
The waiter told us the Foursquare special we unlocked only applied at the bar. Pfft.
Eggs benedict was soo good
1 hour unlimited brunch cocktails!
Make your tastebuds happy. Give them an easy, refreshing drink. Call for a BULLDOG and tonic with a dash of lime.
The short ribs were fantastic. Empanadas were good but you only get 2.
Sunday brunch plates. And best mimosas.
Watermelon fries! Get the trio: watermelon, yuca, and avocado
Alex makes an excellent Pisco Sour or anything with fresh ingredients. Great cocktail bar!!
The Fish Tacos, Empanadas and Hamachi Ceviche are perfect for sharing, while the Churros can't be best as far as desserts. All of the cocktails are standouts - we can't stop ordering the Chupacabra!
Yerba Buena Perry1 Perry St. (at Greenwich Ave.), New York, NY 10014Latin American Restaurant, Steakhouse, Cocktail Bar
Try the manchego croquettes! The empanadas and Peruvian corn are also delicious.
$6 sixer of pbr. All day errday
Macarella---coconut macaroon with gooey Nutella insides. So much delicious.
Cranberry Scone and a large iced coffee costs $5, and the scone was delicious! I want Sweetery to stay on Hudson permanently!
Delicious desserts on the run. They made an amazing coconut wafer thin cookie.
Their croissants are perfection, especially the savory ones! And hot chocolate FTW!!!
I dropped a Collectivus Cherry Lime Chocolate Cupcake of Nom-Nom-Nom Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
The pumpkin whoopie pie is delicious!
They often have a stash of quiches in the back, not just the ones you see in the window.
Get the Macarella. Hands down the best item. It's Nutella sandwiched between two macaroons, yum!
Snickerdoodle cookies.
The skim milk latte is amazing! A perfect way to start the day.
I love their quiche and croissants but their spinach croissant is seriously the most disgusting pastry I've ever had. *blech* One bite and my appetite was shot (and I love spinach)!
Their brownies are amazing & their iced coffee.
They'll be at 50th bw 6th and 7th ave today at 3 pm giving away free cupcakes-don't miss it!
Nutella croissant!
Try the flour less, chocolate chip, walnut cookie...A-Mazing!
Best coffee in the area.
Best coffee...steamed milk is key! Love their frequent buyer card.
The chocolate chip cookies are too hard. Get something else!
$5.95 for a large coffee and a raisin danish. But I must say - it was by far one of the best pastries I've ever had. I'm sure I'll be back.
The Chocolate Chip cookies are amazing!
The macarella (hazelnut macaroon hybrid) is out of this world. & though they r a sweets truck, their spinach croissant is amazing
Had the hot chocolate....dont have many words for it.
Best Desserts I have EVER had! Coconut Macaroon with Nutella in the middle is crunchy yet still melts in your mouth! True foodie speaking!
If you're stopping by at breakfast, don't overlook the freshly made brioche rolls, which you can get custom filled with preserves or pastry cream - way better than a donut.
Nice treat if you pass by it on your travels :)
The lemon mini loaf is perfection!
Find the truck and get the pumpkin bread! It is the Best, but runs out fast!
Try the pumpkin whoopee pie - it's amazing!
Flourless cookies taste funny...
Try the macarella cookie, a coconut macaroon Nutella with in the middle.
Tisserie is awesome... if i recall correctly i think there was one in Union Square....
Staff was friendly, but the food wasn't very tasty. Not Italian at all.
Nice little restaurant, very friendly people.. Me like.
I will be coming back here for the gnocchi a lot.
they only take American express and cash!
Love this place. Make sure you brung cash because they don't take cards. :)
Chicca, formerly L'Ulivo, has the freshest Italian fare in SoHo. Off the menu tip- ask for the focaccia - it'll transport you straight to the Italian countryside.
Inexpensive, good wine selection, great service. Pasta... pretty decent.
they only accept amex
delicious pasta
Walk away. Quickly!!
Love the thin delicious pizza!
Get the iced cappuccino. It's delicious and perfect on a hot afternoon.
Only nice priced place on the corner
Pastries are 2/$1 when the store is about to close later at night! Actually don't know what time exactly this starts but it has been the case the two times I've gone
Eggtarts are delish. Especially when warm!Get the mango ricecake too.
Fantastic Portuguese egg tarts for 90¢. Such a good drunk dessert.
Butterfly cookies are great with coffee. Split one with a friend.
Tea w/ coffee is surprisingly good. I get it every time I come!
Try the mushroom (funchi) pizza
Prices are a wee bit steep for the pasta dishes, but the pizza is good here.
If you get Luna pizza, double check whether they actually have truffle oil
Chicken Voldastano, the best thing they make. And ask for a pesto pizza as an app, it's not on the menu.
Pretty slow service if ur young
Try the pan fried noodles. Little expensive, but nice.
My faves are the chow mein plates & the steamed dumplings.
Best bargain in town. Tons of juice for cheap that makes your body sing.
They use Square to process mobile payments! Friendly, colorful decor too.
Nice service and cute little place
Jewelry on the wall is fun! I love the Rose Tea w/ Honey!
Go before it's replaced with an IHOP.
If you ever wanted to shit like a king, or at least a top level investment broker, now is your chance! You’d imagine the toilet in the greasy spoon Olympic  Diner...
The bathroom is serving executive Realness. No for real.
Check out the executive loo located just up the back stairs!
This restaurant has been on a variety of tv shows like NYPD BLUE, LAW & ORDER (all shows based in NYC), THIRD WATCH, RESCUE ME & BLUE BLOODS...
One of the last remaining landmarks of the Lower East Side. Olympic must be doing something right with it's old tradition to remain in an area occupied by franchises...
A greasy spoon in every sense.  Will cure your hangover on the cheap!
Wow. This place is divey. Take a journey upstairs to the bathroom if you dare. Very scenic.
Simple diner. Went here for a cheap breakfast. Very friendly and unpretentious. Don't expect anything flash, but really glad we went.
Banana pancakes, side of Bacon, two cups of diner coffee, farewell hangover!
The best iced coffee in all the land.
Amazing arepa con queso!
testing tipppp
3rd place foursquare has sent me to today that was closed.
Rich in protein, incredibly fresh, and a great value, their tuna melt sandwich kept me running the rest of the afternoon. The best part is the bread; the backyard garden ambiance is a close second.
Great Deals, Tuesday half price wine, Wednesday mojito and caipirinha and Thursday margarita day everything half price!!
fish n banana sandwich, muqueca, corn n coconut cake...i could go on... ;)
I was wary about their tilapia and fried banana burger, but it's actually quite tasty. Good place for a late brunch if you're a small group (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Been coming here for over a year now. Owner Claudia S. makes you feel at home. The food is great and the garden is one the neighborhood's best kept secrets.
Incredible crepes!
Order the Bee's brew (hot cider & rum) and matzo balls!
Claudia Steves, owner of Bee Desserts & Cafe, worked on Wall St. for 10 years before coming up with her now famous honey cakes.
Get the honey cake. I had the original and it was excellent!
Has a cute back patio - don't bother with breakfast here, overpriced and lacks good service. Prob best to stick with desserts only .
Great garden space. Good food. Service is iffy.
Garden in back is hidden gem in wv
The original honey cakes are unique and wonderful.
I think more desserts need to be added for it 2 actually be Bee Desserts. SMH. #disappointed
The Swiss based cheese fondue is the bomb!!!!
Guava cake is a bit too sweet for my taste
Ask for the garlic fried chicken chunks, they are not on the menu, and they are ONE of the best things in the world!
Best honeycakes ever! Omg.
The desserts are incredible.  Chocolate-covered honey cake or crepes...  Beautiful garden.  Great addition to the West Village.
Very nice place has a beatiful garden ,the food is very good,the best cake is corn and coconut cake,also the salmon is great! Had a nice romantic night there is the best place!
Pissaladiere crepe.
Good service but bland Southern food. Try the cucumber mint lemonade.
Fries are Made with really potatoes!! (With skin). :D
I came in for chicken and waffles and ended up getting catfish and a pecan waffles. And so happy I did.
Gravely underrated spot. Best home cooked down south food. Come for the yummy chicken & sweet potato waffles, stay put w succulent baby back ribs, finish w warm pecan pie.
chicken & waffles
Go for the sweet potato waffle with your chicken.
Yum! Chicken and a sweet potato waffle... excellent.
Salty N Peppa... SQUID BOIIIIII!!!!!!!!
Peking Pork and Crispy Orange Beef.
Their noodle soup is very good. They actually offered me more broth, since I ate all of it and none of the noodles - awesome!!! Also don't wear a white T when you come here...
The chicken lollipop was awesome. The pho wasn't really authentic but good.
Don't take offense if the waiter is a jerk to you. - It's nothing personal.
Call for a classic BULLDOG Gimlet to start the night off right.
Look out the front window longingly at life passing you by as you gracefully eat delicately simple noodle soup.
391 2nd Ave Bet 22 and 23rd. 2127257770
Be sure to talk to Chris when it comes to Sake recommendations. Food is good and pretty authentic too. Never had a problem with the service.
Great lunch spot.
Love the pho and spring rolls. Taro fries are also addicting!
Taro fries and sweet n sour soup - its packed with celery, okra and pineapple!
Get the Spicy Beef & Pork Hue Style. Amazing bowl of soup, noodles, and general deliciousness!
Food is excellent
Taro fries and beef curry was bangin.... Lunch here I can't say the same.  Stick to dinner great meal!
Just sat next to Emily, she's overreacting. Service is great and so are the prices. Food is even better.
They don't honor happy hour here when you use a groupon even though they don't tell you that. Service sucks too!
Curry Bahn mi
Awesome noodle shop!
4pm to 7pm
Happy Hour Mon to Friday. Special prices on drinks and appetizers :-)
Great food!, casual atmosphere Love the lollipop chicken, taro fries & summer rolls!
Salt and Pepper Squid is Perfect!
Taro fries are AMAZING!
Vegetarian pho is delicious! Add all of the hot sauce ... You won't be sorry!
Da nang crabmeat is actually just Lanzhou noodles with seafood
Try the summertime.. Under the sakitinis..It's sooo good.. And make sure u tip the bartender that's there on Thursdays & Sundays. She's my friend.
Veggie spring rolls are the best
Great casual spot, the iron pot fish is amazing
The pork is a bit spamlike, but the beef stew is really yummy
The Spring rolls are yummy!
transports you to Vietnam - but in a good way. ;-) the frogs legs are yummy.
..love people watching while eating and  look for Steve,he's the man!The food is great and the service crew are amazing!:)
Best diner within a square a mile. Awesome soups.
Awful diner,  they can't even make a simple Omelette and even the toast tastes bad.  AVOID this place like the plague.
They gave us MAYO instead of BUTTER for the french toast. THREE coffees instead of TWO. OVER EASY instead of POACHED. In ONE VISIT. No thank you.
i didnt eat there | i merely sat down to ponder the numbers of the winning ticket for the 550m powerball ||
Massive salads. Try the Orion Salad.
Orion platter is >
Try the 2nd ave salad with balsamic vinegar. Beautiful! Wonderful, nice people.
Sweet staff, never rush you, and the food is decent enough. The rib specials are great - braised shortribs and BBQ ribs both fantastic. Good value for money.
Formerly Cosmo's Diner. Recently remodeled and under new ownership. Seems very nice. Clean tables, clean bathrooms.
Many of the tips are from when this was Cosmos...ignore them!  Good place to grab a bite and reasonably priced.  Check out Mcswiggans for a drink after dinner!
The food was decent(so was Cosmos) and their were a few more heads in the place but our server was miserable.
Servers are great, food is great and they have sweet potato fries.
Closed and replaced by Orion Diner & Grill
The Grand Opening was today, Thursday 2/2/2012. Goodbye Cosmos Diner and Hello Orion Diner And Grill.
Not worth it.
Don't see a rating here.....hmmmmm
This place has such bad service.... DO NOT eat here.... They dont come to check on you they dont do crap.....
The food is bland, so I don't see any reason to come here, other than if you are researching the classic American diner culture for your novel or article
Definitely found a many-legged bug in my turkey wrap. The owner tried to tell me it was a naturally occuring thing one can expect when eating lettuce. No. Thank you.
Best diner ever. Steve is the man
Late night cheese fries and gravy, oh yeah
Dale is out of his filthy mind motzi sticks are awesome. Avoid the potato skins.
Our original NYC diner. Staff aren't very friendly, but the burgers are genuine and the pickles are excellent.
Avoid the mozarella sticks. Grilled cheese, not bad.
My everyday breakfast spot. Affordable, not insanely busy like other places, and the staff remembers my orders. Great people/great service.
Stale bagels and really slow service. Would not recommend
Cheap & easy breakfast in Chelsea Market. Basic sandwich / bagel offerings, and 2 for 1 after 5p.
Macadamia nut cookies at the bakery are amazing. They melt in your mouth.
Croissant was a bit stale. Go to Amy's for a croissant.
Get there early for the best hot food options. The baked chicken is delish but goes quickly!
Ginger bread houses at chistmas look good. Prolly need to be rich to buy one
2 for 1 sandwiches after 5pm
DO NOT get the macaron. They were hard as rock! Don't be tempted by the price!
Try the Turkey Pita. Fills you up and the fresh ingredients are very refreshing.
Get a protein and two sides for $8 -- enough food for lunch, dinner, and second dinner.
Byob here stealth style and the waiter won't care
cheapest food in chelsea market. try the lasagna
Order breakfast from the guy in the big hoop earrings!
Thin crust pizzas are super - try the lardo as well as Gorgonzola, pear & truffle. Great wine too!
Terrible service! Some of the worst service I've experienced in nyc. Cheese plate came with a legit molded cheese (not yummy fancy moldy- it was rancid molded). Avoid this place!
Deal: Grab drinks at the bar during happy hour and get a free pizza!
I agree with the others' tip: order the Gorgonzola, pear & truffle oil pizza. Perfect for a share! The beef short ribs-stuffed ravioli wasn't their best, but still a nice dish!
The food here is pretty good but the service is horrendous. They are very rude and we waited forever in between courses. There's better food and service in the neighborhood.
Be on the lookout for low key celebs here!
Try one of their five classic Italian cocktails!
Pear, Gorgonzola Pizza with truffle oil is amazing.
Gorgonzola, Pear & Truffle oil pizza...don't leave without trying it!
The 25 well-selected wines are offered by the quartino, though priced by the glass. Cocktails blend freshly-squeezed juices with gin, Prosecco and Italian aperitifs -- Aperol, Campari, Averna.
This warm and kid friendly Italian trattoria offers a ridiculously simple menu – but all you really need to try is Gorgonzola & Pear Pizza, it’s really that good.
Gorgonzola with truffle oil and pears is off the charts a must try when in here :-) .
Best Caesar salad I've ever had.
Best brunch in TriBeCa/the world. Unlimited cocktails and the porchetta Benedict is incredible. Don't get anything else. Ever.
Everything is amazing. Atmosphere. Food. Service. Everything.
Free flatbread, olives and parmesan at bar most evenings. Huge wine pours.
amazing, amazing PIZZA, esp the Lardo White w rosemary, huge space, go with a crowd, brunch. see photos at: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=122886&id=765634189&l=3e83518c0d
Gorgonzola, pear, and truffle oil pizza. Try it.
Massive profiteroles. Period.
excellent food, but service is kind of slow.
The BEST authentic Italian pizza in NYC!
Wow, amazing atmosphere and perfect, friendly service in Tribeca. Super classy. Did brunch here, but would be great for a hot dinner date...wide range of occasions. Brunch: try the signature bloody ma
Try the Short Rib Ravioli! De-lish!
The cinque panini is delicious.
Convenient sandwiches, wraps, soups, and salads
This place made me the worse cappuccino EVER! Horrible service! Never again!
This food I just got is disgusting...worst place in TriBeCa.  Go to Peace and Love across the street instead (better prices and better food).
Great sandwiches and salads!
P5 all day
They play sassy music here. Like it.
This should be one of your go-to places for lunch – try the Pear Salad, a Meatball Parm Sub or a create your own Panini.  It’s busy during lunch, so don’t expect five-star service.
Best chicken parm sandwich
Make your own smoothie. My favorite is OJ base with strawberries, mango and peach. Add Vitamin C for hangover curing.
Ate / ordered from here ~5x/wk until I found a cockroach in my buffalo wings this afternoon. No joke. Never eating here again. Almost had enough card punches for free salad too...
Ate / ordered from here ~5x/wk until I found a cockroach in my buffalo wings this afternoon. No joke. Never eating here again. Almost had enough card punches for free salad too...
Ate / ordered from here ~5x/wk until I found a cockroach in my buffalo wings this afternoon. No joke. Never eating here again. Almost had enough card punches for free salad too...
The Dicianove rocks - portobello, caramelized onions & goat cheese
Whoever is in charge of the in house music loves Phil Collins.
The Focaccia bread is great! Especially when toasted with mozarella, pesto and prosciutto :) yum!
The Otto (P8) is the top panini across the board! Thank me later.
Awesome paninis
If the impossibly sexy vibe of this Spanish-style tapas restaurant doesn’t put you in the mood, you’re a lost cause. The extensive cocktail menu is rife with swoon-inducing potions.
The tortilla is close to the ones I get in Spain
Great tapas and decent wine .
Bar is crowded - if you come in on a Friday, get here early to secure bar spot. Great music and vibe.
Great tapas selection. They have live music most nights it can get loud but it's a fun atmosphere.
A famous venue frequented by the metro boys. They love to sip the sangria and suck on their delicious olives
Monday's: $10 Sangria PitchersWednesday's: Live Flameno
Love the tapas ala chef great variety
love the tapas!
Finley the bartender is awesome
Impress your date at this sexy and sultry tapas restaurant – try ordering the Escargot, the Pulpo Diablo, ‘Albondigas, Empanadillas Rellenas and the Chorizo Espanolas.
The best red sangrias!
Get the ham coquettes
The Caipirina is sweet and strong, like my wife.  Go for this Brazilian delight (the drink, not my wife).
Nice music and food.
All their chorizzo dishes are delicious.
Awesome sangria and empanadas
I'm gonna tell U a secret ... Monday nights, $10. Pitchers of Sangria! Make sure Adrian serves u !
Strongest margaritas ever!
Best Sangria in NYC!
Tostones just like my Abuela
Get the sweet d size plates
Tapas! Go Diablo for spicy hot octopus et al
Sit-down dinner is overpriced -- go for 4-7pm "happy hour" tapas instead
La mariscada al ajillo es  maravillosa!
Very average and cost $200 for two of us.
Great food. Live flamingo dance/music on Wednesdays!
Great tapas. Ask for the Croquet stuffed with Chorizo. It's not on the menu but the chef will make it for those who ask
Olives to start! Delish. Steak salad so good too
Highly recommend the olives to start and the steak salad is delish
Short Rib taco is amazing at 1pm or 1am
Chorizo Taco is unbelievable. Chicken Quesadilla is a great addition. Never be skimpy with the sauce.
You could do a lot worse!
Order the short rib taco! It's the shizzzz!
U can have a tasty sandwich here, esp. if u r staying @ the Windsor. Round the corner.
You can pay with your phone here using LevelUp. You get money off after going back a few times. Use promo code 12935 to get $5 credit to start.
Best beer + breakfast bodega.
Get a cup of coffee, it only a dollar for a large!
not care that they prices raise and drop depending on who is running the register.
The poached egg, polenta, & shrimp brunch special was one of the best things I've ever eaten. If it's not available, baked eggs are supposedly very similar.
get any of the pastas, they're amazing
the pasta is amazing!
Not only is the food delicious, the restaurant is a certified green restaurant for being sustainable. The wine list is also impressive.
Grub Street off-menu dish: Ricotta Tortellini. "There's plenty of pasta on the menu, but one that's always available is this rich combo of creamy ricotta & seasonal produce such as beets or eggplant."
Ricotta Tortellini: rich combination of creamy ricotta and seasonal produce (eggplants pictured here) #cachet #supersecret
All the food is divine! Can't go wrong with the octopus, bass tartare starters and the Orata cooked in parchment paper with vegetables. Even the chocolate sorbet is fancy with a little hint of salt.
All the food has some spice to it. Be prepared to have something spicy even if they say it's mild
Bring a hearty appetite to this West Village eatery, because all 5 bruschettes are an absolute must.
Great pasta but I'm more than a little disappointed that my 'seasonal fruit salad' (ringing in at $10!) only consisted of melon. Mint was the only redeeming touch. (brunch)
Dark chocolate pistachio tart is to die for. Start with charred octopus for sure.
The chicken is different than the JW chicken at Barbutto, so hard to compare, but amazing for their use of spices.  Get it to share with a plate of the buccatini.
Somewhat sloppy food makes this seem more like a wine bar than restaurant. While the pastas were tasty (in the $20 range) char grilled octopus ($19) was more charred than grilled. Loud, cramped space.
charred octopus, risotto alla pilota, pappardelle integrale
Sit at the back bar, where you can dine and watch the food prepared.  Great experience.  Hard to get reservations, though.
Dell'Anima is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Do me a favor and get the brussel sprouts.
Charred octopus was fantastic.  Also highly recommend the rum cake.
The negroni sbagliato is a fabulous cocktail - not to be missed!
MAGNIFICENT! You must get the risotto. It's absolutely amazing.
For dessert, try something out of the ordinary and get the cornbread pudding, served with a fruity fig compote and perfectly light ricotta ice cream.
Order various bruschetta for the table. Soooo tasty
Papardelle us pure heaven with crispy w duck skin :-D
Octopus is cooked to perfection
Hanger steak medium is amazing
On my list. L'Artusi's sister
I just had a trofie cacio e pepe worthy of a last supper
For you pomodoro technique fans, try the Pomodorini: Gin with a pickled tomato.
a hidden gem for brunch, if you want to avoid the waits at other places.  All of the egg dishes are great.  Splurge on the pasta bolognese.
scrumptious italian food- the best i've had in nyc so far. you must try the caramelized brussel sprouts if they're in season.
Avgolemono and that tomato cucumber salad. YES!
The octopus is awesome, but surprisingly heavy and meaty.  Could be enough for a full meal with a salad or dips.
Come here for a legit Greek dining experience. The lamb chops were divine, as was the 16 oz new york cut sirloin steak. Order them medium rare and pair it with a full bodied greek wine!
Amazing cheese melt
Incredible Greek food. Cool space, friendly waiters, and located on a great block.
Delicioso! O peixe com pistácio é incrível. Altamente recomendado. Importante reservar com antecedência porque está sempre cheio
Went there last night for dinner. Ambience, service and food was all in sync. Def an anomaly for the area based on aesthetics and level of upscale. Astoria has competition. Will be back!
Sit at the communal table in the back and it feels like a wine tasting.
Best greek food experience in NYC
Mmmm octopus and lamb shank!
Incredible Greek Food! Decor is beautiful, good service, food is amazing, and prices are very reasonable. Perfect date spot! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best Greek in the city (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Service here is excellent and the food is even better. Recommend the dips, saganaki & moussaka!
Service here is excellent and the food is even better.
Don't book, just try your luck with the communal table up the back.
Melted three Greek cheese in a pot is healthy, right?
Ordering just small plates can give you a complete delicious meal
Authentic greek food, very tasty. Must try the pitakia.
This place is delish! Home cooked Greek food in a fancier atmosphere. Lemon potatoes side dish is perfect, pitakia cheese pies are really tasty and keftedakia is great too.
THE BEST GREEK FOOD IN NYC!  Start with the Horiatiki salad and pick anything else from the menu! After that you will definitely understand why this place is truly the best!
Someone's phone is ringing every minute! Turn your phones off people!
This authentic Greek restaurant tucked away in the East Village makes for a great dinner spot.  Be sure to make reservations though as seating can be limited, especially on weekends.
Honestly though. Stop being a chump and get the barbounia.
the MEEEATTBALLS and the village salad is amazing.
Greek Grilled Cheese:  Housemade pita; kasseri cheese, a hard sheep's milk cheese; fresh tomatoes; generous layers of salty pastourma.
Their Avgolemono & Lamb Chops are perfect. Save room for dessert.
Everything is fantastic, but the Moussaka app and the Pork Shank are absolutely the best!
Don't ask for a vegetarian entree.  They will say no!
The braised pork shank is awesome.
I just love saying galaktobourekakia.
Yum Indian food esp Dal baluchi, papri chat. Slow service.
Mango lassi. Saag. Done.
50% off at lunch. Gimme that.
Great lunch deal. Perfect way to break up the workday.
Delicious food and 50% off for lunch!
Get the Lamb Sagwala. Awesome.
No bueno... That the meal doesn't come with rice and you have to order it separately. Blaming it on the 50% off price.... WACK
awesome Indian restaurant with great service!
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM
Amazing food & not expensive! I can't believe it took me so long to wander into this restaurant.
Try the Basmati Rice and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Lamb Curry and spot it on Foodspotting!
Stylish, comfortable - a perfect choice for authentic Indian cuisine. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
The half-off lunch special is the business. Great food for cheap!
Half off lunch special.  Get here early - really popular
The chocolate chip cookies are ridiculous.
They sell tequila drinks. Nuff said.
Great eggplant taco!
Lamb and brisket tacos ftw
Amazing taco and pancakes - savory kind. Say hi to Kevin from me.
The soujouk &kasseri quesadilla is absolutely delicious!
Horrid food.
Yankee Mexican food sucks! However, this might be one of the least grossest in NY.
Get the laffa. It's just like Israel!
GREAT place for food and coffee.
One of the most friendliest spot near 5th avenue. Fresh Salads, Burritos and Cupcakes. What else can you ask for? :)
The turkey chili rocks, plus really friendly staff. Hot chocolate is good on cold winter days..
Food was good but they were very disorganized.  There is construction (loud) along the street.  Make sure you get your home fries w/your omelet.
So much less expensive than the place next door....equally good iced coffee too.
New salad pricing:  $6.99 for 8 toppings!
AmEx/FourSquare special offers are not honored here!
perfect lunch spot. graham cracker coffee = yum. after 2p on wkdays the coffee is half price.
Tossed salads are fresh and DELICIOUS.
Coffee is 50% off after 2PM. Coffee stamp cards are not honored with discount purchase.
Protest their Don't Ask, Don't Tell burrito loyalty card policy
The 1 o'clock rush is a zoo. Bring something to nibble on while you wait for your order
Thursday burrito specials...
Turkey meatball sub is tasty. Good salad bar.
Their BBQ pulled pork sandwich is particularly spectacular.
Tasty and affordable combos. Either the lamb curry or chicken tikka masala. And get a mango lassi too! :)
Disappointing. Server inaccurately described the meal which ended up including ingredients I am allergic to. Food was ok, service lacked attentiveness even though it wasn't busy.
They did not honor the foursquare discount just because i had an opentable reservation.
Dont go here.. They serve raw chicken. So nasty
Both the gnocchi and Salmon Belvedere are Awesome!
The Chicago Dog is missing sport peppers. Their dogs lack snap.
Chili is plain but good (some beans). Cheese is cold. Hot sauce is essentially Frank's red hot.
The cheese is cold... Boooo!
The Tom Yum Gai soup is delicious - especially on a rainy day!
The falafel pita is beautiful. Ask for extra tahini and hot sauce. The falafel dish is also pretty good too. Probably some of the best food the terminal has available.
Lamb gyro is delicious in-and-by itself, but ask for the (free) hot sauce and you've got a winner!
Greek salad with baby chicken ans taziki is the way to go.
They need to invest in better forks.
The falafel pita is as good as it gets. Super yum!
What's Five Guys??? This place is the real deal. And AWESOME Guinness...
Cheapest beer in NYC!!
You really can't go wrong with a 5$ burger cooked to order with fries on the side. Love jalapeño peppers on your burger? Definitely ask, the cooks are super-friendly. Oh and beer is cheap! 'Nuff said
Fun times. Food is good too!
Ommegang Rare Vos - Belgium pale ale. $6. Go.
This spot must be owned by Crazy Eddie because the prices are.....INSANE!!! Great food and Stiff drinks! CooooKoooo!!
Sliders and fries all day
Cheap beer and drinks are almost pure alcohol.
The buffalo chicken sandwich makes me want to live !!
Also this is no burger place, it's a BAR that serves burgers.
Get the $8 mug of Long Island iced Tea, good stuff.
Great spot for a cheap drink!
All the dumb kids here are annoying and the girls are whores! Your choice of broads
The bartenders are rude stupid bitches
Burger is trash. Don't believe the hype. Cheap drinks, though.
Ask Richy the owner for the fresh veggies of the day!
Most underrated burger in Midtown... and their onion rings are the best!
Watching football here is fun!
Don't turn around.   This place was well worth it.
The Chicken Cutlet sandwich is amazing. And its only $6 with fries!
I had quarter pound burguer..Awesome!
Great place for fantasy drafts!!
This place is great! Big selection of beers and they're cheap!
It's not on the menu, but it's awesome: Fried chicken. Ask abt it, will not disappoint.
Check out the Cheeseburger sliders with french fries, $6.00 dollars
Vast beer selection. Burger is cheap and hits the spot. One of the cheapest meal in the area.
Watch the urinals. Too much flushing will lead to an overflow.
Don't skip the erotic photo hunt
Can't believe I've never noticed this place until today. Great place.
No beer over $5 and that's for a 20oz
Fruit. Cheap. Cheap fruit!  Yum.
Worst Pizza and service in the City...
Don't be scared away by the generic name and plain appearance. This place is great. The service is above par. I listened to the server and went with greek. She didn't steer me wrong.
Walked in off the street. Great service, great food! The pizza is FANTASTIC! Highly recommended.
Unbelievable cappuccino
Best coffee of uptown! Perfect place to have morning coffee & croissant or salty italian paninis. Suggested for quick lunch or dinner wth its delicious cibo italiano!
Ignore the UES ladies and have the Milanese paninis! Lo Spazzino, Cervino or Non Ti Scordar di Me. Yum!
Excellent espresso before you hit the museums? This is the place.
Good coffee and sandwiches. Favorite coffee bar of Dutch writer Arnon Grunberg.
Best hot chocolate ever.
Excellent Lychee Gelato!
tiramisu is really amazingg ! tiramisu for two is fun and delicious but i would just stick to traditional tiramisu
The decontructed (!) tiramisu and capuccino! Although the traditional one is good as well.
Very good tiramisu!!
Non Ti Scordar Di Me or "Don't forget me".
Panini Time!
Ate a panini of prosciutto and shrimp ingredients are so fresh.
Used to love this place but it seems the owners sold it.  An Italian sandwich place is now ran by all Asians.  It's just not fitting.  The service is SO bad now that I won't go back.
Try the La Spazzino (via @Foodspotting)
Cozy place, you cannot leave the chance to drink a coffee here <3
Close your eyes and you're in Italy! Gelato, dolce and the best paninni
Via Quadronno25 E 73rd St (Madison Ave), New York, NY 10021Café, Coffee Shop, Italian Restaurant (Edit)
The sandwiches are delicious, and it’s hard to find a better cup of cappuccino. We also love the fantastic croissant selection (made fresh each morning).
The bruschetta is phenomenal
Try the Panini Tartufato - Great taste of truffle oil (via @Foodspotting)
Best tiramisu in town, whichever option you go with...  Good place for lunch or a coffee but dont expect to be well sitted
A cozy little café that feels like something out of a small village in Europe.  Good prices, great coffee, and even better sandwiches.  Try one of the paninis if you don't believe us.
Order the Non Ti Scordar di Me. Award winning specialty, warm panini with speck, brie and paté. Straight down from heaven.
Perfect place to go for a meal after visiting The Met – it’s like being transported to a little town in Italy.  Their Paninis are perfect, the DIY Tiramisu is awe-inspiring and cappuccino is lovely.
Such a cute, cozy, romantic spot for lunch!
Panini and Arugala salad with artichoke and fresh parmi!
Passion fruit gelati is to die for.
great capucinnos and people watching / eavesdropping
So rude. I don't understand why it's so complicated to order a coffee and sit down. The rule seems to be, if you sit, it's 4.50, no exceptions. "Not our policy" situation.
Try to have small bills.
Came here on a date many years ago. It was a very memorable dinner. This is one of the best seafood restaurants I have been around the globe
The Holiday Tasting Menu is EPIC!!
City Harvest lunch menu is a great deal, and you can't go wrong with the hamachi and stake. Great Manhattans on the cocktail list!
“The fish is the star” is the motto at chef Eric Ripert’s acclaimed seafood spot.
Broadway critic Michael Riedel orders the East Coast oysters and baked cod with baby-octopus salad from this acclaimed seafood restaurant.
Go all out. Do the chef's tasting menu. Seafood medley is heavenly!
The urinals here, they got so much ice.
Chef: Eric Ripert
The Sea Urchin of AB; Subtle poached Truffle top Halibut; and Popcorn Flavor IC with Madagascar Ganache: all divine! Service was at once over attentive & then nowhere to be seen maybe intentional...
Try the Bread Service (via @Foodspotting)
Well it wasn't for pleasure
Michelin 2012 ★★★
Still the best meal of my life after many years and many top notch restaurants.
No reason to be crabby New York celebrates National Crab Day on September 25, 2012 http://exm.nr/OOakst
Outstanding Albariño, Valdemonxes from Rias Baixas, Spain!
Get the caviar, uni, daikon over custard thing. To die for!!
Fluke / langoustines / red snapper = you win.
Try the Raspberry Rose dessert!
Great food, atmosphere, and service are a given. What sets Le Bernardin apart is the combination of warmth and professionalism exhibited by the staff. Exceptional in every respect.
If its lunch time i would definitely recommend the $45 3-course City Harvest lunch menu! Same amazing food for a great price!
There’s a certain sense of calm that washes over you on entering this hushed, immaculate temple of haute seafood. (The dining room and salon have benefited from a recent makeover.)
The egg is no longer here. However the desserts are wonderful. Try the sorbet and ask them to bring all of the flavors.  The beer sorbet will surprise you
Try the chocolate ganache (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Seafood Medly (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Octopus (via @Foodspotting)
Try the lobster carpaccio (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chef's Tasting  - Beef tartar (via @Foodspotting)
City Harvest menu: 3 courses for $45, part of which goes to feeding the hungry through the namesake organization!
Have the raisin bread. Also try the Brooklyn Bee.....amazing.
Gorgeous amazing food. The octopus here is incredible and completely out of this world!
The seaweed soup is delicious!
Great sushi!
Get the Salmon Teriyaki!!! Its soooo good!!!
By far the best Chicken Katsu in NYC. Even better with a Lychee Martini (you guessed it, also best in NYC)
Best fried gyoza in the city.
Really good sushibar and reasonable price for area
Beef and Veggies and the dumplings are great
Vegetable lo mein and dumplings FTW
Times Square Bagels next door has better bagels, but this place makes WAY better breakfast sandwiches.
Get the Rob Lemon sandwich!
Solid egg sandwiches
Um, they have pork roll!!!!
The Chicken Parm sandwich is awesome!
Bulgogi bi bim bap lunch was $9.95. Good deal considering all the food that comes with it.
Get the Bibimbap! Lots of food for a low price!
Sandwiches are really good! However the coffee is pretty watered down. Still and awesome place to grab a quick breakfast or lunch.
Amazing Korean counter. I recommend trying the soups and the bibimbop.
Try the Korean counter in the back. Fresh, delicious soups.
There is a checkout cashier in the back, which is very convenient if you are eating in.
Crazy expensive but a wide selection of random stuff along with breakfast and lunch standards.
Three days running there was a man w/ two tallboys of Budwiser & a baseball cap sitting at the center table staring holes into space while I ate my sushi.  Today he's not here.  Sushi's still tasty.
The spicy chicken udon is a great buy. Filling, hot, lots of veggies, and real white chicken breast meat. My face midtown lunch for 7 bucks!
Amazing burgers, sandwiches, hot food, juice bar, salad, korean food, and baked goods. Check it out!
Nice place
Great Udon
Bulgogi bi bim bap lunch was $9.95. Good deal considering all the food that comes with it.
Get the Bibimbap! Lots of food for a low price!
Sandwiches are really good! However the coffee is pretty watered down. Still and awesome place to grab a quick breakfast or lunch.
Amazing Korean counter. I recommend trying the soups and the bibimbop.
Try the Korean counter in the back. Fresh, delicious soups.
There is a checkout cashier in the back, which is very convenient if you are eating in.
Crazy expensive but a wide selection of random stuff along with breakfast and lunch standards.
Three days running there was a man w/ two tallboys of Budwiser & a baseball cap sitting at the center table staring holes into space while I ate my sushi.  Today he's not here.  Sushi's still tasty.
The spicy chicken udon is a great buy. Filling, hot, lots of veggies, and real white chicken breast meat. My face midtown lunch for 7 bucks!
Amazing burgers, sandwiches, hot food, juice bar, salad, korean food, and baked goods. Check it out!
Nice place
Great Udon
El Rey serves up some of the best Mexican food for lunch in the city. Can't go wrong with 3 tacos (al pastor &spicy pork personal favs). Otherwise the torta sandwich is delish and similarly satisfying
Tacos Truck
Try the Al Pastor taco! Order from El Rey del Sabor at foodtoeat.com
Try the Al Pastor taco! Order from El Rey del Sabor at foodtoeat.com
Try the lengua taco at this popular cart, the soft tongue is simmered for four hours and tucked into two warm griddled corn tortillas. It's one of NYC's 26 best tacos!
Don't miss the simple, delicious chicken tacos! Covered in fresh cilantro, just-cut onions and spicy green salsa.. two-for-$5 -- one of the best lunch deals in Midtown. Highly recommended!
This cart, along with its 2 sister carts, serves up some of the city's best Mexican food.  The employees are super nice too.  The carne enchilada quesadilla with a Mexican Coke is a real treat.
Tiny space. Overpriced. Under flavored. How does a Jewish deli manage to screw up Matzoh Ball soup and a Pastrami sandwich? I mean, really?!
Keep it basic at lunch with a 1/2 soup, 1/2 sandwich at this kosher joint.
Try the Falafel. Some good vegetarian and Kosher options here
home of the boring, cheeseless reuben.
Mendy's is extremely overpriced. eat somewhere cheaper.
Best hidden place in town for appetizers, wine & cheese!
You don't get more power than this. Breakfast is a must - blueberry pancakes
Favorite lunch spot. Bibb Lettuce-Endive Salad-- dressing on the side #FFactorApproved
"Power brokers teeter between wanting to be seen and wanting to be left alone, and the staff at Michael's has been trained on how to negotiate that fine line." -Forbes
Try a rapid infused @PurityVodka martini!
We love the great location. Dinner here works well as a classy prelude to a Broadway show, while lunch offers respite from Fifth Avenue shopping. Note: Menus here change seasonally.
Michael’s, Midtown Manhattan's Modern Flair
Make sure you notice the (now) vintage 80s artwork. This place is frozen in a very different time.
The best blueberry pancakes in the world!
In the 'Fifty and Under’ category, opt for the Grenache/Syrah Cuvee Stephi.  2007 was a great vintage in Roussillon; this wine displays characteristic dark fruit, herb, and earth. A quality wine!
Sit down for lunch at Michael’s and you're sure to spot a few celebs, like David Patrick Columbia of New York Social Diary. And follow Michael’s on Twitter for a list of the literati in attendance.
See and be seen at this stellar restaurant.  Try to grab a table in the Garden Room to dine surrounded by art from Jasper Johns, David Hockney and Frank Stella.
it's always friggn' freezing in there but the braised mushroom app is ace!
Never crowded when it isn't summer. Smoothies year-round!
Strawberry whirl + vitamin c boost (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Chunky Strawberry Topper is a meal -- and it's so good.
White gummy bear is delicious!
Gotta try the strawberry surfrider
One of the best oatmeals in town, real steel cut oats! YuM!
They must make the best juices in nyc because there is always a long line
it's a once a week thing!
The cheese puffs are the best!
Seriously poor customer service
enjoy a croissant & cup of coffee while people watching outside on the provided seats
This place can't figure out division of labor. If there is a line it will be crazy slow.
great place for a cup of tea.
Grea
Nice little terrace for afternoon coffee!
Awful prices. Slow service and a 10 dollar min...its a cofee shop!
Great almond croissants, and everything is reasonably priced (especially for the UES).
I muffìns migliori della zona
Some of the tables outside on 70th are over a warm grate, allowing you to sit outside comfortably when it's cold.
Good coffee, pretty good atmosphere, nice corner. $5 credit card minimum.
Their selection of cookies right next to the cashier is excellent. They melt in your mouth.
The yummy Brazilian cheese puffs! Gluten free/cassava flour only :-)
Great macarons
Midnight Mousse was delicious!! Ask for whipped cream, too.
Try the Assorted Cookies - Cute and tasty! (via @Foodspotting)
Come here for the dollar oysters and lamb shank empanadas! Love the sauce that comes with it too
Terrible service. Hostess is a bi&%*
Coconut sorbet is a must! :)
Just eat bitong and drink wine
An amazing happy hour deal - a glass of viognier and a half dozen of perfectly briny, plump oysters for $13, including tax!
Quite literally the worst food I've ever had. Fish bad, octopus over-cooked... I'm not sure how they're still open. Wine was ok & ambiance was pleasant. Waitress was forgetful and gave poor service.
Aside from the $1 oysters, there is no good reason to come here. The little plates are pretty bad, and the waitress is always miserable.
ordered pineapple juice, got guava. ordered pickled veggies, got banana pepper juice drenched veggies. ordered truffle Mac n cheese (vegetarian), got regular Mac n cheese with bacon bits.
Don't get the truffle Mac and cheese (Kraft Mac covered in bacon bits and tomato paste), or pickled veggies ( just soaked in bell pepper jars)
$1 oysters after 10:30pm every night. big ones, too. couple with a crisp south african white still or sparkling. I'm in heaven.
Try the Tapas (via @Foodspotting)
Don't have the seven sisters merlot...awful. But, in general I love this place
Great service. Definitely a great place to unwind after work.
No south african beer! Well, Tusker is OK! Great Food!
Try the Diemersfontein Pinotage - to die for! And M'Hudi white - one of few black-owned wineries in SA!
Cured meats: droewers & biltong.. Delicious
Get the Ostrich burger! Delish.
Pay in cash. The wait for them to come collect your credit card is silly.
Always the best. The roses are great for hot summer days.
Fantastic wine (South African Chenin Blanc), food (Malva Pudding is a must),  service (Elton is amazing) and decor.
One of the best wine bars. Save 15% here with the DailyGobble app!
Great happy hour spot in midtown. $1 oysters from 5-7pm, and their sauce is incredible.
"Xai Xai. That's a small town in Mozambique." Homicide detective Conor Bard stops into Xai Xai for a pinotage in Charles Kipps' CRYSTAL DEATH.
The Malva Pudding will make you dream about it and come back for more!!!!
Go early or it gets super crowded
great atmosphere, great rosé.
Fantastic wine bar. Try the "faithful hound" and the biltong
Great wine bar. You must get the Pinotage. And ask for Elvis. He's the best. :)
Great wine bar featuring South African wines. Lovely owner and staff.
They don't fill your beer to top? Why have a tall slender glass and not fill it!!!
More Martini choices than a homosexual wedding.
Hell’s Kitchen – $12 unlimited mimosas, bellinis and bloody’s plus one brunch item (about $12 each item)
Amazing chicken fingers.
Worst bar ever. Drinks suck and the service is very slow.
Brunch is cheap, drinks are plentiful service is only okay.
Margaritas are bad ass
great music, great atmosphere. We really enjoyed this place!
over 250 martinis. i love this place. you could stay all night. plus they have a ton of different types of vodkas...and a ton of world beers. you'll never go wrong for booze. +happy hr til like 9 pm.
The "Southern Peach". Best one on the menu.
Worst brunch in HK. By mimosas they mean OJ and by food they mean raw cold eggs... Go to medi wine bar, pier 9, traffic, hk... Any where else. Oh and the service sucks!!!!
Try the Eggs In Purgatory - Delicious Fra Diablo! Yummy! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the breakfast bruschetta - Soft eggs, picketed red onions and smoked salmon! Yummy! (via @Foodspotting)
Ask for a suggestion if you are not sure what you want; the bartenders are very knowledgeable and have good, outgoing personalities.
Try the Vynl Ring Ding - Better than the original namesake.  (via @Foodspotting)
Best Martini Menu
Biggggg selection of martini's. The menu is like a book so take your time choosing one :)
Unfortunately I know too many people that have had their drink drugged at this place-- be careful!!
Jesse is the best. The Best.
Best nachos in NYC!!
"Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad" is the worst idea ever: cooked lettuce, cartilage-packed chunks of chicken, absurd 'Caesar' dressing that would make a decent mac n cheese sauce. Avoid at all costs.
Don't bother with the grilled chicken avacado sandwich. I've can't remember the last time I ordered something sooo BLAND!!
RUDE bartender. After I watched him pour vodka, he insisted it was spiced rum, laughed at me, and would not fix my drink.
Great bar, great food, great bartenders. Especially on the non-weekend nights.
Unlimited mimosas.....great price but the service is so horrible good luck getting any refills.
Steak & Eggs for $12.  Back porch is slightly shaded and a nice place to sit on a sunny day.  Unlimited brunch drinks are well served and kept full.
scotch list scotch list scotch list
Soothsayers for all.
Dont get the rikers martini...dash of pernod is more like a half cup.  Lol.
Love the key lime martini. Tastes just like the pie, so it doubles as dessert.
Jeff is one of NYC's finest tenders of bar...
I've only been here once. Having crab beignets and their French fries. There's too much salt on both our food. Look at the fries... Maybe an isolated case... Not sure...
You must order the lobster Mac and Cheese!! Service is fantastic!
Try the lobster roll here, delicious!
Try the Scallop Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Surf & Turf Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ale (via @Foodspotting)
"Handpicks the meat from steamed lobsters everyday", Lobsters from Portland, Maine.Taste: Lobster mac & cheese - filled with lobster, creamy cheese sauce and finished with seasoned brioche crumbs
Get the lobster Mac and cheese! It's a nice combo
As far as local diner haunts goes, this will swing you a freshly squeezed angus burger that surpasses any other random diner!
For a diner, the food took forever to arrive. And it wasn't even busy
The staff here are very polite & friendly. Its right across the street from Lenox hill hospital but thankfully they let you relax and enjoy your meal rather than make you rush out.
:( the Burgers are dry.
Sandwiches are great! So are the salad platters!
Everything on the menu is good
for the love of God, don't order the spinach pie. it's some horrible microwaved concoction.
Any burger at Soup Burg will drip with greasy goodness.  You can't go wrong.
I like the. Club sandwiches
The burgers are huge and juicy
The skirt steak is amazing!!
Everything here is so good. I love that they change the menu up. Beet Napoleon, truffle fries, Brussel sprouts, and fish tacos= YUM!!!
Order the chicken, the serving is huge
Try the Chitarra, Carbonara, Guanciale, Blackpepper, Egg, Pecorino - The guanciale is awesome.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tuna Tartare - Quail egg on top is awesome.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pork Croquettes W Pickled Radish And Collard Greens (via @Foodspotting)
The roasted salmon is awesome- go for it!
Hanger steak and duck spring rolls were amazing.
The butternut squash salad is the best (it's seasonal) and I stick with the parmigiana ravioli with...yes, truffle butter!
Need to come back here one night. It gets packed but it's got lots of great food and women.
Unexpectedly great food. If you're in the neighborhood stop by.
Great gnocchi , tacos and salad
Ask for Jose as server. Rockstar.
Great place to share meals...! :-)
Awesome service, great wine and amazing atmosphere.
Sirloin beef tacos are great!
Scallops so good.  Melt in your mouth.
Gnocchi were fantastic! Skirt steak also great. Churros were nice...dipping sauce was a tad too spicy though. But overall a GREAT addition to the UES. Good vibe, nice service, great food!
Great spot for a drink. Good crowd and low key vibe.
The pulled pork sliders tasted funny, but the black pasta with lobster was damn good.
Now that I'm the Mayor I deem Stoli Soda to be the National Drink of choice!! PraVda :)
one of my favorite tapas restaurants in nyc. sexy!
The Gnocci with Truffles are the best.  Get here early and get the corner table in the bar area.
The Kobe Beef Sliders are amazing.  Skirt Steak too
Very good burger. The focaccia bread makes it an original.
hated it. Poor service.
Outstanding food and service..loaded Cobb salad and Chicken Pot Pie in a great local setting.  An oasis.
Food is good bit service not so much. Stick to brunch.
The BDNYC Breakfast Special is great. Also they are no longer cash only!
Worst service. Rude waiters. I waited for 30 minutes for a salad and sandwich only to find out the order hadn't been put in. Don't eat here
Asked for hot sauce, got tobasco, that's that shit I don't like.
Spotter several flies swarming around the tables and the menu is lacking. Why don't they have the same menu as the other Barking Dog locations? Save yourself and go to the midtown location instead.
Service here is pretty bad.
Sit outside!
Kiss your hangover goodbye. Order up some hair of the dog. A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG Gin should do the trick.
Serves up huge portions of serious "comfort" food. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Nice place
I ordered the chicken but I'm fairly certain it was a barking dog
I ordered the chicken, but
Excellent salmon and goat cheese omelet. Must try.
Skip the fried chicken. It's dry as a bone, as is the biscuit that comes with it.
The farmland breakfast has a shit ton of thyme in it. Chicken in chicken hash was dry. Wait staff pleasant, and coffee was good.
As the name suggests, dogs are loved here. Bring your pooch and sit outside where you and your pet can both enjoy a meal together.  Water/food bowls will be provided for dogs.
The smoked salmon eggs Benedict is the bomb.
Used to always here about the poorboys (spelling) they are good but you can't beat the burgers. They are exceptional.
Mmm bloody mary's
Very dog friendly. Cash only. GET THE FRENCH TOAST!
The chocolate cherry pancakes are an excellent choice for a cheat day breakfast.
Organic pomegranat mimosa delicious.
Finally they take cards!! Kid friendly but no kids menu.
Finally they take cards!! Kid friendly but no kids menu.
They take cards now :-D
Cash only, no free refills on soda, and the waitress took over 25 minutes to take our order on a slowish morning...go to the Barking Dog on 70th and York, where these atrocities would never happen.
Medeterranian omelette is AMAZING! And country breakfast comes with nearly a metric ton of bacon.
Try the veal.
The staff is super nice, the place is adorable & cozy, and on a sunny day the both by the window is <3
Egg and cheese sandwich is perfect. Take some macaroons home for your girlfriend.
Crudite sandwich is really good, as are their salads. Macaroons are ok...too much moisture from being stored in the fridge I think.
Crudite sandwich is so good... Get it pressed! Only $5.17!
Such a hidden gem. This place is amazing.
Macaroons are ok. I've had better though. No ac
LOVE, LOVE the pistachio macaroon!
The macaroons are phenomenal!  Almond and rose are the best
No average macaroon for sure. Try one!
The goat cheese and pear sandwich is super delicious
The turkey panini rocks
Ask if you could taste a french macaron (not macaroon) they are to die for! You will be hooked :)
Get the #209 shrimp dumplings to share with someone. I guarantee you will be addicted to the sauce. Also recommend the A6 spicy beef noodle soup
Best Staff, Great Food! Reasonably Priced For HK! Happy Hour is the best! $5 Cocktails! Try the Beverly Hills Iced Tea, just don't have too many!
I'm not eating here until they get the C Grade out of the window...
A6 Spicy Stewed Beef Noodle Soup
Get the cold noodles and Szechuan dumplings!!
The beef with Chinese broccoli was delicious!!
Service here is the worst you can ever experience in NYC.
The food is good, but two of my employees got sick (food poisoning?) after eating here.
If you are looking for pretty good Chinese food this place is a winner.  Lima beans in the fried rice was a little strange.
Food is not bad but customer service is subpar
The food is awesome the place is always clean. Four of my friends and i had lunch here and the bill was $34 . The price is right and the  food is good. Sounds good to me .
The shrimp dumplings here are off the chain!
1 to 2 is best time for lunch
Pretty run of the mill Chinese food, but nice atmosphere--clean, lots of windows.
Stop in for a lightening fast meal before heading to MSG.  The ambiance is very chic and the food is quite good – get the Beef and Broccoli.
Not bad for lunch.  Big place so if you have a crowd decent chance you can get a table if you go early.
The General Tso's Tofu is really good. No, really good!
Go during the happy hour! 6-8pm LIT's are strong :)
You have to try the pine nuts chicken lettuce  wraps #12 and the shrimp dumplings #9
Good food but not great oncustomer service.
Great food..try the chicken with broccoli!
Love the Szechuan tofu lunch special. I always ask them to make it extra spicy, though.
Love the Szechuan tofu lunch special. I always ask them to make it extra spicy, though.
Best lynch special in midtown.
Awesome happy hour special! Delicious food for really reasonable prices.
Happy Hour from 4pm until 8pm. Drinks between $4 and $5.
Scallion pancakes and the spicy diced chicken are great. This local spot beats out all of  the over priced Asian fusion spots. Don't forget the $4 happy hour also
$4 drinks during happy hour!
Don't ask for water
Recommended: wonton soup & bok-choi with shiitake mushrooms and bean curd.
Apparently women have to leave their ID to use the restroom! Men you have nothing to worry.
Lots of upstairs seating. Great breakfast specials. $5 credit card minimum. Wide selection of food.
Decent salad bar and hot bar for lunch. It gets packed at 1230 but there is a lot of seating and people come and go. They also have Asian noodles made to order.
Freshly made rolls for the bacon, egg and cheese are heavenly
Got a "C" Rating from the city. Can't say I'm shocked.
What's with all the junkies?
The plastic cutlery is so cheap that you can fold it without breaking it!  The knife can't cut the chicken.  Annoying.
Don't eat salad bar stuff on the weekend. It's all leftovers from Friday, not fresh.
Awesome Stir Fry!
Super friendly staff
They now have red and white wine! Shoukd keep the junkies outside pretty happy.
Treat the guys who cook and deliver your food with respect. They're hardworking and really nice. If they mess up your order, tell them nicely! So many customers here are being rude lately.
best breakfast ever!
Upstairs seating is available.
Try the shrimp udon soup!
Great fresh-made flat bread (type used at Cosi)sandwiches at very good price.Big, fresh-meat burger deluxe (with steak fries) and can of soda with tax is less than $7!  Very good beef Udon as well
The chicken & steak sandwiches are delicious!! Don't forget to ask for sauce on them! Spicy and goooood! Lol
Tacos are $2.50 each a great deal and they're a good size!!
Friendly staff and good panini. Great tuna melts!
Am I the only one who always nearly dies on the steps? Yes, they're really genial and attentive here, bur if I break my neck, that isn't gonna matter a whole lot.
$1 pizza!!!!
Tasty breakfast sandwich and fast and friendly service
Rly nice people, great customer service :)
99¢ cheese slices, good coffee, and a bathroom upstairs! Can't beat it! And pay-for-use computers if you need it (including printing)
The cheese pizza is pretty tasty!!
Service lousy today
Horribly rude staff. Never come here.
Rudest employees ever
Very quick and efficient service. Line most times stretched to the door, but you're still in and out in no time.
avoid it in any circumstances !
Absolutely so polite! Leave with a caffeine fix and a smile.
Fastest starbucks around!
AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. Consistently misses/forgets orders both drinks and food and/or incorrectly makes them.
Line out the door...order in 5 minutes.  Fastest Starbucks ever.  It's run like a machine!!!
Don't be scared off by the long line in the morning... This Starbucks will crush it and get you your coffee pronto!
This location is getting a much needed revamp! More tables, more seating, etc.
Fastest in the area, in and out, never a screwup.
With lb coffee purchase you can get a free tall or espresso, even a double shot
Rudest baristas ever. Stay far far away.
Skinny mocha sucks.
Avoid. There are way better cafes in NYC - go the extra yard for something worth parting with cash for
Horribly busy -- my drink was forgotten about and then tasted disgusting.
How can a Starbucks of this size not have a system of distributing drinks
Express service
Heard them charge a customer for a cup of tap water :-|
Fast and friendly. My favorite Starbucks in Midtown!!
Fastest and best starbucks
Fastest Starbucks in the city.
FASTEST STARBUCKS EVER. Long lines don't intimidate me here.
No bathroom on site.
Good place to wait for the Cornell C2C bus.
A scene from the movie In Good Company was filmed here, watch it now!
Staff are lovely! So are the very yummy red velvet cupcakes!
The decor in this Starbucks is bright and refreshing! All Starbucks are not created equal... :)
Try the deep-fried octopus suction cups and spot it on Foodspotting!
Great drinks ! Try the basil martini
Have the Veal Shank. It's really good.
Risotto con funghi
The Armani Martini is really good. For dessert, the tiramisu is one of the best around. On Thursdays, come for the amazing free aperitivos during Happy Hour.
BEST place to get decent foodI love this placeee
Unwrapping more holiday deals: New York City Restaurants serving a second helping. http://exm.nr/ryng1B
New York City Restaurants are cooking up spirited Christmas Menus http://exm.nr/vSxlTK
The Gnocchetti and tiramisu = superb
Very nice&comfortable place after shopping:)beautiful people&good service
Even after the store is closed, the restaurant is open for dinner (you take an express elevator up). Request a table by the corner of Fifth and 56th for fantastic views of bustling midtown.
Interni Best Design selection. Massimiliano e Doriana Fuksas 2009. Hours: Mon-Sat 11:30am - 11pm, Sun 11:30 - 5pm
Verso fine mese di giovedì solitamente si riuniscono qui gli Alumni Bocconi per un aperetivo.
Dear lord, the meat is fantastic!
Food is great, cocktails are great, service is great, location is great, aperitivo is...guess what?
Tucked away in the flagship Armani Store on Fifth Avenue, this chic Italian restaurant is the perfect place to refuel while shopping.
Cool place for cocktails and people watching.
Really trendy and streamlined, but the innovative Pumpkin Tortellini is worth the trip if you're not really into the fashion scene.
Spinach ravioli is delicious.
This cafe is close to David Duchovny house. Maybe he eats here too?
risotto!  and the prosecco!!!
Fantastic gratinata, and mushroom fetticini
White truffle all the way
Salmon!  Pasta fagioli!
They can substitute tofu for the meat on the burgers :) Definitely get the kimchi fries!!
Like it for lunch more and get the bulgogi burger! Course portion is smaller (too small, ramen) under prix fixe dinner. Average quality, didn't match expectations given the chef's fame, price, reviews
Social Eatz is amazing.  Great staff, inventive menu.  Menu has changed a bit since my last visit, but the sweet tomato soup is remarkable.
The old menu has completely changed... I miss the old menu and ambiance.
Bibimbap burger! Get it!
The bartender Christian is the best!
Have you been by on a Monday at 6-9pm yet?! You should. Come "Taste Mondays" w/ SoSleepless girls. Sexy drink specials and crowd. We make Monday's taste good!!
Do not skip dessert! We sampled the Strawberry Short Cake Jar and the Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta…highly unusual and very tasty!
Try the Bibimbap Burger
Try the Hangover Ramen  - Rich broth with delicious sausage  (via @Foodspotting)
Bibimbap burger FTW!
Try the watermelon margarita!  So delicious!
Bibimbap burger is da bomb. So is the pork bun. Ramen is a little salty but very good. Tuna tartare is nothing to write home about.
Amazing brunch special- Shrimp and Kimchi Gritz!
Great taco selection, good for late night dining.
Food is Amazing and staff is Super Friendly
Get Kimchi fries...no words for the amazingness!
Korean fried chicken !!!!!
Bibimbap burger is much better than the bulgolgi. It's so loud I can barely hear myself think.
Last Night in Seoul....great cocktail....servers nice, but spotty.....
Korean Fried Chicken. Yum. Enough said!
Delirium on tap! Beer lovers rejoice :)
Official new fav eat - their broiled salmon over asian succotash was amazing - cooked just right
Come for the burgers, stay for the Peter Gabriel soundtrack.
Phenomenal food, killer prices and relaxed ambience matched with songs of Marley and Sublime. Go-to spot.
MUST HAVE>>> French Toast!
Tograshi Fries are very good with a spicy kick. When you pair it up with their creamy, yummy cheese sauce, your taste buds will thank you.
Bibimbap Burger. I thought it looked great until I tasted it. The Best burger I have EVER had in my 30 years on earth. I WILL be returning.
Celebrating Kat's BDay!
Kind of bs that you need a fb account to use the Scout Mob discount. Rude.
One of the best Italian in the city!!
Great service. Anticipated every need. Fabulous with children. Wonderful food. Lovely evening.
Risotto special with sausage & mushrooms rocked!!
Great little Italian place in NY for dinner.
Terrible service. They messed up our order and made us feel guilty for their mess up.
Agnoleti ravioli with truffle creme sauce--a must! Great specials including grilled Branzino fish.
Great food!
California Hummus the BEST!!!
The falafel is the best around, in a pita with spicy carrot tahini; lettuce and tomato are wildly fresh.
Very clean!  Spinach Roll is amazing!
First decent pizza joint in the neighborhood...try the knots
The meatball parmesan is great. The sauce is better than pizza park!
The ATM is normally out of service so don't bother.
Doesn't accept payment via app.
Caramel Apple Spicy...! Remembers...
Easy for breakfast when you are staying at the Millenium Broadway Hotel next door.
The worst service possible. I waited for 20 minutes for my coffee and still didn't get it.  And it wasn't even busy. Got my refund and left.
Coffee is really good but they don't know what a flat white is ..hmmm
Nice location near Times Square to take a break. Many seating places.
Go to a different Starbucks. This one is rude. They screwed up my drink and didn't even apologize.
Slowest service at any starbucks. Two people taking orders, one person making drinks, and another in the background complaining. Pathetic
Don't ask for advice on drinks or snacks, it tends to aggravate cashier.  #fail
Currently, they don't take the Starbucks card app...sad.
A cappuccino and a croissant, please!
They don't recharge loyalty cards here.
Get here early, they closed early
One of the largest & nicest starbucks I've ever seen in NYC
Be nice to the baristas! If you're a jerk, expect to have your drink tampered with - just saying : D
Skinny Vanilla Latte. Iced or Hot.
They cant recharge a frequent user card...
Try the Caramel Macchiato
Забыли о моем кофе,потом дали маленькое вместо большого.беспорядок:)
Забыли о моем кофе,потом дали маленькое вместо большого.беспорядок:)
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
They didn't have ice, or syrup, or an oven for paninis. Was surprised they had coffee at all.
the lines are long, but don't let that fool you. there's always an open seat here for you to relax and work -- great wifi and plenty of power outlets too!
Get a venti lemonade with 3 pumps of raspberry 1 pump classic. Amazing.
Sometimes the line is out the door, so beware.
Customer service here SUCKS!
Veggie breakfast sandwich with skinny caramel macchiato
There are a couple of people who work here who need customer service training, but the others are very nice.  You'll know the not-so-nice ones because they are extremely touchy.
Wake up early to student rush at a nearby theatre...stop by for a nice pick me up while you wait in line outside the box office.
If they would only fix the front door so that it doesn't slam every time.  Hard to take if you sit in the front part of the store.
Go here to meet up with your favorite Translation folks for coffee
Sushi is fresh and price is good
We love Sushiya! Our favorite neighborhood sushi. Get the rock shrimp ap and the sushiya and sashimi for 2. It is enough for 3-4 people.
Еда здесь культ везде!!
Sushi/Sashimi for two is a great deal!
fresh and priced right..
Always a pleasure.
mmm smoked salmon sashimi. otherwise the food was decent, not great. also the service was weird... we have enough tea, thank you!
Pretty average meal. At least the people are nice, prices reasonable, and interior comfy.
Never had a bad meal here.
spicy king crab roll is bomb! shrimp dragon 2 is good too.
The sushi is amazing.. Try the spicy cruncy crab roll u wont be sorry.. Also the tuna tartar is great..
The Katana sake is really good.
asahi super dry $5
Asked for coke but got Pepsi instead bc since I'm a customer I won't know the difference right?
Nice folks and great Greek food.
Love the gyro plate and the lemon potatoes. Service is slow! Not enough Servers
Have some sangria, it's very tasty
Warning: They charge you full price for each soda refill. Otherwise, the hummus appetizer, "Three Amigos," and lamb burger were delicious!
Symphony Space members get a 10% discount on the entire bill at Telio. Sign up and save!
very well prepared kabob.  not a dried or overcooked bit!
meh it's schwatever. beware of the heating pipe in the bathroom. I got burrrnnnnnned fools
meh it's schwatever. beware of the heating pipe in the bathroom. I got burrrnnnnnned fools
meh it's schwatever. beware of the heating pipe in the bathroom. I got burrrnnnnnned fools
meh it's schwatever. beware of the heating pipe in the bathroom. I got burrrnnnnnned fools
my hash browns were cold like they weren't defrosted enough.  but the omelet was good
Get the veggie(zucchini) chips as appetizer
Food is good, but service is SLOW!
The pizza is fantastic.
Get the hot dog, no brainer!!
Amazing at 3am. Not so much any other time.
Open late on a Monday when everyone from 48 to 56 on 2 and 3rd was closed.
If you want Sicilian style, this is your place!
The chicken roll is great and the sauce it comes with is awesome!!!
love the crust here and for the neighborhood that doesn't offer in much family style pizza, this is a choice spot
Lasagna is nasty...tastes like one of the ingredients is old.
This place is the best try the spinach and tomatoes
This place sucks I will never check in here again
Sandwich was too small for the price
Pizza is ok, nothing special
Really subpar pizza...but open incredibly late.
Not great, but good.
Quality basic Italian fare. Great for ordering in, just make sure to have exact change or pay with a credit card, as one of the delivery guys came without any change - unbelievable.
This place stinks. Don't waste your time.
Iced Caramel Latte ftw :)
nice place...
Only here on an errand, this place is always messy. my loyalty is to a different coffee house
Donuts lover don't leave home without dunkin
The Chicken Salad Sandwich is yummy and addictive priced at $2.99
I try and try but I definitely don't like D. Donut! Sorry to disappoint you
10% off student discount! Be on the lookout for it
Chocolate is awesome!  I like this location although they have no seating.
Do not buy the sheets for sale outside of Dunkin Donuts, it is questionable that they are truly 600 thread count...
Great food!  Great drinks!  Upscale and inviting!  MUST TRY!  You won't be disappointed.
Not a bad place to get a quiet relaxing drink
pesto pizza is fabulous and service at the bar is great!
Pizza is very good.
Terrible service, terrible waitress, way too overpriced for a burned pizza. NEVER AGAIN!
Best pizza this side of the river. Service and wait times are bad but worth the wait.
If you love New York pizza, order it here. It is amazing!
Brand new waterfront restaurant on the Hudson.. Go drink & eat there!
best ice cream in town
Be sure to order the flavors only available at the shop.  Otherwise, what is the point when you get those flavors in your local grocer?
Their air conditioner is broke...=(
Place is very cool inside.
Convenient location with a great view of the Hudson! Try the cookie dough! :)
walk by the Hudson. really nice
Good drinks (Mocha Frap is delish and not too sweet).  They banned smoking at their outside tables tho, so if you're a smoker you're gonna have to find a new haven...
This place has the most delicious coffee, my new GO TO
my iced coffee was way too watered down. there's a starbucks just one block over.
The cafe mocha is delicious and the baristas are always very charming.
Excellent spot for a great coffee
The hot chocolate is like drinking liquid chocolate.
top five coffee in nyc. recommend the spiced chai latte with cinnamon sprinkled on top.
Best coffee in the city!!
Great food. Terrible service.
Celine Dion loves the ravioli and so do I.
This is one of the best restaurant I've ever. Great service and awesome food. I wish to be here with friends to get some bottle of wine.
Ecellent Northern Italian food!  Great service!!
Great Northern
It's Ok, it's a chain after all.
more seats at the lower level
Avoid at all costs. Gross food, breakfast was terrible and its surrounded by better food for the same or cheaper prices.
Good plain puzza. Stuffed stuff Too cheesy and fatening! No TP
Delicious chicken parmegiana!
Decent food at good price. Beware of ladies toilets downstairs...neglected is an understatement!
Good deals at any time.
If you sit downstairs expect to smell like exhaust from the oven for the rest of the day.
Pretty good food....nice prices ...ok staff...the option is going downstairs is pretty cool..
Price and food quality not bad...
The buffet has great food fast at a decent price!
Food for the desperately hungry post Broadway show goers.
Super bon.Very good
Best pizza and lasagna in the city!
Can you say rip off?
Go for the "fried surf and turf" -  Wagyu fried rice and fried oysters.
Geisha .. haHa
Geisha33 E 61st St (btw Park & Madison Ave), New York, NY 10065(212) 813-1113   @GeishaTweets   geisharestaurant.com
Closed for now. It will reopen at 27 E 61st
White Tuna Crunch Roll Baby!
Closed for renovation, but re-opening soon a few doors away.
Try the tuna truffle sandwich. Best thing on the menu.
Love the chicken salad!
sit and enjoy whatever the house recommends: the prix fixe for lunch or the omakase at dinner.
Cucumber fennel cocktail is just perfect!
VERY SLOW SERVICE & NOT DELICIOUS FOOD - WAITRESS IS RUDE I WILL NEVER COME AGAIN
gossip girl
White tuna crunch roll is great and different than the usual old sushi you can get elsewhere
Finally...I've got the Gossip Girl Badge here... :)))
i like it.. love it
Love love.
mmmmmmmmmmm
Really enjoyed the Peach Blossom tea and toro sushi! Dessert here was excellent as well!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
nice store
Tuna truffle sandwich & shrimp lollipop's are amazing. The best. Sushi pieces a bit small but good quality
Tuna Truffle sandwich is the BEST.
overpriced, not very good
Sophisticated Asian flavors, the menu rarely disappoints. The miso broiled salmon is delicious as are the tartars and the vegetable udon; the only pitfall is the pricing.
The shrimp lollipop appetizer is phenomenal.
Great prices, not too crowded (you know, that one time)
Lunch Special B is my go to order
The Chicken Cutlet Curry is AMAZING!
The TKO (Thomas Keller Oreo) is amazing, a must for chocolate lovers.
Best madeleines ever!
The quiche is the best I've ever had in the whole world. Light, fluffy, buttery goodness paired with a nice acidic side salad.
If you want to drink a large size cappuccino its not a good place. I got a drink filled in less than a half of the cup and the rest half was just a foam.
Small soy latte around $4.75 which was weak and milky with no real flavor. Quite a wait too when it gets busy.
Best pressed Ham & cheese croissant EVAH.
order the grilled cheese and tomato soup. its the perfect comfort food, and just all-around delicious.
Don't see the grilled cheese? Don't panic! They've taken the grilled cheese off the restaurant menu, but ask for it and they will bring it from the tale out window.
Lets try not to be rude to the customers.
The take away counter is beside the cafe. Lattes are only ok and they charge 75c for soy milk making it $4.62 for a take away coffee. Not worth it but the desserts did look good.
Get free fast food coupons and grab a bite at your favorite fast food at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Get the almond croissant. Everything else will taste like hot flaky garbage afterwards.
The hot chocolate was disappointing and I've had better macaroons. Too pricey for the meh quality.
Good lemon Madeleine. 4.75/5. (Better if warm). Pistachio (giant) macaron 4/5. (Not strong taste of pistachio. ) chocolate macaron was much more robust 4.5/5
Grilled cheese + tomato soup!!! Also: butter.
Needs more love for the BLT - thing is dope as hell.
Try the soy hot chocolate.
The service is impeccable. The cashier added a small brownie to my purchase free of charge due to a minor misunderstanding.
Everything is delicious but the Madeleines are out of this world. Take it to go with some tea, sit in Central Park and feel blessed.
Chocolate macarons
They dont have their ceasar salad anymore in the menu 
Avoce has free wifi. Sit here and chill and do some work.
If you are here for lunch, get the creamed corn. Trust me.
Huge macarons with flavors that change seasonally. Must try them all!
Looking for an old-fashion American confection? Here you can find your favorites like fresh Oreos (known here as the TKO) or Nutter Butters. #9 on Tejal Rao's 10 Best Pastry Shops in New York
Tuna - "housebaked roll with a black-olive tapenade on bottom, a pristine Bibb-lettuce leaf on top, and the freshest, herbiest, most perfectly textured tuna salad imaginable squeezing out the sides"
Delicious quiche!
You guys. TKO. Holy god.
Lunch was pretty good, but the nutter butter was incredible
10% discount if you work in the building! Just flash the badge.
Best donuts I've ever had.
Amazing ricotta here; made for the best ravioli I've ever had (housemade pasta and guanciale didn't hurt either). Other hits: Funghi, pancetta, mezzalune. Service eh. Nice space, nice view. Worth it.
Really yummy pork belly with figs. Try it!
Ravioli was amazing
Renowned Chef Missy Robbins hold culinary court at both Michelin starred A Voce locations. Watch our newest edition of the Chef Video Series for more on this amazing restaurant!
Horrible, horrible management. Stay away.
The focaccia with olive oil is great and Porchetta  is a must!  The pollo al Matone was tasty and I’m not a big fan of chicken. And Spaghetti alla chittara with langostinos?
Restaurant Week lunches are great! Snare a table at the windows overlooking Central Park
One Michelin star.
Michelin 2012 ★
Columbus Circle/Upper West Side:  Italian cuisine for the bruncher at heart.  Make your reservation right on their web site!
Amazing food! For special occasions, ask for the seats next to the window. You'll get a great view of Columbus Circle and Central Park.
try a cheese plate at the bar - it helps to get a recommendation!
Try the Grilled Hanger Steak - Olives and grilled onions (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pancetta Antipasti (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pork Belly (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pancetta - With fig and pistachios! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Negroni (via @Foodspotting)
Good food but really snooty service. We loved the incredible, truffle-y funghi al forno, ($15) and the sweet, citrus-infused branzino ($33).
There are much better places to go for this price. I was disappointed here.
Majestic views and a good deal at lunch
Ojan best was here!!!
The grilled calamari is the best I've ever had
Amazing food. Recommend sharing plates and trying the specials. Wine list is extensive. Ambience and view is welcoming for couples, groups or families.
Orecchiete de pato
Order the grilled bread with the burrata.  Really enjoyed the selection of Salumi as well.  The open faced egg sandwich was delicious as well!
Been waiting now 30 mins after our reservation time to be seated.
The new cocktail, Chicco, is both warm and wintery –– a perfectly balanced combination for the cold weather. Creamy and decadent, with fresh cinnamon flavors, it goes down smoothly on your palate.
One Michelin star.
#7 - IWalked NYC's Top 10 Italian Restaurants. The 3rd-floor views of Central Park and Columbus Circle alone are worth the visit…but don’t leave without trying the spaghetti alla chitarra. <LINK>
The Ham and Swiss Flat is a Saturday staple that I really enjoy as long as the corners aren't stale.
Blueberry iced turbo black 3 equal please!
They have no apple filled pastries or donuts, was severely disappointed .
Dunkin dark is the way to go.
Veggie flat breads are really good. The turkey sausage is dry and nasty.
I ALWAYS judge a Dunkin Donuts quality by the freshness of their Glazed donut. This Dunkin Donuts did not pass my test. 
The mornings are ridiculous here. Wait till about 10am.
This Starbucks never had caramel macchiato and the staff is so impolite!!
La comida a toda hora es riquísima, el mejor servicio! Ya me sentía como en mi casa :-)
Don't worry about where to stand in line, just yell your order at someone and hope for the best...
The pizza cases are open, so expect to see a ton of flies. :(
Fastest delivery around.
The baked goods are great. The coffee is a horrible watery swill.
Pizza quick and easy to go! Love the pizza variety!
International or typical American breakfast. Try the pancakes, their pretty good. Pity the sirup isn't home made!
The ice coffee is awful. Will not be back.
The cheesecake rocks. And the paninis. Just try not to get mugged.
Omgggg only place in nyc that has oatmeal chocolate chip.cookies!!!!
This place is dirty, so order food that needs to be heated/warmed up...
Take a bagel for breakfast. Great!
The late-night selection of pizza has its ups and downs.
Avoid the cookies.
430am pizza.'Nuff said...
There was a big o bug in the display and they seemed not to care. Gross
Late-night pizza. Period.
The chocolate chip muffin here is cookie crunchy on the muffin top and resembles marbled cake on the inside, and bit candy bar-like chunks of real chocolate all over it. Like a muffin caricature.
There was a big o bug in the display and they seemed not to care. Gross.
Only a home wrecking whore with an ass the size of Chicago who traps men into her welfare supporting her illegitimate crotch fruit would love this. Well maybe that and her mentally ill trolls too.
FYI: the Brussels waffle is not vegetarian nor is it kosher, but the Liege waffle is!
Harikasın. Harikasın. Harikasın :)
The speculoos is a must as a dinge. If you're insatiable, buy a jar of it. Addiciting.
I usually get the hot cocoa once a week. I'm in love with it!
Free printable coupons for fast food and fastfood restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
The spekuloos sauce is wonderful! Try it!
Recommended: the wafels and the dinges.
spekuloos is afflicting! nyu students- come find it parked outside stern on Wednesdays!
Great place! Get vanilla ice cream with whipped cream. Next time, I'd love to customize a waffle.
Must get the WMD waffle with spekuloos, nutella, and every other topping you can think of!
Speculum spread..Om nom nom
Get a waffle with unlimited toppings please!
After all these yrs, finally Wafels n Dinges! OMG well worth de wait! Pulled pork & coleslaw waffle + the miraculous bacon syrup waffle (:
Get the WMD. Wafel of massive deliciousness. #OrgasmInYourMouth
Brussels only available at the trucks, Liege at the karts
Waffle ice cream sandwich
Park this truck on 66 street please.
Ummmmmm Nutella + Strawberries #doit
The liege is incredible: soft, sweet, and chewy. Try it with bananas and Nutella.
Plain waffle with speculoos spread is the only way to go.
very tasty, get ice-cream on side because it freezes the wafel under it
favorite food truck! anything with speculoos on it is pretty much a win.
If you've never had spekuloos, you've never lived
Get the speckuloos!!!
Waffles & Dinges is to die for! Never have I ever had the grace of tasting food so delectable! The glorious spekuloos, the soft warm waffles, some fresh strawberries & you have an orgasm in your mouth
If you spot it, eat it!
For a summertime treat, try the "Verdekke," an ice cream sandwich made with two crispy wafers
Ditmars in Astoria on Sundays
Super friendly service that definitely brightened my Monday! Follow them on Twitter to know the free dinges challenge of the day. I got mine, now go get yours!
Amazing lunch menu and service
The whole dining experience was faultless... ALMOST better than sex! ... ALMOST..  but less messy tis true! ;-)
No toothpicks at all... Little bit strange
Concerning dessert: don't get the "Holiday". Concerning entrees: sweetbreads and butternut squash soup are a must! Butter butter butter!!
At Nougatine great 3 course prefix but only b/w 530-6!
Foie gras brûlée, red snapper in sweet sour broth, salmon in jade emulsion
Chef: Jean-Georges Vongerichten
Lunch prix fixe is great value.  No need to go for dessert as they bring you a sweet plate, including the most amazing marshmallow I have ever imagined, let alone tasted.
The tuna tartar appetizer is the way to go...
Michelin 2012 ★★★
Do a tasting because Trying to pick your own meal is way too hard with all the delicious options!
Get the scrambled egg with caviar with vodka cream. I dream of it. The egg is so perfectly liquid. 5/5
Best place in town! It's not always that you enjoy a 3 star restaurant paying as little as $38 for the lunch menu! Service, food and ambient are fantastic! Unforgettable!
This place doesn't allow shorts. What the hell!
The best restaurant in the world by 3 Michelin stars chef
The food and service are both something to experience if you are in the Upper Westside Park
레스토랑 내부는 포멀한 Jean Georges와 캐쥬얼한 Nougatin at Jean Georges가 함께있는데 Jean Georges는 드레스 코드를 맞춰야 하고 점심에가면 Two plates에 32불 정도로 식사를 할 수 있고 Nougatin at Jean Georges는 28불에 에피타이져, 앙트레 그리고 디저트를 먹을 수 있음.
Try the Cod Roasted With Rugula, Pistachio And Caramelized Beets - A-MA-ZING! 3 Michelin Star owner!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ruby Red Shrimp (via @Foodspotting)
i had a watermelon/goat cheese salad and a salmon dish. great dinner.
Try the Amuse Bouche - Smoked mozzarella with strawberry balsamic glaze and watercress soup. So good! (via @Foodspotting)
Best dinner in my life! The Caramelized Foie Gras is an absolute culinary orgasm...
Jean George's restaurants around NYC always have solid food for those days you want something delicious. Start with this restaurant and continue to ABC kitchen, Spice Market, and so on...
We recommend the crusted black bass, in a broth only Chef Vongerichten could conceive, one with mushrooms, soy, herbs, citrus, honey, maybe more, all in astounding harmony.
My mouth waters at the thought of the egg caviar and goat cheese gnocchi. Will I ever get to taste something so sublime again?
The lunch special is the best deal in the city
적어도 2~3주 전에는 예약 필수!!  점심엔 일인당 39달러에 2플레이트 즐길수 있어요. ,그러나 텍스붙고 그러면 한 120~130불은 나와요. ,그래도 그만큼 맛있는곳!!  디저트 위의 가격에 포함되어 있는데 중간에 또 디저트 메뉴 줘요,. 먹어보면 좋지만 배부르면 안시켜도 무방. 마카롱과 4개의 초콜릿이 기본으로 나와요:)
Try the Fried Calamari (via @Foodspotting)
Everything is fantastic, but we never go wrong with the ultra-fresh seafood. Because the $38 prix fixe lunch menu continually changes, this is one to do over and over again.
Try the Tuna Tartare (via @Foodspotting)
Loved the parsnip soup with coconut and lime, slow cooked salmon, fusilli with mushroom bolognese and pecorino, and warm chocolate cake. Fluke sashimi was a little underwhelming in comparison.
Love the beef tenderloin and foie gras. Don't skip dessert.
All the items on the tasting menu are of huge portions! So worth the money and soo yummy!
Try the Tuna Tartare with Avocado - Awesome. (via @Foodspotting)
Enjoy a glass of wine and nibble on the great bar snacks of wasabi nuts, rosemary popcorn and 5-spice almonds with soft pretzel rods.
2012 Restaurant Week featured a whimsical combination of fried chicken and Japanese eggplant. I enjoyed it alot. 4.75/5
Definitely go the $32 prix fixe for lunch.Great value & tuna tartare was particularly delicious. Matches nicely w fragrant Black Cherry Yuzu iced tea
The cocktail list includes twists on classics, like the White Sazerac (which includes bitters specially made for Sun by Miracle Mile), and a Passion Chili Whiskey Sour
Impecable service & food! Try the restaurant week menu. Go for tuna tartare app, slow cooked salmon main, and hot chocolate cake des - totally worth it! I also enjoyed watching all the kitchen action.
The tuna tartare was simply amazing. The beef tenderloin was perfection. One of the best meals in NYC. The terrace makes for a beautiful evening meal.
Amazing breakfast, try eggs benedictine and the french toasts
One of the best prix fixe lunch specials in town.  For around $28 you get three courses and sometimes Jean Georges himself will be cooking for you. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Excellent ginger margarita
Prix Fixe lunch is probably the most consistent, reliable, and bang for buck place in the city.
Simply Amazing
They had the most delicious butternut squash soup!
Nougatine offers Jean Georges’s cuisine for a fraction of the price. Plus, we like the way we can usually just walk in. And in the right weather, the terrace is divine.
Tasting menu is fabulous!
Don't even attempt to share the homemade passionfruit-lime soda.
Great bread! Hard to stop eating!
Enjoy spicy nuts & popcorn @ the bar. Better than u might think. Avoid seats near door (cold), or open kitchen (loud).
Enjoy spicy nuts & popcorn @ the bar. Better than u might think. Avoid seats near door (cold), or open kitchen (loud).
Enjoy spicy nuts & popcorn @ the bar. Better than u might think. Avoid seats near door (cold), or open kitchen (loud).
Whatever you do - do NOT order the coconut water. It smells like piss.
Jean Georges' masterpiece! Everything is delicious.
Try the prix fixe lunch!
Try the Tuna Tartare and spot it on Foodspotting!
For a great red, hit the first wine in each category! For lighter, go w/ Lornet's Trousseau (Jura, France); for richer, Mas Jullien's syrah-carignan-mourvedre-based wine is a real gem! agwine.com
Budget foodies can visit Jean Georges’s bar for great cocktails, a snack or afternoon tea.
spotted Chef Jean-Georges while having lunch at Jean-Georges today. coincidence, I think not. very exciting!
$6 lunch special + egg/spring roll. Nuff said!
The hot and sour soup is pretty good. The veggie dumplings are meh.
It is mediocre, but as I was working up in that area for almost a year, it became a staple.  Also, the waitstaff was really cool, and got to know us pretty well.
It's decent. You can find better in the area.
WiFi SSID: EffisCafe Password: The phone number of the cafe on the cafe menu leaflet at the cash register.
Their cappuccinos are excellent. I love coming here for breakfast. Reccomendations: breakfast wrap and chocolate croissants. Writer's Retreat Tip: Cash only!
6am to 10pm Everyday!
A good place to come to in the winter time, summer time, not so much. It's hot inside & their ceiling fans doesn't really do much. Go for take out or snag a seat by the open windows or outside area.
Rise and shine wrap!!
Hummus sandwich is tasty. Iced tea is foul. Guys behind the counter are rude. We get it, its lunch, you're busy with takeouts. Don't make the people AT your cafe feel like they're inconveniencing you.
Rise and shine wrap and falafel wrap are two of my favorites. Free wifi.  Cash only!
This place is effn dope.
Don't get the strawberry banana smoothie
Tel aviv salad is awesome
Don't get the tuna... too much baguette, dry & tuna is not that good.  The falafel wrap was much better.
One of the best "virtual offices" on the UES
The powered seats are the four on the left hand wall bench as you enter.
Cash only!
The best vegetarian item is the energy wrap, sans the turkey!
There is a bathroom--but you have to be pretty skinny and sure-footed to get down the tiny, winding staircase
Effy's is effying slow
I can never come here without getting a rainbow cookie!
Oh! Free Wi-Fi :)
Questionable cleanliness.  2 health closings in 3 years.  Outdoor seating is awesome thou!
Free wifi. Cheap drinks. Perfect outdoor internet cafe. And doesn't vibe UES-ish.
The goat cheese omelette is really good, as well as the spicy chicken wrap. They just renovated and it seems to be under new management. It's taking some getting used to. Like waitress service? Weird.
Cash only
Order a #5 (turkey, brie, honey mustard) with red onions on ciabatta. Delish
The wifi is incredibly weak. Probably better off next door at Starbucks.
My favorites is the Chicken Platter #7 (spicy chicken) or the Israeli Breakfast #3.
Nova omelette was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a while!
Posted before I could finish: WiFi pwd is their phone #, which is on their brochure.
Psst...free WiFi password is on their brochure at the counter.
Tel Aviv salad is holy-crap scale delicious, nutritious and filling. $8.
Nice breakfast menu
Divine Lemon Poppy Seed Scone and choc crossoint in the Brunch Basket! Lovely hint of orange in the Banana French Toast and a nice soft smoked salmon scramble. Defo a UWS Brunch Must!!!
Love the Guava Mimosa
The grilled salmon is amazing best dish!! Great service and atmosphere!
The apple tart is the best!!
Definitely try the panisses & beef short ribs - delicious!!
Great Breakfast!!!
Frittata is delicious!
Bad service, bad food. Food got cold waiting for utensils to eat it.
Gluten free menu available!
Great dining experience. One of the better restaurants on the UWS. Dinner tonight was excellent. And appreciated the unhurried and unpretentious  service. Hanger steak was delicious.
Their orange juice as well as lemon-poppy scone are absolutely delightful!
Two words...Espresso Martini!!!
Dark chocolate pot au creme is delicious!
Their brunch is lovely but in the evening, if you can get a seat at their little bar, it's a great place for sipping champagne and relaxing in the winter.
merquez with mustard, bernaise and fries, pasta with jalepeno, broccoli rabe, marscapone and bacon.
Tried the fava bean tortellini, better I had in NY.
One if the city's most distinguished wine selections. Bill Kapfer
The sole Milanese is the best!
Salmon benedict is cool!
Whoever came up with the cafe au lait in a bowl is a genius.
Creme brûlée was wonderful
GLUTEN-FREE EGGS BENEDICT FTW! Next time must get the French fries which looked so good.
Good croque madame; decent lunch spot
Tuna tartare is amazing!!!! Everything on the menu is really tasty!
Grilled chicken salad is fairly tasteless. Go for the trout or lamb salad at lunch.
Salmon Benedict was Delish!!!
Terrible service, but good food.    5 napkin burger is better at 45th and 9th
Spectacular food. Try the tuna steak, rare.  The breakfast menu is great too.
Order the Mediterranean salad - perfect for hearty lunch.
Coffee New York tried out .. good
$7 for a half gallon of milk?...I'll pass. I'm usually in here to browse and grab some bakery samples. But I get out quick before Eli tries to rob me of my cash. The bread is solid though.
It's the Zabar's for the UES. Overpriced but completely empty. Therefore an enjoyable experience
UES incarnation of Zabar's gourmet empire is much quieter, roomier, and more sane than its UWS counterpart. Yes, so expensive, but everything is so delicious!
Three words: Ham + Cheese Croissant!
Most expensive but delicious bulk treats.
Where Yentas who lunch come to complain about prices come to dine yell at their husband stan or moray and cone to die
Where Yentas go to bark and complain about prices, while they sample for free from the sneeze shield hot and food bar. Be sure to let your husband stanley that yaw stuff is falling off your tray!
Eli's own pancake mix makes the best flapjacks!
The prices are high, but the premade dips, sauces, and gravies are worth it in terms of time saved in the kitchen.
The grocery store has gypsy salami. My absolute favorite. As far as I know this is the only place that carries it.
Bread Free e brunch
This place is upscale intimate & the manager is amicable. She told us they're starting wine tasting soon. Can't wait :-)
Don't try too hard to change the menu or make special requests - they frown upon that!
beautiful supermarket !
The only bread that can provide hope during the post-apocalypse http://bit.ly/nB5HgB
crazy expensive.
A good place to get something special for home. Top quality but insanely expensive. Bring the Amex.
Great produce, cheese, and desserts. Definitely worth the price.
Love this Eli's ,stop at least twice a week on way home-superb selection of well,everything -love the cheeses. Often go to 91st as well (closer to home)
Summer and ice cream-need I say more. If you can't decide-sample your top three.:)
My favorite place to food shop, ever... ever, ever. Extremely pricey, but well worth it IF you're a #shamelessfoodie like me.
The best cheese section anywhere! Parmesan crisps not worth the money, but insanely good. Caesar crisps complete any salad. Pecan pie = A+.
Cupcakes were good.
Closed for repairs
Great coat racks
Key West burger deluxe is one of the best burgers in the city.
Divine is what that quinoa salad is.
Great tabouli! Salada are big enough to share.
Latrice from HR: Hummus chicken wraps yummy. Greek salad to die for.
Their lentil soup is great, as is their hummus.  One of my favorite places to eat when on a budget, around Lincoln Center.
I recommend the quinoa salad with chicken... You won't be disappointed!
Have to check in and sync your american express card first to get credit.
Get a ten dollar credit when you use your american express.
Order the Quinoa!
Quinoa salad is delicious!
If you’re craving hummus, this is the place to go!  We love the spicy sun dried tomato pesto hummus paired with a Tomato Soup.
Looking for a quick stop upper-west side? This is your terrace for a good Mediterranean wrap.
Watch out for the cilantro in the quinoa salad
Dislike the garden salad, green salad is just ok, wine  is awful
The hummus-mushroom wrap is incredible. Get the quinoa salad side and you won't be disappointed.
GRADUATION GRUB: Hummus takes center stage at this casual dining spot. It's healthy, it's affordable, and it's dipable!
Try the hummus chicken wrap with the quinoa salad on the side. You will walk out with a stuffed belly
The roasted tomato hummus is a delightful lunch or snack to share with a friend.
Quality food but bland bland bland. A tiny bit overprices, not badly but enough to mention. Did I mention bland?
great quinoa salad
Ask for the Organic Lemonade mixed with the Organic Iced Mint Tea or the Pomegranate Raspberry Iced Tea. Mixing with the mint gives you a sweeter drink while the Pomegranate Raspberry is more mellow.
mushroom wrap + quinoa salad + rice pudding
If you're in the UWS, this is an good spot to stop by for a quick bite - kinda of a hole in the wall place. Greek salad is okay (prep with Romaine lettuce). 3 out of 5 kudos.
Salads are fresh and yummy - try the Greek or Garden
Try the Sweet Potato And Mushroom Soup and spot it on Foodspotting!
If ordering the wrap get the quinoa side. Excellent.
The Tomato Soup and The Greek Salad with chicken are both excellent!
Great Hummus
Tried the Nanoosh wrap which was excellent, will definitely be coming back to try the rest of the menu. The wrap was tasty but not overpowering.
Nanoosh wrap is great. Great for a meal outside standard meal times.
The Nanoosh Green Salad is so delicious! The raisins perfectly match with arugula and carrots.
This place has the best service I've ever experienced in NYC
Brunch is meh but hey, limitless mimosas and bloody's.
a marked improvement over the last year... skinny margaritas and skinny jalepeno margaritas are much better these days! ... just be careful of being overcharged for drinks or 'on the house' shots
Great good and service!! Recommend it
No high chairs here. Seriously?!
Hard to ruin a Carne asada taco but they found a way.  Tough meat with odd seasoning.  And for $10 for an order , it would be great to have more than a 1/2 cup of guac
If you value your time and/or life, sit this one  out.
Mwah, not so tasty, not recommended...
We heard about Jalapeño when we Googled "menudo"nyc.  What we found were various restaurants serving menudo but were mostly in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens.
Food okay, good size portions but music is freakin loud! Also, FYI they don't take credit cards that have chips...
The pork shank and rissoto are amazingly good.
The hominy soup was pleasantly delightful as it was just like my mother's own pozole. Full review link:
Don't get the tortilla soup - it tastes like zoo poop
pomegranate margarita was the bombbbb. and the pozole is to die for
Had nice two-item lunch for $10. Not too heavy, and a pleasant atmosphere. Complimentary chips and salsa.
Spicy tinga rocks
Overpriced. Food was not memorable.
Try the camarones a la diabla: shrimps in a spicy sauce with fried banana slices! Yum! :-)
Really liked the jalapeño  margarita , avocado fries were awesome
So their endless brunch "drinks" are not endless.  If you want to have more than one or two, eat very slowly!  They won't serve you anymore once they take your plate. Not worth the $
Nice atmosphere and good burritos
Margaritas are not good but the fish was great!
Love their salsa!
The carne asada tacos are the best! Also, try the tostada with fish. Delicious!!!
Have the Skinny Girl Margarita. Much nicer than the standard sugar syrupy variety.
Food is awesome, reasonably priced, and well portioned. Check it.
I had the chicken asada and highly reccomend it
Weak cocktails from the bar... Stick to tequila shots and beer.
The Mega Burrito is one of the best burritos in town... Chicken, beef, guacamole and more...
fried avocado!
I should go culinary!
Sad to hear that Soutine is closing their doors :( But the good news is that we have one of their former bakers and managers, cooking up the goodies for your holidays and every days!
raspberry tart was excellent, but i will return for the sensational cheddar bread. could have eaten two loaves.
What's that smell?  Ah, it's Soutine's just baking some cakes and pastries! Their croissants are as good as it gets, don't leave without getting the pain au chocolat.
The tiny storefront, which is easy to miss, houses some of the most addicting pastries and beautiful cakes in all of NYC!  Try a Pan au Chocolat and you’ll be hooked!
The toasted baguette with zucchini, tomato and grated reggiano parmigiano cheese GRILLEd!  Amazing @ $5
Soutine has some of the best croissants found anywhere in New York. This authentic Parisian patisserie bakes a scrumptious array of pastries, tarts, tortes, and fresh baguettes daily.
Get the coconut cake if they have it. It's not too sweet and almost falls apart, it's so airy.
Theres a ton of chocolate in the chocolate croissant!!
Best Key Lemon Pie ever!
chocolate chip banana bread
This UWS bakery, known for its custom-designed birthday cakes, offers awesome birthday parties, too! Young pastry chefs can make gourmet tarts from scratch.Powered by ParentsConnect.com
Get their home made baguettes only from Monday to Friday. Paris grade. On weekends, they get them somewhere else -- which doesn't make any sense...
The risotto is to die for. Also the lamb turine.
Big portions!  Don't come here if you want a light meal...
Coucous with merguez, chicken farfalle, red berry tart. But everything is great.
Great burgers, although they got our orders all wrong.   And it's KARAOKE night! Mixed feelings about the ones singing...
Awesome chill place to be with friends :-)
My friend got robbed here. Never coming back. Bad crowd.
Careful, looks like a dive bar, but they don't charge like one
This place mixes it up!  On various nights I have seen it as a: Karaoke Bar, Sports Bar, Live Music Bar, Art Gallery, Stand-up Comedy Bar, Gay Bar, DJ/Dance Bar, Singles Date Night Bar, and more!
Is a nice bar in upper west midtown.  Not a far walk from subways and times square. Good pool table in the back that take bills.
Amex deal is over. Now you get a free shot. Yay!
Crappy bar with super cheap drinks. Heart.
Try the Cheese Plate - #jelly is so good (via @Foodspotting)
Brought 10 of my friends and got a round of drinks on the house with the check-in special!!! Awesome atmosphere!
Try the Chorizo And Lobster Eggs Benedict (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Steak Fries (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Steak-Frites - Yummy!!! Order it rare. (via @Foodspotting)
happy hour all night! pool table in the back
Find Jesse and she'll take care of you! Ask for the Swedish fish!
$6 for a Yuengling? No thanks. I'll go use that money to buy a small country in Brooklyn.
Try the Buffalo Chicken Dumplings - Amazing. Worth a stop at the bar every time! (via @Foodspotting)
Great live acoustic music. Laid back atmosphere.
Love it here. Always an eclectic crowd. Live music. Karaoke. Friendly bartenders. Cheap drinks. Couches and pool in the back.
Try the Buffalo Chicken Dumplings - I saw the people next to me order them and devour them. Had to order them. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the French Fries (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Steak Burger (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Espresso Martini (via @Foodspotting)
Try the The King French Toast - Crazy good. (via @Foodspotting)
Thursday nights: Wonderwall Galore
THE BATHROOM IS FUCKING FREEZING!
Love the home made ketchup!!
Robert the bouncer is awesome! Madd chill ^_^
Come in Sundays for Gay Night! Karaoke, Happy Hour and plenty of Fabulous people everywhere!!
Two words: tator tots!
7-11 is planning to open hundreds of new stores in Manhattan - driving local bodegas out. NYC is mall-like enough for my taste already so I'm recommending a city-wide boycott of 7-11. Who's with me?!
First tip here!! Woot woot!!! Travis, Andre and Jamal have things covered late night...and w a Sev isn't that the most important? Thanks fellas. :)
Chocolate raspberry coffee. Delicious!
The people that work there yell like lunatics. Can I get 5 seconds to decide what I want ?
A bit pricey, but they have decent/good sandwiches.
The classic wrap (egg, broccoli, and cheese on a spinach wrap), although not really classic, is great.
Surprisingly bland.
DO NOT EAT HERE!!! I got terrible food poisoning from this place and they were extremely rude to me when I reported it to them. Absolutely awful.
Get the Delite omelette flatbread! Have someone scout ahead for a table!
Great coffee and the staff is super nice.
Amazingly Expensive French Toast. ^_^
Good food and good service :)
The french toast platter is exquisite!! Yummy
Fiesta Wrap... Mmmm.
Their coffee tastes really bad... Cheesecake is good tho
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Great meal deals and super fresh sandwiches! Gyros!  Pick up the wifi from Mcdonalds across the street and enjoy the magic!
see, I think their wraps are great... and yes, the chips that come with them are stale, but theyre still pretty good. the staff is very friendly as well.
The paninis/wraps are bad. They are served cold and with a side of old lettuce carrots and tomato. It's pricey an the service is bad. Do yourself a favor and don't eat here.
nyummy deliciousooooooo:9
Go during late nights for really great coffee.
test from buzzd http://bit.ly/9ktH8s
blah blah test
sgfsdgsdfgsdfg
Lovley it greate
Best hot dogs of NYC!
Recession special with piña colada... Great quick cheap fix. Yeah!
They will play you at the register if you don't watch them
Am I really the first person here to warn that this joint is cash-only? For a mega chain, that's very unexpected
Tasty! Best hot dogs ever!
Dejaos de carritos, de Natahan's famous y de tonterías, este es el mejor lugar para comer perritos, es auténtico, está muy bueno y es barato. Y con amplio horario.
Not only.great hotdogs nd the best drinks but if.it around in.the am dey got 2.25 sausage egg and cheese sandwich add 25 cent and you got a coffee!
Dogs, dogs...have some dogs.
This is a nice place 2 go 2 and eat a hot dog.
Can't leave the UWS without having a dog or three.
Hot Dog @ Gray's Papaya New York
Hot Dog @ Gray's Papaya New York
Crunchy skin, perfect long dogs, a buck.
Just need a break. Back to work in a moment.
Best dogs in town best atmosphere around 430 am.  For the afterparty lol
Well done with kraut + mustard is the way to go!
Remember this place in You've Got Mail?
Hot dog with onions and a piña colada :) (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Lady asked for change to get food I gave her my 2nd dog instead.. Felt good to do. I did enjoy my dog w onions and piña colada juice.
For sure the best place for a hot dig!
Eat a hot dog.
Can't beat the recession special! Two dogs and a drink (except pineapple & OJ) for $4.95 (tax incl.)
Recession special all the way.
The "Recession Special": 2 hotdogs and a 16 oz drink for $4.99...enough said.
Always freggin yummy
Freakin awesome!
Coconut champagne and delicious hot dogs. Mean little man in front though.
My favorite place in the city!!!
I dropped a Collectivus Random Mix Cassette Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Can't beat the Ression Special - 2 franks and 1 drink for $4.95 including tax.
Bomb hot chocolate!  So good!  Suprised by it!
$4.99 for a large soup. The Wi-Fi password is: tastycafe.
Get the soup+ half-sandwich/wrap deal for $6.99... Not bad for Upper West Side!
Very good salad ingredients, and very friendly and courteous people! Great place to get a quick, healthy snack!
They forget to give utensils and napkins for to ho orders. Make sure you have what you need before you leave.
The guys who work here are so nice. They saw that I was cold and gave me a free sample of soup.
Yummy salads!
Make own salad
pancakes are to die for.
Outdoor seating is nice...scam the free wi-fi and do some work or just engage in some hardcore voyeurism as people walk down Broadway.
'Make Your Own Pasta' Bar!  Choose your pasta, fresh toppings, fresh garlic and pesto! Yum!
Awesome 'Make Your Our' pasta bar
I really liked the sandwichs and the soup. Great price on combo.
Chipotle crisp chicken wrap is yummo!
Chipotle crisp chicken wrap is yummo!
Chipotle crisp chicken wrap is yummo!
Try the Create your own Pasta bar for Only $8.99! That's a great price for the Upper West Side.
Absolutely fantastic!  Great prices, great food---try the arrabiata penne!
Extremely pleasant staff
my vitamin water was extremely delicious.
Amazing white slice!!
Best Penne a la Vodka on the Upper East Side. No exaggerations.
Best specialty pizza!
Luigui pizza it awsome if you never did you should try it
The Grandma Slice here is possibly the best pizza I have ever consumed.
Gluten free pizza please!
The new thin Sicilian slices--sausage or the chicken marsala slices--are awesome
Tasty & good quality pizza. Little overpriced; $4.25 for a veggie slice.
Buffalo Chicken, Whole Wheat and Grandma slices are the best! Mangia!
Great whole wheat pizza.
Buffalo chicken slice is the bomb
Get the chicken slice!
Pizza is ok, but the dinners are amazing. Great prices too
The whole wheat pizza is great. Especially with added pepperoni
Get a slice of the whole wheat pizza. It's sweet and delicious, and hey, who doesn't love fiber.
Great chicken sandwich!  The whole wheat slice and white cheese slice are delicious too!
Great pizza!  Attentive staff. Try chicken and tomato slice for dinner. Yummo
They do have gluten-free pizza crust (a rarity in this neighborhood), but you have to buy a whole pie -- it's premade and not enough demand for slices.
best pizza in the city.  (awesome salads and pasta too)
Very good Buffalo Slice
ALWAYS slow. But so delicious!
The garlic sauce is a must, its amazing !!
The falafel salad box is a great choice if you are watching your budget. For around 8 bucks you get a power lunch; great pre-workout choices!
Little known fact: eggplant, hummus, and falafel are a match made in heaven. With sweet potato fries and a cold drink, the #1 is worth trying!
Try the Junior Maoz (via @Foodspotting)
Worth every cent. If you're familiar with streetcart falafel you'll taste and appreciate the cleaner, and overall better taste of maoz falafels. And it won't give you the shits!
If you like food poisoning you will love this place!!!!
Another solid falafel and salad bar option.
falafel is great
The food is good. Too bad the service here is horrendous; perhaps the worst I've ever experienced.
Order a Junior Meal Deal for some great falafel, freshly cooked fries, and a drink. Also, visit the salad bar: unlimited refills!  (emphasis here is on veggies) tabbouleh, tahini, cabbage slaw, etc
Fries are made to order, so they're always hot. Be sure to factor in that time, though.
The Junior Falefel Sandwich is awesome, with a side of sweet potato fries!
veggies are fried so not too healthy, but delicious
Absolutely disgusting. Never coming back here again. Unless I can bring some chicken with me.
Dip the sweet potato fries in yogurt sauce, it's amazing!
Awesome unlimited salad bar
Get a junior maoz and keep going back to the salad bar for topping refills. Best $4.25 you'll spend.
Their falafel salad box is great. You can pick what veggies you want from their salad bar.
Craving Fanta? They carry it here. If only there was Shasta..
Maoz Falafel with Avocado, Hummus, Broccoli, and Ketchup. Amazing.
I haven't been there in a long time; love the donuts but the coffee is sooo good.
Love my caramel latte
My favorite coffee chain. Aside from all the flavored goods, their regular cup of coffee is good.
The new smoke sausage egg and cheese is in point
Quite in love with their grilled sandwiches and their mini hashbrowns.
Caramel Iced Lattes be on point
Greet the owner, Freddy. He used to play professional soccer for the Cosmos.
We're treated like royalty every time we come. The veal is excellent and the broccoli rabe is divine! The rice pudding cake is a must!
I agree with Peter b. service not great.
Food is great. Service not so great
We love this restaurant.  Risotta. Was great, ravioli even better
Love this place, so romantic, and really good food too
Not a great place, skip if you can.
If you're looking for a world-class nova sandwich, turn around and go to Barney Greengrass.
I first came here on a Groupon and now can't stay away. The herring in cream sauce with onion is divine, and their smoked fish may just be the best in the city. But everything here is amazing.
The kippered salmon is extraordinary!
Vegetarian chopped liver = yum!
Great local deli here, fill up on the chopped liver, smoked salmon, or our personal favorite - lox on a bagel.
A staple on the Upper West Side and it should be your place to pick up your fill of Smoked Fish, Chopped Liver, Tongue and Knishes.
Awesome potato knish!
They offer staples baked in a European style, such as baguettes and multi-grain loaves, along with regional specialty bread, such as authentic corn tortillas, fine lavash, Challah, Rye, Ciabatta.
In the Classroom
Working in the kitchen
Fresh M'Smen
Incubator Orientation in the classroom
Welcome to our bakery! This is where all of the delicious Hot Bread Kitchen products  are freshly baked with locally grown, organic ingredients whenever possible.
This place is the shit... There is a hueco were there is beer and alcohol and is open until late and there is also a bar.next to it
LOVE this place!  Really nice staff and the food is really good. Brunch is awesome; try The Hunter, you won't be disappointed!
They have a great breakfast and charming staff. Don't hate and give it a try.
This place is terrible. Leave now before being woefully disappointed!
Although theu ruined the charm of the atmosphere, the burger's ( meat/veggie/turkey) are all awesome with sweet potatoe fries.
I agree with Ben. Greenpoint Coffee House had charm. This place is like a Panera-version, clean and commercialized. Eggs Benedict wasn't bad though.
Totally meh. I suppose if you haven't been to Greenpoint Coffee House, it might be okay - but compared to what used to be here, this is blah.
Eggplant slice is so ridiculous.
They specialize in everything chicken pizza: BBQ chicken, spicy chicken, chicken parm.
I am an Indian and I would say food sucks here! Very bad!
Don't eat hrere. I tried their buffet and every dish is missing some flavor. Also selection is very limited. Chicken Tandoori was so dry I could not eat it. Curries were so mild it had no flavor.
No chicken tikka masala or saag paneer at the buffet? That's a bold move. Overall, this place is lacking.
you probably should not eat here. at the very least, steer clear of chicken tikka masala and chapati (which is a toasted flour tortilla).
Chicken sbaji is really good
I've been coming here with my family for the past 4 years & I have zero complaints!!! Love the way they treat my toddlers!!!!
I eat Indian food a lot and I have to say, this was the worst Indian food I ever had in my entire life! Curry was flavorless and greasy and the dal tasted like chalk, I threw it all away!
4 Dollar beers hell yeah!!!
Awesome food at a very affordable price but they have to do something about the attitude of this senior citiZen waiter
Lunch box to go starting at $6.95!
Great lunch buffet for 10.95$ my favorite budget Indian lunch!
Skip dinner and go for the rice pudding instead. (I don't even normally like rice pudding.)
The food is pretty good--service so-so--don't go into the bathroom :(
Bubble milk black tea - $3.00 in Chinatown, $3.00 + tax = $3.26 here. I hate fumbling for change :(
Obnoxiously expensive and not very good.
Skip it. Food is blah and expensive.
Get the bulgoki hot stone bowl - really tasty!
The sushi rolls are disgusting. I ordered a tuna avocado roll and the tuna was grainy and barely edible and the avocado was clearly old and brown (see picture). Do not eat here if you enjoy sushi.
Good food, but you're really paying for the midtown location. Not worth it.
Bring your bank account...
Go for their $9 Lunch special and get their combo plate, which is two meats and two veggies. This allows you to try different dishes. The beef tips are a must, so seasoned, with side of chick peas.
try the veggie combo!
Nice Indian kinda food . Bt jus remind urself to b patient .. It takes hell lotta time to get ya food on table...
Red honey wine - go.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Great food, great service, nice atmosphere & good prices.
Friendly service.  Unpretentious.  There's several African beers on the drink menu.
Try the vegetarian combo, for two, three, or four.
Doro wot ($15) It is a classic dish from my birth country, Ethiopia. It reminds me of my brothers and sisters back there. My wife, Maya, cooks the best version of doro wot.
The meat and veggie combo was terrific!
Just order Number 2 Combo for two and bring your own bottle of wine ($10 corking)
You didn't think that the Upper West Side (or New York, for that matter) had a decent Ethiopian restaurant? The real action is in DC, but the sambusa at Awash is worth checking out.
This is a great restaurant.  I'd highly recommend!
Get the shiro and you get 2 extra veggie sides.
For the love of G-d, do not eat this food. It was the worst. Terrible, terrible food.
Saw a rat. Eat with caution.
Try the Chicken Khali - #firey! #rich. Make sure you order a mango Lassi  (via @Foodspotting)
ask for the whole wheat naan. it's worth the extra $1
The by-the-lb buffet is gone.  Apparently they were attracting the wrong sort of diner and the regulars complained.
Not sure what has happened but Taste of India decided to take away the specials and now you have to order by the 1/2 lb., terrible service now, the door's open and the food's cold, since it's exposed.
Pretty good food. They have a buffet that is worth it.
Go after lunch rush for better service, but be prepared that the lamb will be gone. Mildly spiced for Americans. Cheap Indian fast food.
They didn't return my change!
Not much variety but the chicken tikka masala is a solid go to lunch item.
Looks good but the taste is bland, don't have much flavor. Wanted to like this but my tastebuds won't let me.
But is it as good as the one in the Newport Mall in Jersey City?  (Not really.)
great prices and good steamed crabs!
Great prices for fish and shrimps. Plus they streamed them as well.
Combo gyro is the best.
Great Polish and European food with a good variety of beers. Definitely a place every one should check out!
This location always smells like BO.
The fastest subway I've ever been to!
I love the chicken teriyaki on honey oat bread. Im must popular her when I see the commercials with the specials. Buy one get one free or discounted footlongs
Well, avoid if possible because it feels like they are charging Donald Trump with their prices. Maybe its me...
Staff speaks barely above a whisper and mumbles so ask them to speak louder. Also, they put a measly tablespoon of meat on my meat and cheese sub
across previtti pizza. cafe metro in the corner. the bus to newark airport is in front.
$5 for soup & half a sandwich
290 calorie for a black forest ham footlong sub
sweet onion sauce goes good with anything.
One of the best pizza options in Midtown East. Great selection, quick service and great food.
Love its rich-veggie pizza! Should try mushrooms & olives as well.
Try their chicken roll, it is pretty good!
The $7 lunch buffet is the best deal in mid town east!
Get the spicy beans with your $7 lunch special.
Try dinner special: Salad or soup, a pasta, entre, and vegetable selections all for buck and Hamilton!
The best Rice ball Parm I have ever had.. They didn't know how to make it and I told them and what do u know AMAZING .. a little mozzarella, marinara, and ricotta yummy!!
Best lunch deal ever: 1 meat, 2 pasta, 2 veg for 7 bucks.  Can't figure how they make the chicken Parma so tender.
This place is run by idiots
Probably one of the best pizza places in the area. The place is narrow though. People who have claustrophobia should get their pizza elsewhere. ;)
Their chicken mozzarella is tasty, but a little on the heavy side. Buy the half sandwich. You don't need a whole one.
have the eggplant slice
Get that honey glazed turkey, American cheese, lettuce, mayo in a hero with $1 chips for $5..
El gato se llama Max.
They dont have pbr. Just top shelf beer
Try the cheb, the national dish of Senegal- the rice is heavily laced with palm oil, further flavored with tamarind and bits of stockfish that's been stuffed w/ cilantro, green onions, garlic & fried
The passion fruit filling in the macaroon is out of this world.
To celebrate the New Era Pinstripe Bowl, customers can enjoy a special offer to receive 1 dozen assorted mini cupcakes for only $10 (12.26 - 12.30)
Get 4 cupcakes. The Red Velvet(MUST), Strawberry, Coconut and Double Chocolate. or just 4 red velvet. Best red velvet. Best.
Menu is confusing. Look up what the deal is before you come to avoid having to ask a million questions.
Scallops were delicious. Prawn and monkfish appetizers were also amazing. Questionable if this place needs to be this fussy though.
Melt in your mouth sushi. Just do it. All of it!
Yasuda is for sushi purists. Not the place for rolls. The variety of different fish is incomparable to any other sushi place in NYC.  Red miso soup w clam is fantastic.  Amazing!
Perfect sushi, fresh fish from Japan to Manhattan. Yasuda is considered one of the best NY sushis and you should find out why.
sitting at the sushi bar is a must
Best sushi in NYC.  A purist will love it.
Make a reservation a few days early to sit at the bar. Omakase is a must (obviously). Uni is pretty damn good.
Worth the $$$$$, best uni I've ever had! Have to go to Jiro's in JPN next time and compare them ☺
Fish is so so fresh you dont even need the rice. Sashimi :) amazing. Def no need for spicy mayo and tempura flakes. Skinny and delicious #FFactorApproved
Don't miss the sea scallop guts, and the two preparations of eel.
In a city that eagerly embraces each successive wave of Japanese imports, Sushi Yasuda remains the ideal long-running, low-key place to celebrate sushi as it’s meant to be eaten.
Best sushi ever...and ever. Get the omakase.
best sushi in town...get omakase
Sit at the bar to get your very own personal sushi chef!
Amazing flavors, I never knew sushi could be so delicious. Must tries: Uni, toro, Spanish mackerel, razor clam, unagi. I recommend starting with the combination Matsu and going from there.
Best sushi I've ever had.  Make reservations, read menu in advance, expect high prices and high quality.  Great for business meetings and dates, but very busy.
They don't have any sauces or spicy mayo butt they don't need to. U have to try iit to understand. Deff a place if ur iin the city u MUST try to try sushi the way its actually meant to taste. Amazing!
This place is a joke.  Don't waste your $ here!
Sit at the bar and order the omakase.  The head sushi chef is the first position as you walk in.
Try the Yubowl - #healthy #tofu #greens #brownrice (via @Foodspotting)
Selected by Zagat Survey as best Japanese/sushi restaurant in NY for 2 yrs running. Offers intimate ambiance and sleek blond wood interiors put focus on excellent food and on your fascinating date.
Ethereal and sublime.  Possibly the best sushi in the city. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It doesn't offer the clichéd romantic restaurant trappings, but the intimate ambiance and sleek blond wood interiors put the focus where it belongs- on the excellent food and on your fascinating date.
nice shushi
Fine 1.4: High end sushi. Make sure you sit at the sushi counter & order omakase style. For a slightly cheaper option, I always liked Ushiwakamaru (on Houston/6th) - sit in front of Chef Hideo.
Get the chef's choice.  He knows best.
Expect authentic japanese food, but the waitress will look at you badly if you ask for Spicy Tuna or California Rolls...(!) The setting is sober but a bit too quiet and cold for a nyc restaurant
For the best sushi experience in NYC, you've come to the right place. For the full experience get the Omakase, a personal dining experience with one chef who serves up piece after piece of pure bliss.
Recommended dishes: Sushi and sashimi, flash-fried shrimp, grilled fish liver and flash-fried eel bones.
Only cheddar and American cheese when I got my sandwich which is kinda lame but it's a clean place.
They give the biggest portions of meat than any other subway I've ever been to!
Don't expect a smile. Had breakfast here past 4 days and they are rude. Everything you ask for is far too much effort, inc just a coffee. Avoid.
Not the place to go to if you're in a rush.
Worst starbucks ever. I've caught a couple watching porn and clipping their nails. Also, tourist central...
WORST Starbucks ever. Thank you for giving me attitude while being slow and then giving me half a cup of coffee.
I love their morning crew always a smile and they try hard to remember their regulars.
Strawberry and Blueberry Yogurt Parfait is very nice at $3.45 :)
It's not that they are unbelievably slow and rude... It's that they're trying to teach you patience and how to be a more tolerant person.
slowest starbucks ever! especially in the morning. If your in a rush is better to go somewhere else.
Do not try the Glazed Cashew with Pomegranate & Vanilla snack.  Why, because they are ridiculously tasty and may result in an uncontrollable  habit.  Oh, try the tea - less addictive and very good.
Even at 9AM on a weekday, I've never found the line to be excessively long...
Terrible staff
All the baristas speak Spanish!
If you're a regular here, get to know Dhalia. She remembers everyone's names and orders, and is always really nice.
use the new mobile app to pay for your coffee. Just scan the screen and you're done.
A much better alternative to the over crowded Starbucks near the Empire State Building.
The morning staff is the best, hands down.
Best customer service of any Starbucks in Manhattan.
The best Starbucks ever.
The service here is better than any Starbucks i'v visited. Keep up the great work guys...
The staff were surprisingly bad here...mainly rude but missing drink orders left and right.
Love the morning crew in and out...
Wild adventure on service. Not sure what to make of it.
Cinnemon dolce latte is great
Slow and rude staff.
You can see this building.
Facing Empire State bldg.
Facing Empire State bldg.
The staff here is great considering the location and all the tourist
Stopped by on Saturday night at 9 and they ran out of Mocha (both white and black) and is not ashamed a bit.... 2 persons running the show and the facility was messy
Had a nice experience here. The manager is very engaged with both the employees and customers making sure everyone is taken care of and happy. The worst Starbucks locations are in Penn Station.
My sandwich came complete with someone's hair!
Gets pretty hectic during lunch, especially with live music. If you spend time in the SF Bay Area, this is pretty analogous to Toaster Oven.
Malt milk-shakes are wonderful. Pizza sandwich with the peppers are a personal favorite.
Get the clubby (not in the list) - ham, turkey, bacon, ranch
The Mediterranean is good. It's even better if you have them add salami.
In my opinion his place is one of the best lunch deals in otherwise horribly overpriced Midtown. 6 bucks for an awesome Italian sandwich that's twice as good as Subway? Yes please!
You know the PB&J is quality using Skippy & Welchs!
Mmmmm. Good stuff.
Rude service, delicious sandwiches!
Peanut butter and banana smoothie for those who are lactose intolerant and want a delicious treat
Italian with meatball!
Turkey Breast on whole wheat!
Love, love, love the turkey!  The peppers are a must.
This pizza sandwich is the best thing that has ever been in my mouth!
Sandwiches are fresh, nothing too exciting though. The live music is god awful though -- probably trying to get people in and out of there; feel bad for the employees
Try the Sandwiches!
Try the wrecking ball! The wreck + meatballs!
Get there by 12 avoid the line
Decent Straight-forward $7 salads, soups, & sandwiches under $6. If you're watching your carbs, order it "thin-cut" for 1/3 less bread.
Decent Straight-forward $7 salads, soups, & sandwiches under $6.
Anything w the hot peppers!
Get it "skinny" for less bread.
No online ordering, lines are long but they move
Stop creating duplicate locations.
A taste of Chicago...
A taste of Chicago...
A taste of Chicago...
A taste of Chicago...
A taste of Chicago...
Bad milkshakes. Good cookies.
RUDEST manager
amazing thin crusted lite pizza - the mushroom one was amazing.. it addictive, along with a good wine selection, with a warm atmosphere with cozy fireplace area as well-- enjoy
The best I ever had :-)
Head to Asellina for Angels & Demons Cotillion Held on Saturday, October 27th, 2012 from 9PM - 4AM. Don't miss out on the 1 hour vodka open bar from 9PM-10PM. Tickets are starting at $10.
Burratta ravioli is amazing.
Ahi Tuna Tartare- black truffle! No brainer, yum!!
Great brunch. Amazing, authentic Italian dishes. Cold seafood salad is done right. Olives stuffed with veal picatta is to die for. Good for a crowd.
Try the flat bread pizza
Order the Burrata and oven dried tomato ravioli!!! It's awesome!!!
For dessert try the celery custard with rhubarb, great fusion of flavors for a light finish.
Italian grilled cheese is married with a delish baguette and tomato soup.
Try the Italian grilled cheese and tomato soup combo! Perfect for a chilly day!
amazing veal meatballs
If you like Reds, try the Dolcetto D'alba. Beef burger with fontina and mortadella is  happily married with truffle fries. Seriously yum!
Hip, crowded & noisy modern Italian. Very good and fun for groups. BTW, who named this place? (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
highly recommend! try seafood salad, ahi tuna tartare n roasted branzini
Highly recommend the brunch special with bellini trio
Terrible beer selection.
The fried egg breakfast is amazing
Patrick and Liz are the best servers! Ask for them.
Anyone recommending the pizza here has never been to Italy nor are they from New York.
Great customer service! Eggplant appetizer is amazing, as well as the chicken entree and beef tenderloin.
Try their pizza, you won't regret it!
The food better be awesome because the customer service is terrible. Gotta love NYC trendy spots!
Table for 5 does not work.
Excellent Sunday jazz brunch when Luis Guzman is performing on bass. Menu: with a group, order Bellini Quartino for variety with Prosecco. Food is okay - go for pizza instead of breakfast.
Try Asellina's “Maria Sanguinosa,” which is italicized with a shot of grappa. It’s also the only Bloody you can order by singing “Maria, Maria”.
Must try wood fired pizza and eggplant parm totino
GREAT date spot.. Ambiance is amazing.. So is the Famosa cocktail!
The bartenders are sexy!!
Thumbs down. Service good. Didn't like food.
Great happy hour. Beautiful bar.
Live music :-D. Cash only :-/
Hay que probar los caracoles,
The best place in the neighborhood!  Get the octopus...you can do it!
Jordy the saxophonist is amazing as well! Very entertaining.
The churrasco was the best I had in years! The steak was cooked to perfection, sauce and the vegetables were bomb as well! And it being around the corner from my grandparents house is a major plus...
Live guitar: Nice. Ballads from Mom's days: Super Nice.
I love the atmosphere!
my favorite place in the world!
Love the tortilla espanola. The service is great.
Love the sangria!
Try the lobster bisque!
Wonderful paella marinera con tinto. Crema catalan w cortado yummmmmmmy.
The tapas alone add up to about 40, including Serrano ham, offal (pig's snout, ear), boquerones, cured yellowfin tuna and langoustines imported from Spain.
Love this place--suddenly like being in Toledo!
Absolutely fabulous!!- Cava sangria in NYC!! A rare piece my friends!
Really great Spanish beer and wine list, fresh seafood, cash only.
2 de pollo y una lengua frita
<3
Watch out for the long lines around 4am
Yunis (sp?) makes the best sandwiches.
get some blueberry blasters!
I have to say they do have the best sammiches in the area and the beer selection is proper!
The new day guy (noon to midnight) makes a killer sandwich! He'll even put grilled onions on them if you ask.
69 cent lady linda cupcakes = dope
My source of 40s and Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches
One of the few places in the neighborhood where they don't smash your bagel into a pancake while toasting
Nigel will not only make you what you need but will
Grab a fresh juice or yummy smoothie!!!!
don't come here for a cheeseburger, but the burgers are really good
Must try the breakfast burger with Caramelized onions!!!
The BBQ honey mustard sauce is something you will not forget!
Their yam fritters are a delicious choice for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.
Same amazing fries as Mikes Pizza!
Food is pretty good
Try the Syo-yu Ramen - Awesome Ramen! (via @Foodspotting)
Moscato is my favorite
Best....fries...EVER!!!!
Sesame chicken.
Great challah.
Can't hold a candle to moishe's in the village. Worst bialy ever to boot.
Great challah and rougelach!
One of favorite place of my dad!
Rude staff
Get the Siete Potencias (7 Powers), an intoxicating stew of mixed seafood. My favorite seafood dish in NYC.
Philly cheesesteak isn't bad, their sandwiches get cheaper the more you go
Great food, great service. Took my family there for a surprise birthday party. They were VERY accommodating...will be back very soon.
Try the salmon crepe! Very yummy. Also the French toast is great!
Great mussels, wine bottles half price on Wednesdays
Monday night is Steak Night. A real bargain. Any steak is 12.95 and sides are 5 dollars. #getit
Check out the prixe fixe menu
Great brunch & excellent service but skip the Bloody Mary, it's weak.
Soupe á l'oognon: not bad. Steak au poivre: good. Service: better. Music: best AND loudest.
If you're seeking a healthy approach have the salmon burger sans bread with spinach on the side.
The manager is wonderful, he always maakes the menu work. Staff is great its a feeling here of a small Paris bistro.. love the food. Wish they had live french music
Try the Moules Frites (via @Foodspotting)
Love the energy and atmosphere of this place, but I need for the cute waiter that resembles John Legend to NOT be so damn absent-minded.
Try the Lamb Sausage In Puff Pastry (via @Foodspotting)
You're at one of Harlem's most popular restaurants located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate visit www.elliman.com/brianphillips
Try sitting at the bar with Jason, one of the hottest White boys EVER! I like 'em heavy-handed and handsome, honey!
Satisfyingly good.
Monday is steak night - specials on animal flesh!
Try the je t'aime - such a delicious cocktail!
Enjoy the Thai mussels and frits!
Salad with paoched egg and bacon was better than I thought
Try the onion soup and the Cobb salad
Poulet roti lunch special with chips and soup of the day is a fantastic deal
Salmon burger hits the spot. Ask for Raymond!!!
They have a nice patio area with coverage if it gets too sunny.
Never again - wait staff hasn't a clue, don't listen!
Excellent bistro fare, excellent value, best net in this area if Red Rooster is too rich for your blood.
Try the French Kiss its yummy. :-)
Based on my one experience, it was not representative of French food. Notwithstanding, the food and ambience combined made it a nice evening.
WE love the French food and interior decor. Outdoor seating is nice as well. Ask about the VIP Tuesday card. Got half off on meal. Visit www.WeHarlem.com. Download WeHarlem iPhone/Android App 4 FREE
I also must add I ordered Merlot. It came was watered down house wine. They admitted they ran out of merlot. They replaced it with a nice Cab..just upsetting to see a wonderful place going slowly down
The service and great ambience is not what it was. I hope they wake up and get it right again
The ATM inside Carreons is cheaper than the one outside the bodega next door.
Their Mexican Coffee cures even the worst hangovers
Ask for their lemon poppy seed muffin and their raisin bran muffins! Excellent!
Forget about buying expired milk at Last Stop next door. Buy unexpired milk here instead!
Get a smoothie!
Try the lasagna pizza! Always a winner :)
Philly Cheese Steak Pizza FTW !
Meatball Stromboli FTW
El mejor encebollados
Lines are long, place is dirty, and servers are slow
Chicken and Cashews is a major disappointment. Its all celery. I should have just bought celery at the bodega.
Fast service. Decent food. My favourite place round here
Chicharron with a side of Batata hits the spot.
Try the fried sweet potatoes! Awesome
The food is delicious and the portions are generous. Real authentic Mexican
Try the goldfish!
The food is amazing. And the free bread consists of bruschetta, olives and chunks of Parmesan and delicious bread.  The veal scallopine with artichokes was very good!
amazing!  must try!
Needs a wake up call but the food is very good
The pork belly farm snack is amazing.
Great food and even better service. Get the Farm Egg appetizer.
A favorite of Jennifer Aniston, Blue Hill is the creation of Chef Dan Barber. Blue Hill specializes in American cuisine with a modern finish.  Justin Theroux proposed to Jennifer Aniston here!!!
The menu has a focus on "know thy farmer," with select heritage meats and poultry, and produce from the restaurant's own farms.
Michelin 2012 ★
While the decor is subdued, Dan Barber's farm-to-table cuisine is dazzling. Beautiful, bright flavors and incredibly fresh produce. We loved the butter-like sockeye salmon ($36).
This mornings farm egg....
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Blue Hill!
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
Try as many vegetables here as possible!
Amazing bread pudding better than any in NYC
Holy shit the pork is amazing.
The back room is super cute. perfect date spot. :)
The Back Room will blow your mind!
If the entree from the Farmers Feast isn't suitable to your diet, you can swap it for a main dinner entree.
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
Organic ingredients and a spectacular eating experience. We had the most amazing vegetables (served naked and in all their natural glory) and a phenomenal veal chop from its own Stone Barns.
Blue Hill restaurant prepares delicious seasonal meals using local ingredients. Some ingredients even come from their own Blue Hill Farm in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
Try sitting at the bar and not ordering off the menu - let the team decide your menu for you.
Fine 1.2: This restaurant adopts the farm to table approach to food. It's in the West Village has an associated restaurant in Stone Barns in upstate NY which is on a farm. Modern American/French.
Supplied by their farm a few hours north of Manhattan, Blue Hill in the West Village serves fresh, seasonal veggies at the peak of their deliciousness.  Splurge on the vegetarian Farmer's Feast.
Help support Chef Dan Barber’s charity Stone Barns Center for Food and Agriculture through FOOD & WINE’s “Chefs Make Change” program!  Click to donate www.foodandwine.com/donate
One Michelin star.
If you can't get a table just stop in and eat at the bar. The bartenders are awesome. Game is better than fish...
An elegant hole in the wall serving up fresh meals.  Only downside is it can lighten your wallet a bit.  If you indulge, go for This Morning's Farm Egg.
one of the best places to go on a romantic date! Locally sourced menu, loved the asparagus "just picked".
Ask for the salt and pepper drink. In the fall, go with tomato soup, roasted squash, cauliflower steak.
If your name is Kate H., "How About You" come in between mon-thur. Ahem
The lovely & intimate atmosphere artfully showcases their ever-changing, farm-fresh menu and is perfect for a special occasion.  The Berkshire Pig and Grass Fed Lamb are perfection.
It doesn’t get any fresher than the farm-to-table dishes here. Don’t think twice—get the tasting menu. Well worth the investment. Have their wine-pairing expert help with drinks.
Parmesan wheel. Yup.
Ridiculously delicious neighborhood Italian. The restaurant named dish is a must :)
If you are thinking of getting the oxtail meatballs you ought to follow through with it!
Kind of noisy, but food really worth it
Don't miss out in the back garden seating! We almost missed it.
Don't miss the beautiful back garden in summer.
The Spaghetti Carbonara is to die for. Great pasta in general, but skip the other mains.
They only take Amex! The namesake pasta is delicious, but you better be hungry...
Try the Fettucine Al Funghi Porcini - Yummy mushroomy goodness! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spaghetti Carbonara - Super-luscious pasta that soaks up sauce like tofu.  (via @Foodspotting)
Good pasta!
Most hospitable staff you'll ever meet! And order the pumpkin ravioli... You won't regret it
Their specialty dish, tonnarelli cacio e pepe, is unbelievable, especially the presentation: it's served out of a humongous wheel of pecorino romano.
Beautiful, delicious menu. Seasonal, so it changes. Staff and food exceeded expectations, though the portions are a little on the small side.
The best cacio e pepe in NYC
If you are looking for rude service and mediocre food, this is your place
The meatballs are incredible. Someone should order the buccatini all'ametriciana. Apart from the cacio e pepe dish, it is the best thing on the menu. In the summer, eat in the back garden!
Make. Reservations.
American Express only!
Absolutely incredible! Have never had a bad dish there. The namesake dish is a must!
The namesake dish is presented in a HUGE Parmesan wheel, tossed around hot so that it soaks up the cheese, and is then put on your plate. So good.
The pasta with romano and black peppercorn is the single greatest pasta dish I have ever had.
Try the veal appetizer and a bottle of the Sangiovese.  Great value for an amazing wine.
Arrive hungry. Share the eggplant timballe to start, get the namesake dish (cacio e pepe) for your meal. YUM.
The spinach ravioli is incredible!
32 oz of beer for $4.16. That is all. If you're ever here for a Seaport show, there is no sensible alternative.
Awful food. Don't go here. On a positive note, the view is very a nice.
One of my favorite places in the city to sit down, have a drink, relax and enjoy the view
Grab a table at the bar outside in the warm months for a drink with a great view!
Watch out for the hobos in the Saw bathroom!
Jerk off in the Saw bathroom!
Steal the golf cart. It can be hotwired with a Swiss Army knife.
Lamb chops are excellent.  You deserve it
This place has a really beautiful view of the river. Go upstairs and stand on the balcony
Panoramic views of NY Harbor. Enjoy continental cuisine (get the Battery chocolate trio dessert!). You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
One of the best views in the city on a warm Spring night. Nice afterwork outdoor bar crowd at the tip of Manhattan.
Service is not good! Curry chicken, udon soup with spinach and chicken is very good, Tom Yom soup I tried better and shrimps in the soup taste like nothing.
General Tso chicken is the best. Good veggie spring rolls.
Don't go here...there was a bug in my salad.
Fish filet deep fried with paper n oil(K6), and mapo tofu r really good, also chicken fried rice with green beans .
The pork buns are delish; the tempura not up to par. Wish they had kimchi pancakes.
If you miss lili's, here's where they opened up shop
Good dumplings, a little pricey, small portions.  Sushi was good, not great.  Large order of bbq ribs means like 6.
Needs more duck in the duck lo mein.
Save your money. This place is horrible. Horrible service. I don't say that often, but this place was not a good idea
Try the duck lo mein. You won't regret it!
Volcano chicken great for spice lovers.  Pad Thai very delicious stand-by.
Try the Volcano Chicken if you like spicy food
Great lunch specials.
Pretty much everything is really good here but prices is just a tad bit too much.
Learn from my mistake eating here - You want Chinese food, go to Chinatown. Don't even think about the sushi. Otherwise you could be eating dry duck or old eel ... don't do it
all the noodle dishes (dry or in soup) are good. some recos: spare ribs, taiwanese mai fun, fish ball noodle soup, and hot & sour soup.
Few seats, slow wifi and busted outlets make for a wonderful environment. My subway station has better service than this place...
Avoid during meal times as the queue can be quite large!
Service wasn't that slow at 1 pm
Slow service and bad attitudes plague this location.
Get the Mocha Cookie Crumble Frap. It will blow your mind!!
6 employees with new walkie talkies, and service still sucks.......hard to understand
Dear tourists, the bathroom line here is not worth it. It is always waaaaaaay too long.
Very slow and the homeless people living by the bathroom like to clip their nails. Gross.
Starbucks all around the world!
Tourists are the worst here. Staff is slow.
The baristas are rock stars are here!
cappucino, sir!
Green tea frap! the very best!
Theres a secret door to another bathroom in the bathroom.
The barista guessed what I drink on my 1st visit...
Service like that of McDonalds...not Starbucks.
Service is horrible. Snails move faster than these people.
Staff here: distracted.
They used to have the best baristas. Kinda' place where you'd come in and if you were a reg. they'd know your 1st name and your reg. drink. Then they fired them all. Sucks. The new staff is ok tho.
Studied all thursday and friday, why should saturday be any different. Few more days.
There's always an epic bathroom line
There's an electrical outlet here that works. It's a good to know.
This place is a DISASTER! Keep walking up Bway, there's a better 'bucks thataway.
This Starbucks sucks, where's the management? There nice, but there's no reason to wait 10 minutes when there's four employees and I'm the only one in line.
Great coffee!
Took almost 10 minutes for them to make my drink ugh.
Don't worry, they'll get to you when they finish their conversation.......I think
My lovely Dominic will be the shift supervisor here soon. :D
Perpetual line to use bathroom with a wet floor!
I have to agree about the slow service yet nice employees. Tables are usually free before noon.
Staff doesn't know how to apply club mango number to order; so you can't earn loyalty reward points here.
White peach group with heaps of fresh ripe mango, mango boba and blueberries! Mmm!
Try the Original, Chocolate And Promagranate Froyo - With kiwi, mango, Mochi and mango babo. Yummmm and perfect for the weather today (via @Foodspotting)
Coffee Chiller for $1 every day this week, beginning 7/23/2012. Delicious and regularly $4.95.
Would love to visit.
Try the white peach!!
Best froyo on planet earth. Period. Also, this is one of the few locations in manhattan where you pay for the cup by weight - toppings as you like. Winning!
Get the baba toppings. Literally pop in you mouth
Making it yourself is at least half the fun.  And be ready for froyo that is much less sweet than anybody else's.  Red Mango is considerably more tart than PinkBerry, for example.
Cashier looked confused. But the coconut yogurt was delish. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for a sample cup to try different flavors out.
Do not consume the toppings near the scale! The cashier brushes the remains back into the containers!!
Perfect mid-afternoon snack for a day of exploring.
Leave that Pinkberry BS alone! Red Mango is fresher, cheaper, and less crowded than any
Nice buffet
Poor customer service. Yet what can you expect?
Get a club card for savings
The frozen yoghurt with fruits is just awesome.try out the madagascar vanilla with assorted fruits.
Definitely try the blueberry froyo, it's super good!
white peach is the greatest froyo flavor ever. maybe because it's the greatest fruit ever?
Try the Summer Melon. Absolutely delicious.
Skip lunch and get a parfait
Grab a smoothie, especially the tropical mango smoothie. Perfect for summer!
The servers here are always really confused for some reason, besides that it's okay.
All but 3 toppings are Kosher:  boba, marshmallow, and mochi.
Wow love this place! Yogurt and toppings are self serve so you can as much as you want!
Eggs Benedict lacked most the hollandaise sauce but other than that - not too shabby.
Fig mojito is amazing. Trust me. Try it. A+
Nice terrace but waiter are not nice. Make a face when you don't order alcohol and won't give you the wifi password.
Way too pricy for the quality of food.
Although the service was ok, I wasn't a huge fan of their food. Small servings & lacked flavor.
A drink that looks as good in your hand as it tastes. Try a BULLDOG Martini.
Also, it's 25 bucks minimum on card...ew.
Don't get the sangria!
Check in and get a $20 discount. Wow. Nice surprise
Be careful with the 2for1. You're not allowed to share the special (i.e. you can't get a drink &your friend gets the free one). They didn't tell us &we found out when we got the check.
The oxtail is legit. Get it!
Just got 50% off with scoutmob via four square!!
Mojitos are amazing! Tried the lychee...can't wait to try others. $10!!
50% off with scout mob!
Cuban Pork Sandwich, empanadas and mojitos---ahh man I wanna go back and get some! <3
First place in US that takes it easy. A more European pacibg of the courses. Espresso was top notch! *like*
Shit service.
Amazing mojitos
Nice happy hour specials and staff
The pesto sauce is amazing!
'lobster ceviche' the breath taking!!!
most amazing pasta i've ever tasted!
Get ropa vieja!!!
Great atmosphere, great waitress, but the cuban food and drinks were an epic fail.  And yes I had a mojito too.  Maybe the italian food is better?
Great buy one get one happy hour. Peach mojitos are awesome. They say happy hour prices are only at the bar. But if you're nice theyll let you sit outside instead and still do happy hour.
Never come here. Ever. The end.
Noisy, very noisy.
Went for brunch. Eggs overdone, calamari unseasoned. Mojitos may be good, but at $10 a pop, I wouldn't know. The waiter was kind of out of it. Not coming back, there's much better all around.
Went for brunch. Eggs overdone, calamari unseasoned. Mojitos may be good, but at $10 a pop, I wouldn't know. The waiter was kind of out of it. Not coming back, there's much better all around.
Weihenstephan draft! Since 1040!!! Love it!
I feel like im at my grandmothers antique house or something. Beautiful!!!!
Not the friendliest of establishments ...
Adore this place. The scones, tea selection and cucumber sandwiches are to die for. Elsabeth is super sweet and makes you feel really at home. Come on a Sunday afternoon with a good book.
Got kicked out at 7:15 despite having a 7pm-10pm reservation because we didn't order enough.
scones, chai, jam, clotted cream, cookies, cheese biscuits, cardamom cake and just about everything!
cashorder EVERYTHING
Two words: cardamom cake. Soooo delicious, although she doesn't make it all the time.
So cute, the scones with clotted cream are excellent!
Try the cheddar biscuits!  They are so savory and delicious!
NY (Eat) There is no other place that will make you feel like you are in your grandmother’s living room enjoying a fresh cup of tea than this place!
This place smells of baked awesome. Don't miss the chocolate chip cookies, or anything else.
Order a pot of tea (or chocolate) and bring back memories of when you used to play tea-time as a kid. Don't tip them though -- they're superstitious.
#%*7 amazing pistachio cookie this mornin'....
No soy milk here. :(
Small space, great coffee. Not the place to meet a friend or do work. However it is the place to get a perfectly dialed in espresso.
Cortado + cured olive cookie = perfect combination of flavors.
Get a slice of the olive oil cake. Not too sweet, super moist and just divine.
Standing room only. Don't leave without their olive oil cake (which runs out early)
Moist and prone to minor crumbling, the olive oil cake ($3) harbors a simple and unassertive flavor, like a more flavorful angel cake
The best coffee I've had in the city. A number of my friends (and I) are now addicts!
Try the cappuccino! Great!
In this cramped space, baristas turn out some of the city’s best cappuccinos and drip coffee...try this in the morning, just before work.
Feels like East Vill version of Montauk's Ditch Witch.
everything is amazing
Best coffee in NYC! The olive oil cake is a must try as well.
Perfect cortado. Great quick lunch -trios of small plates. Plush ricotta fritters and shortbread flavored with cured olive oil are the most distinctive of the creative house-baked goods.
Their cold brew iced coffee is the strongest I've ever had, but as a cold brew not bitter at all.
Totally lives up to the hype. Delicious. Oh, and don't ask for skim milk, they don't have it.
Best espresso in the city. Not bitter at all!
Olive oil cake is totally overrated. It's just pound cake!!!
Jamie is the best!
Some of my favorite coffee in the city. The Black Olive Shortbread and Olive Oil Cake keep me coming back.
Walk-up stand.
PLEASE stop the closing at 4 insanity! I'm going I need medical attention for withdrawal pretty soon.
A simple, well made espresso served by hippies with a slightly greater grasp on reality than most. An EVil must!
Once again another great latte abraco being a small being a small coffee shop can suprize you with their latte and cappuccino great coffee !
The new girl is hot. Finally not a sausage fest behind the counter anymore.
Incredible ice coffee that really stands out from other places, but add the sugar yourself if you don't like it too sweet.
Best way to know what the weather is in NYC - go to Abraco, get a coffee/latte/cortado.  If Coltrane is playing, it's rainy outside.
Try the espresso
Best coffee in the East Village. Willing to fight over this.
Get the olive oil cake!
Don't sit at the bar on a busy Saturday night. Hands flying from behind you in ask directions. Otherwise, the bartender was a sweet guy. Did his job well too!
if burrata is on the specials, get it. can't go wrong with gnocchi and some of the best casual, yet professional service of any restaurant in NYC
Save room for the giant nutella calzone and embrace the sugar high!
Vanilla cinnamon gelato is bomb... Garden area is beautiful - great place to host a party!
You can't beat the decor here, they put in the extra effort to make your experience just right here. Good stuff! Go when the back patio is open!
Nice garden and brunch special.  Very friendly staff
If they have the burrata, you must eat it.
The tartufata pizza with fresh mozz, truffle sauce, mushrooms and treck is the go to pizza to try
Please please please put on the a/c when it's hot out. Not OK. Tell the owner stat
As a paying customer I would like to use my debit card, Gnocco only accepts Amex...hmmm annoying except for owner, customer service please!  Pizza is BEST!
Pizza here was really good and service very nice and quick even in a busy Friday night.
New chef--best cake I have ever eaten.  Sit with Frederico by fire put for just a pizza--heaven.
Sit in the back garden during the summer. Order the Gnocci & Nutella Calzone for dessert.
Affogato is yummy, as is prosciutto and arugola pizza
Fantastic gnocci
Bellini or mimosa with brunch!
Best pizza in NYC
In addition to some fantastic pastas (Maccheroni al Torchio and Gnocchi al Pomodoro among others) and exceptional pizza, Gnocco serves delectable appetizers. I went with the eponymous Gnocco-$12.45..
In addition to some fantastic pastas (Maccheroni al Torchio and Gnocchi al Pomodoro among others) and exceptional pizza, Gnocco serves delectable appetizers. I went with the eponymous Gnocco-$12.45..
too crowded..their pizza could have been better lol
Neat place. CASH OR AMEX ONLY.
Watch out for the pets, the like the food too.
Watch out for the pets, the like the food too.
Gnocco appetizer is a delicious and unique option.
Fantastic! Some of the best Italian that you will find in new york. Their garden area is nice- order anything with Mozzarella. So fresh!
The homemade gnocco and charcuterie platters are phenomenal.
Sit in the back garden and order a bunch of pizzas. They are all amazing and better than anything else on the menu.
some of the best burrata mozz i ever had
The Macaroni is as delicious as the Pizza, but it's kind of heavy to eating at night..
Burrata mozzarella to start, Tartufata Pizza... Unbelievable!
Great dumplings and friendly service. A solid lunch option in the FiDi wasteland.
Veer left when you leave 88 Pine Street and walk 25 feet.  A-Pou's taste serves up tasty and quick Dumplings and "chinese noodles".  $6 for 6 dumplings and noodles.
Very nice staff! Good food for cheap
$1 slices, very good!!!
Great dollar slices. Full review on the iPhone app, Cheazza.
Best dollar slice in the city!
Best 99 cent slice in the city. Do yourself a favor and come here instead of 2 Bros on st marks
Also the people who work here are incredibly nice and go out of their way to get to know you... Definitely come here for a great pizza experience
Omg $1 pizza and it's actualy delicious... You MUST eat here
Drink the hot sauce. Trust me on this one.
One dollar slices!
Great sushi at Vine on Broadway
the bushwhacker drinks were great... the food was tasty and service was prompt.. you're going to want to go with someone else to have dinner though cos it's packed with folks eating and enjoying.
Nothing good about the backache I leave with everyday. :(
Drunk man noodles with beef - delicious! Also try the basil whole fish - watch out for bones!
Cheap beers but the food was not that great...
$1.50 beer and $4 Mojitos, plus noodles!? HELLO???!!
Very cool and authentic restaurant! Order online at foodtoeat.com!
Curry puffs!!
$1.50 for Chang beer. Can't complain about that
$1.50 Chang. $1.50 Sake.
Love this place. $1 beer and red or white wine. All of their curry's are fantastic and $1 sake has been added :) enjoy!
As everyone else has said, the food is reasonably good and averagely priced but the $1 Chang Thai Beer is the real draw.
Super sweet joint. $1 beers and solid--reasonably priced--Thai food. This place is my wheelhouse.
Great traditional thai food and dollar beers with food purchase
$1 beer. for serious.
Great food at a great price. With $1 beers it is great! sit in the back as the front gets very crowded.
Try the $1 beer - it's a real deal.
You have to make it to dessert. HAVE TO. Then have the Butterscotch Bonet or the Black & White. You cannot go wrong. SOOOOOO GOOD!!!
$9 culatello appetizer. The heart of the prosciutto, layered with a divine olive oil. Amazing.
Terrible service but I love the olive oil gelato.
Cacio y Pepe pizza is really tasty. Vongole pizza includes the shells but is very good
One of Mario Batali's greatest gifts to the city! Amazingly delicious italian tapas & pizza at reasonable prices. The veggies are SO good they have to be bad. Save room, the gelato is the best!
Subway Coupons--Soccer Mom teaches you to get Subway Coupon Printable at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Don't skip the cacio e pepe pizza. Every time I skip it, I regret it, but not so much that I can't enjoy whatever deliciousness I ordered!
http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2012/11/sugar-rush-caramel-panna-cotta-at-otto.html
Must have Olive Oil Gelato by amazing chef Mario Batali
Try the Guinness Stout Tartufo - Peanut crema, coffee bourbon sauce, chocolate crumble (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Brioche Ice Cream Sandwich - Sweet brioche with Nutella and caramel gelato (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fusilli with Sausage and Escarole (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spaghetti alla Carbonara - Pancetta, scallions, black pepper, egg (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing pizza... remember three bite rule!
Brioche with Nutella.  Must buy dessert!!!
Get a bunch of thin crust pizzas to share and try them all.
Black & white gelato sundae is absolutely amazing. The perfect balance of crunchy, sweet and caramely.
Food is ok, dessert was amaaaaazing! Aka olive oil gelato on brioche bun!
The Caprese salad was amazing! Lots of great choices for vegetarians. The gelato was the best part!
Olive oil gelato. Do it.
the wait can be inexorable but the wine and cheese list are ace
Baby Spinach salad with honey truffle dressing. Yum.
A perfect place for a birthday party of ten.
Some of the best food and best wine in NYC at a fantastic reasonable price, the prosciutto pizza is to die for...
好好吃 價錢非常可以接受 viva la vida! 但gelato八塊是怎麼回事
Often has Foursquare specials! Check and see before ordering :)
Fancy pizza by Mario Batali! Excellent wine list as well. Does not disappoint!
Try: Fried Egg Pizza
Order the Italian food.
Interesting place. Not used to seeing $800 bottles of wine in a pizzeria. Pizza was good, but give me pizza from Whitestone or Flushing anytime!
It's so good I thought about leaving an actual tip
They are owned by a Christian company that gives money to pray the gay away and abusive rehabs. Supporting them supports child abuse
New York City's only LGBT-hating fast food establishment.  Why not avoid the fried chicken, and puke in your mouth instead?
Whar are YOU doing here?!!  You know...this corp. Promotes homophobia!
If you ask for sauce they will peer pressure you into getting two of each one.
One of NYC's greatest fried chicken mysteries. On our inaugural visit we encountered zero NYU security and secured some of our favorite fast food fried chicken.
don't take a picture to document the trip, campus cops freak the fuck out
No milkshakes here like they have them in the South, so don't come here if you're craving one.
closed for the summer as of may 17, 2011. eat less chikin :(
Check out NYC's only Chick-fil-A. It's inside a dorm but open to the public. Go straight in until you hit the food court, then turn right. If you reach the kosher area you've gone too far!
Do not eat there, they donate to anti-LGBT organizations.
Closed on NYU holidays and breaks. Also closed on Sundays (duh) and they close at 3pm on Fridays.
Half of a Chargrilled and Fruit Salad with half a packet of Fat-Free Honey Mustard Dressing. While not a huge lunch, it gives you plenty of protein & fiber for just 140 calories and 430 mg of sodium.
Don't eat here! They do not support LGBT rights!
Call before you come. It's closed on all kinds of random days and all summer.
NYC's best kept fast food secret. Nuggets + Waffle fries = Win!
The only chick-fil-a in NYC. No need for an NYU ID, just walk in.
Will I live to see a Chick-Fil-A open for business on a Sunday?
This use to be my secret lunch spot... The student rush starts around noon- sneak in accordingly.
Dip the waffle fries in Chick-fil-a sauce
It's worth sneaking past NYU's campus security for a taste of the chicken sandwich, one of our 101 Best Sandwiches in NY.
what, closed? is there another?
GO HERE
It's inside the NYU building but anybody can go inside.
No longer serves food for walk in customers. This has become catering only.
No longer serves customers. Only corporate catering
The service is normal for a busy establishment, not slow
Slow service during breakfast
This place became pick a bagel and it stinks.
Not a bad place in the neighborhood for a quiet coffee chat with table service.
It was never great, but this SUCKS. 1 waitress who can't speak English & menu's been trimmed to nothing. Last visit ever.
Fantastic French toast!
Bagel time
The bagels and coffee are worth it.
Shitty service and attitude. They burnt my bagel and the eggs were non existent. They had nerve to charge over $4 for an egg and cheese on a bagel. Never again.
Great, but consistently screw up takeout orders. Always one thing wrong!
Workers are totally rude!! Its also expensive place.
A great place for a Battery Park snack, be sure to grab bagels and lox!
Skip the 'diner' - go straight for the bagels!
Spicy Mary cream cheese to die for
Get the chocolate croissant, best ever. Chocolate is plentiful and creamy while croissant is buttery and flaky. $2.50 each but so worth it.
Great ham, egg & cheese bagel
Way overpriced. Bad service by dumb staff. Go elsewhere
Grab a fresh bagel and coffee and start your morning off right here. Or enjoy any other choices from their vast menu.
Go for the BELT here - a regular BLT sandwich with the vowel-centric addition of a fried egg.
Oh noes, they got rid of the spicy mary cream cheese spread foreverrr :(
Great breakfast, standouts are challah French toase and corned beef hash
Surprisingly good diner that serves up a stellar tuna melt. Service ranges from great to stoner apathy.
The owners here are the same owners as pick-a-bagel. Get the dizzy izzy, its delicious.
Free wifi and a great breakfast!!
waitress is hot
Ten bucks for a bagel with chopped liver? Never again.
Chipotle Cheddar cream cheese is my new favorite
Owner is a dick.. Charges $12 for turkey & american cheese on a bagel and tells me "he's gotta pay rent".. Well, I will not be supporting this place again.. Go to Pick-a-Bagel instead.. 50% cheaper!
Get corned beef or pastrami at this mellow deli... the only sandwich that rivals Katz. Both are shockingly good given the random location of I&N
The smoke salmon and bagel platter for two is huge!
Food is very tasty but service is very slow.
Challah French toast is good.
As you ponder life in the bathroom, let the stickers and graffiti surround you, inspiring you to spark revolutions you didn't even think would ever happen, to change the world beginning with yourself.
Great Think Coffee location to get some work done if you can grab a seat at one of the banquettes. Oh, and the coffee is pretty good too.
Get the grilled cheese with cheddar and pesto. It is soooo good!
For all the talk about single origin they burn the coffee and it burns the mouth. Good craft beer though.
Their coffee is so offensive.
The coffee is meh and overpriced but they have really good bagels
For a coffee shop geared for the late-night / weekend college crowd, the almond croissant is quite good.
Best yogurt and granola and fresh squeezed orange juice ever but runs out too quickly in the morning!
I know people come here for the coffee but you gotta try the grilled cheese. It's outta control
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Free wifi (SoHo)
Free wifi (Greenwich)
Worse chai tea latte i've ever had; it was way to watered down
An NYU mainstay, where Foursquare was conceived, this Greenwich Village shop is Think's original branch. We appreciate the many seating areas, wifi, plugs, food & rotating pourover offerings.
stay away from the iced coffee!
Noisy and crowded as heck, but the wifi is good and there's decent food and drink to keep you energized.
part of the Foursquare prototype was built here, so you know it's a productive place! spanish latte to caffeinate, turkey + brie on fennel bread to eat and lagunitas IPA once you're finished. do it
spanish latte = swoon. hard.
For those who can't find a seat at starbucks, or for those who simply hate starbucks, this is a densely-populated-by-NYU-students-spot for studying.
Try the Condensed Milk With Vanilla Syrup - #sweet #rollintiger (via @Foodspotting)
Sometimes you might catch some live music!
Free wifi, lots of space but often occupied by students. Good soundtrack.
most highly caffeinated iced coffee in ny...you're welcome
In the back, two single room unisex bathrooms.
Get a cappuccino and enjoy Coolio, crash test dummies, and the rest of the 90s music.
This place is huge. Great cold brewed ice coffee.
Love the food menu (grilled cheese) and their iced soy latte is the best!!
Visited during my trip to NYC, but didn't know that the foursquare prototype was create here. Kudos!
If you use a credit card, write "zero" in the tip field.
You'll spend half of your time there in this line.
Open on Christmas Day!!
My favorite Starbucks in Manhattan,NYC
Love chai!
Большая черная дженщина забыла взять карту and I'm dtinkin' free doppio espresso
I think this may be the slowest Starbucks I've ever been to.
Nur eine einzige Toilette für alle. :-(
They tend to get your orders confused
only one restroom for the entire store... be ready to wait
Too many tourists!
Always filled with European tourists. Service isn't great but they're overburdened.
Don't take pictures here! You will get in trouble!
Not enough chairs!!!!!
Slowest Starbucks around the area.  Don't come here unless you have lots of time to kill.
Fight for chairs at this busy touristy location
Ugliest most depressing Starbucks I've seen. Expect to wait 10 minutes to use the dirty, creepy bathroom.
If you're dying for the loo go somewhere else. This place is a nightmare!
Expensive but tasty
Avoid...extremely dirty
Sempre ótimo!
Long lines here after 3pm-ish.
Upload photos via our website peopleofstarbux.com or for mobile uploads email it - photos@peopleofstarbux.com.  Find us on FB and Twitter - @PeopleofStarbux.
Free wifi service....
The restroom is clean. The staff is okay. Just because they're busy with tourism does not mean they're lazy.
worst ever!
Worst service. I mean its a black iced tea. It's not like you are brewing it. Every time I come to this location somehow it gets worse. Employees are slow and motivated... do something @Starbucks!
Nicest staff ever! Half price fraps 3-5 til the 15th
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
Don't think about using the bathroom!  Gross!
Service sucks. Worst starbucks ever
Be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes for your drink and don't expect an apology. Probably the most rude Starbucks staff I've encountered.
Can't beat a $1.50 for a bottle of pop and $1 for a bag of chips!
Watch out...a lot of really tough squash-playing riff-raff from Ossining hangs out here in the morning.
The service here is awful - be vigilant with your order and make sure you don't overpay!
Went here today. A rat walked across my feet while I was eating. Do yourself a favor and just don't.
Open really really really late, better than pizza for drunk food.
San Loco happy hour is every day, Monday – Friday, all day. Tacos are cheap, tasty and the food is served late, which is perfect after your happy hour isn’t so happy and you’re craving food like woah.
Queso loco tacos, further proof Jesus is Mexican.
Guaga loco tacos! Yum yum!
Pretend you're a student, get two tacos and a drink for $3 bucks.
Wellness centers should have plates of the Macho Nachos on hand. 'Nacho therapy sessions'
Great lunch & company...xoxo
Guapo Loco all day
They raised prices :-(
Can't go wrong with $6 flavored frozen margaritas
Fish tacos + Dos Equis. The end.
You MUST get the chipotle chicken guaco loco. Goes best with a Corona.
Great late night dirty Mexican.  Try cheap as dirt ball park nachos.  Gaga used to come here often, according to a RS interview.
Guaco loco or bust!
guaco loco is the best!
favorite: queso loco chicken chipotle tacos!
FYI they add rice to the vegetarian nachos.
The goal miners eat here.
They just got a credit card processing machine actually.
Strawberry Margaritas
$3 student special!! $2.50 shots of cuervo!!
Cheap drinks & food yum!
Queso loco
the catfish quaco locos are amazing. and the best part is that they got an a health grade!!
Do you really need a tip to tell you to have a tecate?!?
During an RS cover story interview, Lady Gaga and her friend Perez Hilton reminisced about drunken late-night snack runs at this mini-chain of Mexican spots.
big bean guaco loco fan since 1992
If you're On The Job they usually Do The Right Thing... Depends on who's at the counter, but if you're in uniform it usually works (EMS/PD/FD)
Queso Loco. Make that 2.
Get the mac and cheese
Get the $6 1/4 chicken deal. OMG so good!
Oysters, fried calamari and service rock!
$1 oysters + $6 sparkling wine #FTW
Best Calamari I've ever had, it's not fried so do yourself a favor and order it!
One of my favorite places to get oysters. They always have about 12 different types and they mix it up pretty regularly (usually half East cost and half West coast). Dirty cheap during happy hour.
However if you want yellowfin crudo, you are better off going to Raymi on 24th
If you like dirty martinis, you might check out the hot and dirty. It's got quite the zing
for their happy hour menu
ask the bartender about the history of the place and the haunted hallway!
Not a clean place at all.
Happy hour 1$ east coast oysters 5:30 to 7pm! Best quality 1$ oysters in NYC by far!!! Most in 1 session so far is 5 doz..
The daily selection of up to 16 kinds of fresh oysters goes for around $2.50 each – though there’s a “happy hour and a half” each day from 5:30 to 7pm when East Coast oysters go for just $1 a pop.
Sparkling rosé not to miss if you are a rosé fan
From 5:30-7 every day, enjoy $1 oysters in the entire restaurant as well as $7 cocktails, $6 glasses of wine, $5 beers and a kickin' snack menu.
the happy hour and a half, with $1 oysters and $7 cocktails, is one of my favorite in new york. (try the oyster shooters!)
Can't go wrong with $1 oysters
Happy Hour & A Half from 5-7pm for $1 East Coast oysters & $1.75 West Coast Oysters. They know what the shuck they're doing.
Definitely use the four square check in here. It is an awesome place!
Happy Hour & a Half: 5:30-7pm, every day - $1 East Coast/$1.75 West Coast oysters, plus discounts on drinks and appetizers.
We let after spotting a huge roach under our table, never again, reporting at nyc.gov
see above for all the same eats
Tonight's the night for a BULLDOG on the rocks. Go on, be bold. Hold the mixers, take the ice.
After fpur years, this is still the Best oyster happy hour on my list!
Happy hour 5-7pm every day is awesome. $1 oysters, $7 cocktails, and more.
Yeah, you come for the oysters. But the lobster knuckle and Brussels sprouts worth coming back too!
Oysters and shistito peppers. Divine!
Add an order of the Shishito Peppers. Completes every dish!
Oyster Happy Hour (5- 7:30) is only one amazing thing about this place.
Amazing Lobster Sandwich. Loved the Mad Hatter cocktail too. Outstanding service as well!
The lobster sandwich is amazing.
Try the lobster roll - Great texture, very #fresh with a bit of #spice  (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent place to get a good & CHEAP sandwich in FiDi.
Beef bibimbap so delicious!!!
Have a buffet lunch or dinner (by the pound) 24-hours a day
Best lamb gyros in the world!!!! Omg!
BLT with avocado. They do it right.
Excellent lunch value. Sandwich and bev under 8 bucks
the guy working the breakfast grill is both funny and obnoxious at the same time.
great breakfast prices!
Carefull coming to to eat here, the food is great but they have been doing work on the street in front of the building (worth the walk there though)
The buffet is $3.99/lb after 6pm
Great coffee!
This is the worst place in the world. Bad food, over shelf life products. Avoid it like the PLAGUE
Ice coffee half and half is a thumbs up
The vitello alla parmigiana is great and they have a REAL ITALIAN EXPRESSO here.
Want really good Italian Food? The REAL DEAL? This is it, Villa Mosconi, a undiscovered Gem for many. Check it out.
Excellent food, very friendly waiting staff... Make you feel right at home...
Greatest food and service in all of the City. If you want Italian, this is the place.
Good ol' fashioned home cooking here, fresh, homemade Italian with very attentive service.  We recommend the gnocchi al pesto or the classic spaghetti and meatballs.
Paglia e fieno
Try the stuffed artichokes. Delicious!
You must get the boiled crab cake- it is absolutely phenomenal!
homemade spinach ravioli. silken packets of friggin amazingness
Great place/service - staff makes you feel very welcome. Delicious Italian food - great wines, love all their veal dishes.
Delicious veal Marsala. The tiramisu is so creamy and perfect, no dry cookies in here!
Order off the specials menu.  The lasagna and veal rollatini are key!!
Amazing, friendly service. Straight out of the Sopranos. Rolatini di pollo - A secret, but fantastic
A must! Northern Italian is the house specialty. Grandma still greets guests as they enter. You will *LOVE* it!
Good "traditional" food.  Thought I might witness a mob hit but Vito Corleone never showed.
Keg 229 is closed until 3/2013 to 5/2013 b/c of Hurricane Sandy sustained damage.
If you're not here for beer, try the creamsicle cocktail!
The Huevos Rancheros were good but the Guacamole on top was amazing - limey and well seasoned. The mimosa was also proper and better than the bloody.
Around the Seaport on 7/14? Village Voice'll be rocking out @ 2012 4Knots Music Fest, ft. Archers of Loaf, The Drums & more! goo.gl/x1Ak3
Chicken tenders are awesome.
The house salad is amazing!
Do yourself a favor: crab cake egg Benedict
Fantastic watering hole!
Cute idea. Horrible layout.
Great music (80's tonight). Great micro brews. Cool bartender. Loved the atmosphere.
Romantic lighting in the WC, bring a flashlight
They have imperial pumking ale, enough said
People say it's loud but it's a bar so what do you expect? If you're looking for quiet go to the library
Chicken pot pie!!!!! Order it so you don't chicken pot die. Amazing piece of comfort goodness!
Very loud, the food is great but a tough dinner spot because of the noise.
This craft beer spot near South Street Seaport lets you pour your own beer from a metered tap system if you come with a group. A solid craft bottle selection adds variety to decent craft tap list.
42cents an oz ! Awesome! Pour your own beer!!
The watering hole is the first in the city to offer patrons their own pair of self-service taps; just request the beer of your choice, and the bartender will hook you up. (Order the sloppy joe, too.)
In response to Monica's review, if you plan on coming to use the table taps call ahead and reserve one. Even if you don't get the one you want you can still order from the bar. So, not limited.
If crowded, where you sit can potentially limit your beer choice. I find this to be a questionable way to run a bar.
Fried pops sampler platter is outrageous.
Flying dog doggie style is legit-add some Mac n cheese balls...you'll thank me later
Get a pretzel and a beer, you will not be disappointed!
Ridiculous wings. Also try the Tröegs Nugget Nectar while it's still around.
Go for the sandwiches not the BLT salad. Beers are great according to husband.
The kitchen puts out good food, but the place is understaffed and the service is poor as a result.
Very poor service. Food was fresh but over seasoned. Next!
The chefs best looks GOOD
Very tasty, but slow service from the kitchen. Will give them another chance.
The lobster Mac and cheese is really good
What a great Happy Hour half off beer , wine, and cocktails also a 3.95 burger and fries 4-7
LiveIntent launch after party! Towe is here.  Where is Earp?
Delicious. Get the one with cheese and bacon. Mmmm!
The chefs best is incredible if your a cheese fan like me
Horrible service and the food was cold. Go to Flex instead.
Don't bother. Some of my clams were raw. Pot wasn't steaming hot. Go to Flex Mussels
Music sucks. It is way too loud. Like club loud. I can't eat while my ears are bleeding... And oh yeah, the mussels aren't that good.
The Chef's Best is the bacon cheeseburger of mussels.
I don't even like mussels
They never heard of ice cubes in here 'cause I can't seem to find one in my lukewarm water.
Tucked down near Bleeker Street; this unassuming place offers up delicious mussels with unique flavors and combinations.
The mussels here are incredible and the atmosphere is great. Try the New Yorker, and don't forget to sign up for LocalBonus and earn points toward delicious entrees!
Horrible service as well.
A miserable disaster. Save yourself and go to Flex Mussels, Flea Market Cafe (my fave) or Essex Restaurant.
The Mussel Pot174 Bleecker St (Btwn Sullivan St & McDougal St), New York, NY 10012(212) 260-2700   @themusselpot   themusselpot.com
Mussel pots were cream based and very heavy.  Lobster Dijon mussel pot doesn't taste a bit like lobster. Valencia wasn't bad. OK dinner, but not great. I don't plan on going back. Sit outside!
They changed happy hour time to 4-6PM and won't honor four square special
Love this place:)
Terrible food, terrible service, terrible management.
...spring for the $8 Red Velvet Cake, its worth it.
Worst dinner in the city. DO NOT EAT HERE
Don't come here. mice in the restaurant and they lie on the ingredients in their mussel pots. [Finger snap]
Lobster mac n cheese is awesome
Great variety mussels. Staff could be friendlier though :/
Get the lobster Mac and cheese. Its to die for.
The owner Abigail was incredible... Looking forward to dining in the dark!  All around great dining experience!
Complete disaster. Services was beyond slow and portions were microscopic. We walked out after they brought our "entrees" as the quality of the food was as bad as everything else.
Have the prixe fixe
BRUNCH: Food was ok. Service was SLOW SLOW SLOW - out of eggs for brunch (lolwut?) & had a cooking class going on as we ate- they didn't seem to know what they were doing. then tacked 20% tip
Food is ok. But prepare to come out smelling of food.
Halloween Themed Restaurants: No trick these places are a treat! http://exm.nr/svkCg5
Menu musts: Smoked macaroni and cheese, Market fish, Smoked duck sandwich, Moroccan lamb tagine http://bit.ly/pVnaH6
Small and romantic spot offering a great prix-fixe lunch menu for $15 – dine on pesto and goat cheese crostini, a smokey hummus sandwich and a chocolate crepe.
Absolutely must try the Dark Dining Blind folded dinner.
The worst client experience EVER!!! Go here if you like being shouted at :)
Don't wait in the long salad line - there's is usually no queue for soups and sandwiches. Lentil soup very good.
$10 salad. No thank you! Plus Rude rude rude
Dont expect sweet words from the ladies at the till. They shout NEXT,  grab firmly your bag,...
The food and service were both very good. We were in on a Monday night, when the speakeasy is usually closed and they opened just for us! Go for the raw bar.
Great Happy Hour. Also try the bacon and blue cheese Mac & Cheese. Good Stuff.
The service is a bit lacking but the food is decent
Launching of the New Fall Menu at McCoy on Wednesday. come check it out, i know your going to enjoy it.
Good place for people watching and outdoor seating in the shade. Not really special though.
Check out the speakeasy downstairs...wonderful cocktails atmosphere 1930s style
Steve, the GM, is great and the drinks are strong!
Get the mac and cheese!
I agree Stef V!
Amazing food & gluten free pasta options. Great from a high end joint.  Service lately, though, is spotty.
Nice atmosphere. Small touches remind me of Italy.
Love the paparadelle!
Average!
Get the buffalo mozzarella and tomato pasta. Amazing
Best Milanese panini in the city!
go and check out the big new projector screen - great for watching the olympics or awards shows or even movies!
Alesandro at the bar treated me great!  Lovely spot
Try the chocolate haystack & maca cookie dough balls...all sweetened with coconut nectar!
10% off if you pay cash!
Ask for it well done...
This Japanese spot on St. Mark's Place satisfies with their popular phallic dish. Flocks of NYU students & adventurous eaters come here for 3 things: $8 pitchers, bull's penis, and free cotton candy.
try okonomiyaki great with sake :)
Skip the bull penis. It's not very flavorful.
Ive been coming here for years and stil its my favorite spot in manhattan
Do the $5 big shimada mugs of beer  and leave happy.
If there's two of you, use both portions of cotton candy sugar to make a decent sized one.
If you find a guy who gives you coupons you'll have sapporo draft beer for a dollar!!
Japanese Bar B Q.  The duck, squid, and chicken skins are the bomb and favorites among regulars.  Prices are great and a fun place to go on a date or with a group of friends after a night at the bars.
Their boiled tofu is great - with vinegar and some seaweed type topping . Also liked the salmon soup. Open till 4am and kitchen closes around 3am
The sugar at the end is for cotton candy at the front. Don't inhale it.
order it all. all of it!
The food was so good, I should have kept the menu as a souvenir.
For $8.50 you can try the fried frog - whole & all! Comes w/ a sweet sauce & tastes like chicken if you don't think 2 much abt it! The frog is skinless so its soft & tender. 4 stars for presentation!
$1.50 for a jug of beer plus authentic Japanese food. What could be better?
Enjoy checking out vintage JP porn posters while you play drinking games and chow down eating comfort food.
bull penis! testicles! need i say more?
If you don't eat, there is a 8 dollar per person minimum. A pitcher of Ichiban costs 8 dollars. The food doesn't. The menus have gross anime porn on them.
Get yourself a pitcher of beer for $5!
Go for a pitcher of Sapporo and the Russian roulette takoyaki.
Opens at 6, get there early if you don't want to wait.
Order the tuna bone - for $5, it's like the poor man's sashimi! (And there's a surprising amount of fish on those bones too!)
I recommend the Katsukare, one of the best I've had ever
If you're an adventurous eater, try the bull penis. If you're not, don't fret. The best part about this place? After your meal they give you a little cup of candy sugar to make your own cotton candy!
Enjoy a $5 dollar mug before it enjoys you.
The giant cardboard cutout has a vajay in the back!
Try employees meal once in a while:) . Sometimes comes out pretty good!
It's hard to go wrong with $8 pitchers, tons of cheap small plates, and make-your-own cotton candy for dessert.
If you're bored of waiting, DO NOT ever  have a staring contest with the tanuki. Its red glare will sear into your soul.
Get some cotton candy for $1 as you walk by!
Sopporo...drink it.
As long as Juan is behind the counter making your food you can't go wrong.
During the week, they do a great job with my favorite sandwich: hot pastrami, jalapenos, mozzarella and mayo on a toasted hero.
The Mas Manhattan is the perfect cocktail for a cold January evening. Hmmm!
One of the most exquisite chicken dishes I've ever had with black trumpet mouse, mushrooms, escargot and risotto. The ravioli and Brussels Sprouts were divine as well.
Get the Occidental tuna and mushroom ravioli. You won't be sorry!
Amazing food. Excellent service, multiple silverware change in a nearly dance-like choreography. Caters to allergies and changes menu items per taste.
Marvelously unusual menu. The tasting option is the only way to experience their fresh combinations.
Some of the best food I've had in the city
Tasting menu is good, but the portions are small.
Had Birthday Anniversary dinner and the tasting menu was sublime!! thanks Galen, Dain, Jason and Alfonso for an epic evening;)
Try the Hazelnut-Milk Chocolate Mousse with Cocoa Streusel Salted Caramel Ice Cream & Chocolate Ganache! It's amazing!
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Mas (farmhouse)
Particularly love the tuna & lobster salad appetizers, and the duck breast and any of the fish entrees are delicious. Get the mousse for dessert!
One of my favorite restaurants right now. Order a la carte; everything is flavorful & fresh, especially the seafood. Service is a 10/10 & ambience perfect for a nice, quiet but not stuffy dinner.
Stay away from the six-course tasting - fairly overpriced for what you get (food is still great). Go with the three-course or order a la carte and share.
They played Tribe Called Quest !
This was some amazing food. Get the lobster salad appetizer, the "fettuchini" and the hazelnut dessert. Such a great atmosphere as well.
Try the sakes tasting. the extra s is for savings.
The sushi here is amazing...
Don't worry about sticking to the menu. Tell them your dietary restrictions or preferences and they'll make you an awesome tasting menu.
Mas Farmhouse makes all the right moves. It's more than amazing cuisine, it's a not to be missed New York experience. Check out this video:
Get the chestnut soup. Delicious
Great service. Get either the 4 course or chefs tasting menu.
Amazing service and delicious food, great for a fancy date dinner
Delicious food and phenomenal staff. A true delight!
If you get Doritos  crumbs stuck in you beard, just use the water in the wine tub to clean yourself up.
Go for the Doritos, but stay for the atmosphere
Terrific French cuisine here.  Get the chef's 6 course tasting menu for $68 or if you'd like to splurge a bit more there is an 8 course tasting menu for $95.
Welcome this is a farmhouse.
Try the squash blossoms, yum!
I really want to like this place, but it's so frickin' stuffy!
In this intimate atmosphere of carefully considered details, romance luxuriates, especially in the private back room. To taste what’s in season that day, ask for the unlisted Chef’s Tasting Menu.
Tahini has been replaced by a pizza place.
Health Department closed it!
Try the $5 Falafel Chawarma with Soda.
Great value, ok hummus but bland falafel. Killed it for me.
Mamouns is right down the street, half the price and twice as good.
The best falafel in NYC. This gem is overshadowed by the overrated Mamouns. One falafel fills you up. Student discount brings the price to $3.88. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best falafel in NYC. -a falafel connoisseur
Shawarma small and expensive (for French standards). I didn't get any towels for a to-go order.
Chick plant salad, not on the menu, but order it
Cheap, healthy, and good.
Grape leaves amazinnnnn falafel pita amazinnnnn lemonade poppington....
Falafel sandwich (including drink) for $5. Count me in.
Get the falafel platter w eggplant. Heaven.
Get the Shwarma it's so legit!
Order falafel just on it's own. So cheap, so good, so filling.
Best hummus I've ever had.
The servers attempt to multi-task...which means they fail at getting you your food before it gets cold.
Thinking of ordering the platter? Don't. It's a total ruse. They take a shawarma, turn it upside down, empty it on a plate, add 4 TBS of rice and call it a day. Then you pay $5 more. Total Ballyhoo.
Delicious chicken shawarma w/ fries for under $10. Always friendly service.
Just had the Sabbich sandwich (eggplant and egg). Fulfillingly filling.
nom on some shawarma, in platter form. i like the room in back too, for quick hidden meetings
Mari is mayor this place gotta be good
Ask for the shawafel - combination of shawarma and falafel - not on the regular menu but delicious
I wasn't too impressed with their falafel, but they are super nice, and the baklava is pretty darn good!
This is one of my favorite places for lunch! The sabbich sandwich is amazing. Staff is very friendly.
Nice student discount, better quality than Mamouns...
Louisiana Fried Chicken, HI
Caramel Brulee Latte is the best. Their chai tea latte is also pretty good
Sooo many outlets. 10 along the front wall/window near entrance. Thank you baby Jesus.
I'm mayor after two check-ins? Seems odd..
Free wifi!
They don't have outdoor seating anymore and have no plans to bring it back. Also limited outlets.
Bring a jacket (even in the summer)
Come in for the free wifi, stay for the public restrooms.
Have patience if u want a seat
Choice of music is good nice and mellow never too  crowded, too loud or too quiet.....just the right amount of noise.
Use the bathroom!!!
Rudest baristas I've ever experienced!
Much shorter lines than the other nearby location, and better drink quality.
All outlets by the wall towards the bathroom do not work!
56k modem wifi? Jeez so slow!
Alex is the best!
Very friendly staff
Plug your laptop in as soon as you get here.....don't wait.
Nice decor but dirty bathroom!
toilet's out of order
One of the nicer Starbucks around with a large table for working and plenty of outlets.
Remote office nirvana. All single tables and AC outlets every 4 feet. #recharge #quadshot
No line here! One block away the line wraps around twice every morning!
Order off the menu (here or at any Starbucks) with a hot "vanilla creme" for yummy goodness w/o the caffiene.
I disagree with the person below. This location has remembered my order since day one and is always nice from the second I walk in.
The most consistently rude & ill-tempered group of Starbucks employees I've ever experienced. The only reason I keep coming back is location.
Outdoor seating.
iced is nice
They take 20 mins to make their chai. Seriously authentic.
Rice and naan are unlimited with the lunch special. Bring your appetite!
Best lunch specials in the 'hood. The staff is super nice (and generous!)
Were very accommodating for my allergies and the Chana Saag is fantastic!
Lunch special:$9.95 entry with bread and rice, veggie or non veggie option!
Great food.
Can't beat their non-vegetarian lunch special for $9.95! Entree w/ rice & nan.
Try ordering a little of everything to do a tasting, like family style. The Tikka Masala is especially good.
Channa masla very good. Nice date place.
Business lunch is a must
Soy milk is Kof-K kosher.
Granola and soy latte for the perfect morning.
Mocha!!!! Go for it!
Olive Oil Shortbread will blow your mind...so unexpected. Get it!
I love their drip coffee. Old fashioned but so nice! These guys know what they are doing. Their spot on the High Line is awesome.
Get toast upstairs!
Awesome latte
It's not on the menu, but they make a damn fine Americano for 3 bucks when you don't have time to wait for pour over.
4 beans for a small iced coffee is absurd but there's a reason i keep coming back and paying it.  new orleans iced coffee... it's good.
They do a fantastic affogato here
Best in Chelsea and the meatpacking
A fiasco on a hot summer day, but worth it. Go against the grain and try the Kyoto - darker iced coffee sans sugar/milk. Richer and bolder.
Cool down on a hot summer day with some New Orleans iced coffee.
Get a fantastic New Orleans iced coffee and enjoy it at the High Line! (High Line entrance at 14th St)
Филатыч сказал заценить хайтековые гаджеты и хипстастайл.
Ask for the "Gibraltar". It isn't on the menu. It's something between a cappuccino and a macchiato.
Listen to the previous tips. The New Orleans iced coffee is AH-MAZING.
Coffee with ceremony produces a clean, clear cup at the siphon bar in Blue Bottle's Chelsea branch. The slow tech recalls chem class. Light, floral flavors come to the fore in Rwandan siphon coffee.
Get the New Orleans iced coffee. It's > than the regular iced
New Orleans Ice Coffee. Do it.
Siphon bar with toast. Take your time.
Approaching from the south? Enter through the Milk Studios loading dock on 14th st. instead of walking all the way around the block.
While you're here, give the Mast brothers chocolate a go (if you've got 900 pennies lying around)
Try any of the single origin beans - you won't find a better sourcer
N'walins style iced coffee. thaaaaanks.
Three African blend has the perfect balance
Upon entering, walk around the right of the main coffee bar and up the stairs to see the crazy siphons in action
a vote for a republican is a vote to lose freedoms, limit women's rights, and cause war
I don't believe much in god, but if god made an iced coffee it would be the New Orleans from Blue Bottle. It's pretty much divine.
Try the New Orleans ice coffee - it's something a bit special...
All you can drink hot sake for $10?!?!?  How can you go wrong???
The Japanese-Italian meatballs with Jun's sister's secret sauce are amazing!!! We are definitely going to keep coming back for them. They are the best meatballs!!!!
Their shrimp shumai is the best I've ever had!
The spicy tuna roll is amazingly fresh and tasty. Two thumbs up!
Smells like cat pee.
Order anything with Spicy Tuna, theirs is the best in the city. Then ask for extra salad dressing to dunk it in.
If you go to coffee shops for the coffee, this is the spot.
Delicious espresso!
Staff is incredibly rude & obnoxious. Go to Think or Mud.
Don't go here. Staff are so rude.
Truly some of the city's best coffee.
Great service, specialty coffee, fun, ever-rotating espresso menu, cheery space, dreamy, creamy cortados, and fresh doughnuts from Dough. Winner of Best of NYC Critics' choice for Best Espresso Bar!
Everyone drinks lattes, cappuccinos and stuff! The ones who know will order the "Cortado"
Is it really that difficult to keep decaf beans on hand? If you keep running out, maybe you should, I don't know,  order more?
Etheopian on aeropress--yummy berries
Great artsy place but sadly no cold brew.
Great coffee but no wifi here sadly. Only 6 tables, so space is scarce!
One of the best cappuccinos in the area.
Hands down the best coffee in East Village
Your baristas will make dope coffee while rapping along to Kanye and Jay-Z. Enjoy.
iced skim latte with a couple drops of simple syrup. heaven!
Good espresso. When they haven't already shut the machine down.
The baristas are cuuute!
Excellent espresso.
Coffee made by coffee connoisseurs
Free wifi - password is their phone # 2125330524
They have electric outlets! The coffee/espresso barista corner is tiny! There's still seating space and tables, so it's a cute little coffeeshop that does it's job well in the lobby of a film theatre.
Great coffee, nice vibe, free wifi. They are in the lobby of a small theatre space, so there aren't enough tables and seats. That's the only negative.
Great coffee (get an aeropress or pour over cup) and killer cappuccino
Wifi password is their phone number: 2125330524
Go for the cappuccino with an extra shot. The macchiato is the best here. Mediocre coffee shop.
Great coffee, cool space, free wi-fi- a winning combo
Takes cards now and they make a good flat white!
One of the best in city. The people here love their jobs and it shows. Plus I love to support businesses that embrace tech - they use a square and ipad instead of cash register. Love it.
Counter Culture Coffee and baristas that actually know how to pull good shots of espresso.
download square card case - open a 'tab' and pay on your phone. #awesome
In Martin Scorsese's drama "Taxi Driver", Travis Bickle (Robert De Niro) talks to Iris (Jodie Foster) in the cafe in front this place.
They make AWESOME sandwiches here, AND they're one of the few places that actually carries the Arizona Black & White tea!!! #WIN
This place has an amazing selection of everything.. even organic friendly stuff! And has become my main source for a lot of everythings in my life.
It's not REAL Four Loko, it's FauxLoko
Don't go near there at 4am. Lol. Drunks over run the place. And they are slow as mud!
Get the cheeseburger special: cheeseburger with whatever you want on it, big order of fries, and a can of soda for only $5.
Ask for Danny Dini the next Broadway star! Superb service. Ask him to sing counter tenor for you!
Try the cheesecake! It's perfect.
BEST coffee in a coffee crazed town.
One of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've had in awhile
The burger is amazing. Good quality meet w kimchi and crispy bacon to balance the flavor. A Must try.
Expanded breakfast options on Sunday.
Grilled Cheese: Everything about this sandwich is well-balanced. The cheese to bread ratio is perfect. The sourdough soaks up the butter, preventing the grilled cheese from being overly greasy,
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to The Green Table. Follow our #SnailofApproval list here: https://foursquare.com/slowfoodnyc/list/snail-of-approval
Try the Chicken Pot Pie (via @Foodspotting)
The produce they use is impeccable.  I loved the lentils with sausage - very French, very delicious.
The deviled eggs are unique and surprisingly delicious.
The Green Table is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
The risotto is a small piece of heaven.
See that? That was the lasagna. It's gone because it rocked my world.
Scallops and bacon was great but risotto was bland. Extra points because they serve Mezcal.
The harvest salad is amazing and the burger is out of this world. Better than most of the Kobe burgers I have had.
I miss having a place like this in the neighborhood!  For all of you health nuts, pay a visit ASAP!
Try a GUS, Grown Up Soda!  The burger is awesome, the vegetable crudités are amazing.
Vegetable pizza is amazing
The burger. Omg the burger.
The grilled cheese is incredible. Amy's bread, peach chutney and gooey cheese!
Sit "outside" @ communal table great with kids and for people watching. Burger, soups, green harvest salad, deserts and French Press.
I really wanted to love the grilled cheese, I did. The bread was slightly burnt and too tough to enjoy. Hoping it was an isolated case as the other reviews say it's great..
Fish tacos FTW!
Have Amy make you a Bristol Palin.
Really nice place, really good plates! A bit expensive!
clean food good taste.
The chicken pot pie sports a fluffy puff-pastry top, and rich, creamy chicken stew underneath. If you loved Swanson chicken pot pies when you were a kid you'll adore the luxuriance of this rendition.
Try the Blue Corn Griddle Cakes over Fava and spot it on Foodspotting!
ikan ikan ikan
The grill cheese sandwich with apple chutney....really good
Burger is very good.
I am so happy I found this place, It's cozy, and has a very welcoming atmosphere. The staff was amazingly attentive, and very friendly and accomodating. And the food was delicious.
They add an undrinkable amount of ginger to their juices. Beware!
Jam packed package of energy.
Crêpes nutella e strawberry!! Orgasmica!!!!
order the shake called 'spanking'
Mean greens. Not only a juice but the state of mind of the staff. Yikes.
Sooooooooo expensive 13$ for a smoothies that takes me 3 minutes and 5$ to make at home every morning
Try the banana nut smoothie with strawberries added- it's a dream
banana nut shake is deliciously  creamy and filling
Mallowmars will make your tummy and your tastebuds thank you...and beg for more. Yeah, they're addictive, but they're good for you...at least that's what I tell myself!
I've had some good experiences here. But I just purchased the 'Mean Greens' and it's absolutely undrinkable.
And you gotta ask for the "spanking"
Ali Michael loves the salads and desserts available at this popular NYC eatery. Try Ali’s favorite salad: greens, arugula, avocado, and hijiki with argon lemon dressing.
Try their moon pie - you would NEVER believe it's raw and made sans sugar. Ice cream is good too! Also, favorite smoothie - the snowball with mango (it's not on the menu so you have to request it)
Want some energy?... Order the Goji High shake and add hemp protein.
Great lemonade and pumpkin salad!
Beet, Carrot, Apple, Lemon, Gingerlicious
Mango pudding, a must. Cesar salad, delish! Guac and chips, yum!
After 7pm a lot of the food and some of the pre-made juices are 50% off
Try the mallomars - I've dreamt about them the past week.
Delicious!
Just Brilliant
Amazing food and environment. The music is also very pleasant. I recommend it!
Nice place, but food was very mediocre.
nice terrasse which is rare in this area. excellent burger! nice service and also the back area was used as a scene in sex and the city!
Many ppl complaining about the service. I'd say 50 % of the staff (men) was a bit too efficient, but the lovely ladies saved our night. Try boeuf du tartare. You get to choose how spicy you want it.
Pasta carbonara
This place is amazing. The owner is old school Italian and knows how to run a good restaurant. I had the pasta carbonara and hazelnut mouse for dinner--both were out of this wold delicious.
Vegetable risotto was excellent! Yum yum
Food good. Service poor. With so many great restaurants within three blocks, don't waste your time here. Not only slow, but snooty too.  You shouldn't have to wait 10 minutes for the check.
Ummm amazing vibes, beautiful setting. And pinot noir-whats better. Thanks for the sweet deal too btw.
Terrible service. Management doesn't know how to run a business. Would NOT recommend to anyone
Garden at the back is great for summer.
Lattes as big as your head.
Had a pleasant brunch with a large party and a few small kids. Very accommodating staff. Food seems fine. Nothing spectacular. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ratatouille and mussels are very good!
Mussels in Provencial sauce and mixed seafood basket were good!
Mussels sans mixed seafood basket (forgot the name ) were good!
Food was okay, not great. Service was pretty bad.
This place desperately needs Tabatha to take over!
This place is amazing....the need tartar is a must along with the goat cheese salad.
The breakfast omellette and Cafe AU Lait are the best in the Village
Delicious food & excellent service (definitely on a wknight). Suggest the Foie Gras, Coq Au Vin, plus the burger which honestly tastes like it was cooked at home on a grille. Will be back for brunch.
David is usually at the front bar. He speaks French, English and Spanish fluently. He also is super funny!!! If you want to get on his good side call him a Cochonou.
On a chilly night try the delicious chicken stew. Yummm
Mediocre food, at best. The burger was over cooked and dry.
Provincial comfort food, great flavors and portions and decent price points. Fav French spot in the city.
Chocolate mousse is an awesome dark chocolate adventure that goes perfectly with the last glass of a delightful bottle of Malbec.
The bacon cheeseburger is pretty darn good, esp on a cold night! Cute in front, avoid the back area.
Great frites!
Stuffed Breast of Chicken is wicked amazing!  Waited 5 years to have it a second time & it tasted even better!!!
Jazz + unlimited mimosas. Perfect weekend brunch.
Sat at bar for 15 min and no one asked to take my drink order. I walked out
Impossible to have a conversation when the jazz band is playing. If youre looking for dinner amd conversation, dont come here when there is a band!!
Overpriced drinks ($15 for a disgusting Long Island and $9 for a Miller lite). Rude and snooty employees. Won't go back, even though the music was good.
Two alcoholic drink minimum to sit at a table.
The sesame encrusted Salmon is a must-have. We had a great waiter and enjoyed some excellent Jazz.
Love the jazz/ambience! Not a fan of the way they handle dairy allergies. Very careless. I had to send my 1st plate back b/c it had butter on it & then they did the same thing the 2nd time around! :(
West Village – $16.95 for any brunch item with only $6 more for unlimited cocktails.  Enjoy some live Jazz music as well
Vinho barato e boa musica_ perto do metro :)
is a famous restaurant  which provides more live jazz than anywhere in the World.
Love the live jazz band... Try out the sterloin.. Excellent!
Food is really good here and the live jazz makes it a fun place to go! Can turn into a boozy brunch if you want to. Better with smaller groups
Jazz brunch is nice but bloody Marys are intense, watch out!
Great vibe, but the beer on tap is very watered down. 2 different beers ordered, same bland watery taste!
Amazing atmosphere!!!  Love it!!!
Please delete that!!!was for Organika!!! Not for garage!!!
Listen up: their computer sum up the bills wrong!!!!! Always check your bill!!!they are dogdy!!!!they added over 10 dollars on 3 of 4 of our bills....thiefs
Brunch here is the best. Unlimited drinks and jazz!
This is the best Jazz Brunch in the Village. Sunday's are the best day to go. Come early and get a reservation!
Get the unlimited brunch for $6 a person!
Brunch here is great! Live music everyday, and great acts on the weekends
The waitress is
Chargrilled hamburger is a gooooood burger.
When jazz is playing you required to order entee in order get table, it would be ok if they would tell before give any drinks. that sucks.
Decent food, super expensive beer ($9?!?), but has a cool vibe so I dig it
Live music and big band entertainment! Nice place to relax with live music.
Ripoff. Overpriced beer. Double the price it should be. Don't bother. STAY AWAY
Unlimited mimosas!
6$ soda, and slow service.
They are too strict with this we open at 6:30 come on it's 6:28 DEAR GOD IN HEAVEN
Quick polite service
Make sure you're ready to order BEFORE you get near the front of the line and NEVER play on your phone. She runs a tight ship.
Lines are long in the morning but they move fast.
Try the turkey sausage egg white bkfast wrap.
Long lines and I ordered 3 times. This place needs to get their act together.
Try the donuts.
Dinner here is always different and always something special. Great for the parents since there's no reservation or waiting hassles!
Great dining experience!
Fantastic food in a non conventional dining experience. A foodie hidden treasure!
Try the Black Eyed Pea Risotto - @theangrychef from Atlanta's Allman Bros meal (via @Foodspotting)
the most racy bathroom experience in all of NYC dining
Savor every bite and stay tuned to citygritnyc.com for their upcoming events. Always a terrific experience!
Try the Dessert Plate (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Country Ham Croque Madame - Better than you could ever imagine! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cucumber Creme-Brulee - The perfect balance! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pimento Cheese & Pulled Pork Profiteroles - #awesome (via @Foodspotting)
They have a really kick-ass 1st time LevelUp discount. $7 off!
balsamic-macerated strawberries
Excellent crepes!
Do the key lime pie and the balsamic, strawberry, & cream. FYI, Kefir is an awesome source of probiotics.
There is free wifi! You get a password on your receipt.
Flawless service and cuisine every time!  A must.  Worth every penny!
Very friendly, enthusiastic and accommodating staff! Service was excellent and the food was amazing! Hearty pastas, great wines & complimentary digestifs after dinner! LOVE the ambiance too!
Vintage italian near the Hudson River but in my hood. Get anything on the menu, but go hungry.
Omg! Try the chicken, it melts in your mouth!!! And the pasta is so rich and has so much flavor. Best meal of my life!!!
Wow. Straight out of a Bronx Tale.  Love this spot.
Excellent meal and the friendliest/most charismatic waitstaff I have had in NYC. Complimentary apps to start and digestif at the end of the meal. Highly recommended!
Best specials and grapas at the end.  This is really a great italian full course meal !
This was one of the best dinners I have had all summer. Service, food and ambiance were amazing. You need to eat here.
Come for the (hilarious) dramatic reading of the specials, stay for the fantastic food.
Go Burratta Mozzarella, salmon medium rare w/arugula salad + wine per Michael's suggestion. On Tues try the risotto w/osso buco for next-level meat and pasta combo
Endless mimosa brunch is awesome!
Santa fe chicken Caesar salad is delicious.  They also have good sangria.
Blood orange margarita tastes like those flinstone pushups (weird)
Try the Pepper Seared Ahi Tuna - Girls dinner! With @hedy Kishel @andrea Tulcin @emily Wickey @jane Tsipenyuk  (via @Foodspotting)
The shepherds pie is not a pie! It's like extremely fancy Hamburger Helper in the best way possible.
You'll never regret the Sante Fe Shepherd's Pie.
The agave margarita is fantastic! Only flaw is it isn't that large of a portion.
Margaritas!!! Wow!!!
Had low expectations but steak and eggs were pretty damn good. Unlimited margarita's at brunch definitely helped! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Had low expectations but steak and eggs were pretty damn good. Unlimited margarita's definitely helped! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
12 botanicals from 8 countries. That's what you get with defiantly delicious BULLDOG Gin.
Try the Flank Steak Fajitas - Steak was very tender and extremely tasty.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Corn - This was so tasty and cooked just right.  (via @Foodspotting)
The CORN!!!!! So tasty!
Try the Blue Crab Quesadillas - #nom #delicious (via @Foodspotting)
The best drunk brunch in NY! They aren't stingy with their bottomless mimosas, margaritas, and wine - and they'll let you mix and match all 3! Too bad they're upped the fixed price a few months ago...
Half price happy hour drinks
Go somewhere else.
Always order from the bar, the staff is a lively bunch that'll keep you entertained.
Great boozy brunch
Reposado Sidecar with lemon sugar is delicious!!
This place is absurd. They have a foursquare special for only one day of the year. Go to Jekyll and Hyde's down the street.
Some of the best chili I've ever had.  AWESOME.
Get the calamari.... Amazing!
Margaritas. Lots of them.
Sunrise first burrito.... heaven.
Great appetizers!
You do get a pretty great brunch deal: $24.95 for an entree and unlimited mimosas, bloody maries or frozen margaritas for 2 hours.
Great Tequila selection, but frozen margaritas taste too much like a mix. Brunch is delicious; try the egg.white frittata if u r health conscious.
Blue corn enchiladas=foodgasm
Vanilla spice is out of this world
Had to wait for a pot of decaf to brew, so they gave it to me for free, plus my next drink free. Very friendly baristas
Avoid the guy in the jump suit.
Try the coffee!
Whoever said the green iced tea is good for hangovers was dead on. Hangover gone.
To hot for coffee today
The service here is really slow. And it's always packed with students just rushing to get to class.
here............................
try the salted caramel mocha. it's delicious!
When getting a cold drink, ask for light ice. You'll end up with less water in your iced latte or mocha in the end.
The Coopers and their dog have been known to drink here often
New staff: not so good.
Coffer is free today in memory of 9/11
NYDD Pick-me-up: we have all come to know (and love?) Starbucks for its never-ending supply of java. Order it "for here" and enjoy your beverage in a mug while you catch up with others.
The sesame noodles bistro box is vegan. A handy option in a neighborhood with few lunch spots.
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
I love the staff & how they remember ur name, but hate it when one person ask 4 ur order then I have to repeat it again to cashier sometimes. Ugh..
If you come in the morning keep your receipt. Bring it back after 2 pm and you get a grande size of any frozen drink for just TWO BUCKS!
It's my coffee crack!
Oh hello caffeine. You're going to need some to rev up for GUMBO (Gay. DUMBO. Party.) at Galapagos Art Space - every first/third Friday night.
Frappuccino<3
Starbucks Tribute,I got!!
Free petite treats between 2 to 5 pm!
I "love" Espresso here
Smallest Starbucks ever, but the best one I frequent.
There hot coco is great on cold mornings like today
i love this place
Order your drink "for here" and get it in a mug instead of paper cup.
coffe coffe coffe....
The employees are super sweet and attentive, even more so if youre a regular. They remember your order and name after only a few visits. Customer service at its best. Chat them up and make friends.
Hot bartenders- and the art on the wall is for sale!
I had a manhattan panini it was like the same as the ones I had in tuscany, paninis are super recommend! :)
The chocolate cantucci are freshly made and are so amazing!
Um, please ask for a cantucci sample bc they are divine!
Absolutely a delectable place. Food is amazingly simply and tasty. Puts me back in Roma!!
Unhurried, congenial atmosphere. Great place to catch up with friends-sit at the bar and chat en français w the friendly bartender. Foie gras terrine, tripe, and scallops are amazing.
Everyone is so wonderful. Friendly, courteous, and they make you feel good. Oh and the food is close-your-eyes-to-eat-it good.
Their croque madame is out of this world delicious!
Steak rare with salad. Perfect!
Don't miss the cassoulet
In the heart of Tribeca, Georges Frogeois brings New York the perfect getaway to Paris. Make sure to try their exotic selection of iced teas. The Sayfwa is heavenly!
Cercle Rouge241 W Broadway (btw White and Beach), New York, NY 10013
Delicious French cuisine with equally top quality wines. And they're part of restaurant week! Regardless, definitely worth the price if you can swing it. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The wings are a revelation and you can eat them with a fork.
Charcuterie and cheese Plate to die for! Also, fantastic cocktails!
Perfect place for brunch with the kids. Lots of families so you don't have to worry about disturbing other diners, staff is super nice & accommodating & they have a clown/magician/balloon guy.
order the sardines
Go to Paris without leaving NYC! Cercle Rouge has an authentic Parisian bistro look & feel offering fare that will transform you to another place.The Poulet organique au citron is an N-Sider favorite!
Best béarnaise and frites in TriBeCa.
They won't make you a croque Monsieur after 10. How hard is it?!
The wings are a revelation
Dover sole is good but thought it wad bigger
Get some Oysters, they're great!
Anna is the most charming waitress here--ask for her!
Tuna tartar is amazing
If you order dessert, try the banoffe pie... Graham cracker base, bananas, coffee mousse... To die for!!!
the white cote du rhone is amazing and worth the price. say hello to virginie at the bar!!!
If you come today 5/18, get the sea bass from the specials :) amazing!
Forget the menu, wait for the specials
I really liked their eggs benedict with smoked salmon
Great French Toast!
Great place!! We met with Chef Pierre Landet who made a few video recipes. We will post them in just couple of days!
Nice sized portions (I had duck). The atmosphere is as thoughtful & unforced as their wait-staff. Wine menu was overpriced, even by NYC standards, although we still indulged. Worth the $, time & trip!
Virginie Zaroff, le petit pamplemousse, bartender extraordinaire!!
leave big tips for virginie, best bartender evs!
it's all about the St. Luke
Go the Slumdog Millionaire and think of Ricky Ponting
going down!!!
Never had a sandwich here I didn't like, but the best are the St. Luke, Nuyorican and Is-What-It-Is-Wich. The kale salad is also great when you want to keep it light.
Place is take-out only.  Each sandwich comes with a bag of chips and whole thing will set you back about $10.
Ridiculously good sandwiches & desserts, but remember to bring cash - they don't take cards. Simple & fresh ingredients rule the roost here. Show up before they open at noon - food runs out quickly.
Secret lunch spot - walk by in am or after 330 and the sign disappears!
Try the Grilled Salmon - Grilled Salmon over Watercress w/ Avocado Corn Relish & Citrus Jalapeno Dressing   (via @Foodspotting)
get everything, you taste 0% of the food you don't eat
More hot sauce.
The Squashbuckler is revolutionary.
The food is great but the cramped space creates a clusterfuck
Lobster wednesday and thursday
Slumdog or jive turkey - but you can't go wrong with anything here.
BBU, please keep the pulled pork (epoRch?) sandwich on your menu.  My boss and I just downed ours.  So friggin delish! Melts in your mouth!
STAFF PICK: One of the best kept secrets of the village. Food that's just as delicious as it is healthy. Try the Orion's BELT or Squashbuckler!
St. Luke's with Chipolte Mayo is one of the finest sandwiches I've ever had.
Amazing sandwiches but the good ones go quick. Check their blog for the day's menu. -Paul
Go with Jive Turkey or St Louis
Lobster Roll!!!!!
Friendly staff, take-out only, menu changes daily, open Mon-Fri 11-3:30. Great underground (literally!) place. Check goundergroundforlunch.comfor the menu, posted daily at 11am.
try the heiress - a light flavorful veggie option
Cash only!
Try the The Radical Roll - Fresh lobster with spiced lemon butter on a toasted roll. My second favorite lobster roll in the city! Check their blog though, it's only available some days! (via @Foodspot
Awesome service and sandwiches. Unfortunately for you, I will not reveal my favorite one. I don't want it to sell out!
Best Sandwich shop in NYC. Excellent ingredients, a friendly staff, and an inventive menu make eating here the highlight of my day. Take your sandwich to the Hudson River Greenway nearby.
The shopkeepers are friendly and the music is always good; I tend to linger and browse their specialty items. The Slumdog Millionaire sandwich is great for sure. Can't wait to see this place expand.
Sandwiches vanish early so if you're picky, get there by 1pm.
A little tricky to find (you have to go down a flight of stairs) but worth it. While not cheap, it's comparably priced to other neighborhood spots but much higher quality!
Amazing little to-go sandwich shop. Free pickle and chips.
Michelin 2012 ★★
French.Underrated.Yet, perhaps the restaurant doesn't receive the attention of others at its level. And one commenter notes, "Paul's food has always been superb but seems to be getting better lately."
Simply exquisite. The incredible desserts alone (we loved the grapefruit meringue with smooth grapefruit sorbet, ginger crème & burnt honey sabayon) make the $115 prix fixe feel like a bargain.
The food is tasty and generous extras abound. Try the hare-and-foie-gras torte paired with a disk of hare royale.
Love the idea that its pre fixe menu only.  The dishes not only eye candy, but a candy for the taste buds.
Tasting menu was excellent with the wine pairing
Amazing food. Check out the HBO documentary about the chef, Paul Liebrandt. Very pricy but a once in a lifetime experience.
Two Michelin stars.
2 michelin stars, fine dining redefined!
One of our best dining experiences in NYC, and well worth the price. The food is over the top, but the simplest things are the best – we love the Green Market salad.
Try to identify what's on your plate before they tell you. Wave at Paul through the glass, he likes that.
An experience for the senses.  Be sure to wave at the chef, he loves it!  ;)
Foodie Heaven
Get the wine pairing with the tatsing menu - and if you can splurge, go for the white truffle supplement
The future of fine dining, a very balanced mixture of classical and modern techniques. -Seth Caro, Top Chef Just Desserts
Think this place is overhyped. For better food and better service at same price point, go to Bouley which is very close by.
With two Michelin stars, Paul Liebrandt’s contemporary French restaurant is not to be missed. Period.
Definitely do it.
don't die before coming here
Wow...i have been waiting for my food almost 1hr. Not too happy with the slow service
Boy, that second Blood Orange Margarita really packs a wallop!  Such fun with Andrea N.
Service too for ever to get the tortillas & our food got cold. This place is over priced and the food isn't that good
Closed at lunchtime!
This is the spiciest michelata I've ever had. That's a good thing.
Delicious tacos and hospitable staff
Definitely no Cuban food on the menu - hence the name of the restaurant.....
Fish tacos & veg burritos = my faves!
Pork tacos are great.
Guacamole is delicious!
What happened to the service? It's gotten ridiculously terrible!
Watermelon sangria is sick awesome. Drink a glass or 4
Try the hangar steak and the chicken mole burrito
My favorite chili relleno in the city!  Ask if the limoncello ginger margarita is one of the day's specials - it's a great way to start OR end your meal.
Very mediocre food.
Margaritas, not so good. Too much bar mix.
Margaritas mmmm
Enchiladas suiza, Spicy Fish Tacos, and Tres Leche are WINNERS!!!!
Get a glass of the Baqueano Malbec Reserve it is great
The fish tacos are awesome but 18 bucks. Beware.
Avoid the queso dishes. There are made pretty lazily and are basicly just naf melted cheese.
Don't miss the jalapeño margarita at Mexicana Mama Centro.
Best Cuban food I've had in a LONG time. Thanks NYC
Most excellent Mexican in NYC. Order the salsa sampler and soup to start!!
Cuban sandwich. Eat it. I hope you're hungry.
this place is NOT Mexican! it is Dominican/Cuban/Puerto Rican!!
Try the Roast Pork With Salad - Cinantro.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mangu - One of my fave breakfasts.  From Dominican Republic, it's mashed plantains, onions topped with your choice of meat, egg and queso blanco.  (via @Foodspotting)
Cubano + lentil soup = best meal for 8.50 in the area
Beef stew, son
Best Cuban sands for miles
Do the 10 dumplings. Along with 1 sesame and 1 chives pancake. $3.50 and you've stuffed your face.
Pork and chive dumplings are amazing. Steamed ones look gross but will make your mouth the happiest it's ever been.
Grab a box of steamed dumplings or a bowl of soup and enjoy it in Seward Park just across the street.
$2.00 for 10 dumplings, can' beat it!
$2.50 for 10 steamed - Do it.
They don't have plastic utensils, so it's no use asking
Don't forget to mix the soy sauce, vinegar, and hot sauce to make your dumpling sauce!
Two bucks fills you up.  Dumpling sauce is on the table.
Holy crap. Incredible pork and chive dumplings
Dumplings so good and so cheap ($2), it feels like you're ripping them off
Get the steamed pork and chive dumplings. Amazing bang for your buck.
Wonton soup is sumptuous
Great place to listen to Lower East Side kids discuss dubstep
Try the dumplings!
Eat the dumplings!
Sesame pancake is the first thing that gets made in the morning. get it fresh
Sesame bing da bomb
They have the most unique dumplings that we came across - they seem to have ginger in them. A very interesting flavor in an evenly fried dumpling. Perfect meat to wrapper ratio as well! Ten for $2.
They have the most unique dumplings that we came across - they seem to have ginger in them. A very interesting flavor in an evenly fried dumpling. Perfect meat to wrapper ratio as well! Ten for $2.
"A" rating from NYC Dept. of Health. Made to order vegetable sesame pancake is great with boiled vegetable dumplings.
Bring a jacket they always leave the door open and the place is tiny. Nicest dumpling lady on the street.
2 Spring rolls and a sesame pancake with chives, can of coke.
Get Vegetable Dumplings, steamed NOT fried + made to order, $2!
$1 dumplings is a must try! Also the sesame pancake.
No need to spend more than $5!
Order 8 steamed pork and chive dumplings for $2.
get 10 Fried dumplings and two spring rolls for $3!!
Try their house ale... Only $3.50 during happy hour!
Проверяй те граждане сдачу. При счете в 37 долларов общитпли на 8. Вот уроды.
Nice specials, not so super friendly staff. Go to Josie's instead if you're in that area (3 doors down)
Horrible service, food is mediocre and they can't seem to get any of the orders right...go for drinks maybe but not for food
Can't go wrong with $1 tacos during happy hour.
$1 tacos during Happy Hour (not 3/$5). And they're AWESOME!
Kelly the day bartender, is the best!!!!
accepting reservations for Super Bowl Sunday
Try the Guinness Beef Stew - #delicious (via @Foodspotting)
Really nice staff/owners, and the fish tacos are legitimately great. I hate the name of this place but I like having it in the neighborhood!
Go heRe for 3 tacos for 5 dollar. Mon - friday 4 - 8pm
3 tacos for $5 during happy hour.
Dollar tacos during April from 6-8 But you have to eat at the bar and order a drink
Nice Beer selection.  Perfect place to watch sports.
If you like pina coladas... : )
Frozen Margaritas are to die for...
Great place with amazing food. Try the gigantic fish and chips served in a tortilla bowl!!!
Amazing shepherds pie!  Good dink prices and great live jazz!  A definite must do if you're in the area
Come are lunch. Plenty of cheap lunch specials that include a soft drink and a good beer selection.
Never crowded..come here to watch sports!
Get the Murphy's Ale. It's my #1 NYC beer.
Drink a lot
Great coffee and delicious omelettes.
Perfect Service, clean, charming. A must for breakfast! Thank you from Germany, you saved my day in NYC... all of them!
Heads up, there's a $10 min. on credit cards.
Friendly staff and delicious coffee.
WiFi password is "cafecafe" but it's pretty slow for me.
Free Wi-Fi!!
Silk Road tea seriously blows my mind every time.
Great food, good prices, neat place! 
For my money the chicken bahn mi with avocado (spicy) is the best bahn mi in the city. And I've tried pretty much all of them.
Cute and cozy spot. Great food and uber friendly staff!
Nice people work here, great coffee, good food. My little sister adores their ham & cheese sandwich.
Very sweet staff, tasty sandwiches, great teas.
Their granola with yogurt, fruit, and honey makes my morning!
Get the sliced pork with pate sandwich and a mocha, bring your laptop and hang out, enjoy the light and cheerful background music
great breakfast specials!  great service & ppl.  cafe has wifi, overall very cute place to eat/hang out : )  has banh mi too which i am going to try next time : D
really nice service. make sure your banh mi is spicy.
Great grilled cheese.
Iced coffee to die for and the ladies that work here are awesome!
their cappuccino is on point... say hi to Liz behind the counter she's awesome
Yummyyy Thai iced tea
Selection of vegetables, tofu & other options could be better but it's very cheap. Overall, excellent Shabu Shabu.
Try any deli other than this one. I've seen cold cuts dropped on the floor and put back into the deli case. Prices are NEVER the same. All d
Really good butter bagels :)
I reccommend going some place else. Way over priced even by deli standards
Beware prices WILL be different everytime there is a different person behind counter. I get the same sandwich and it is anywhere from 2.00 to 3.75. Just cheese on a roll with lettuce n tomato
strouchy!
Bzzzzzzz!!!
The fruit tea smoothie blasts are delicious!!
Excellent sweet potato fries and grilled chicken dish
Food is good but even if the place is empty the manager/owner won't let you put two 2-person tables together as a party of 3. AND she's a bitch about it.
Bring lots of cash, because they don't take plastic and everything is delicious!
Try the Classic Beef Pho  - Even by my Super-Size Me Midwest standards this was one HUGE bowl of Pho. $8 West Village. Who knew? (via @Foodspotting)
Great, cheap food but service is a bit slow at the bar.
LOOVEE the pork, spring roll and shrimp vermicelli! It's something about their sauce..
Affordable, tasty Vietnamese. Friendly staff! The grilled pork on rice vermicelli noodles and the beef phô are personal faves. GENEROUS servings, so come hungry & be prepared to take leftovers home!
Skip the banh mi (or at least the classic one) and get the phö
Love the pho but dont sleep on the papaya mango salad with lemongrass chicken!
The Spicy Brisket sandwich is out of control. Heads up though...Without jalapeños is not very spicy at all.
The seasoning on the chicken is too sweet, in the pho and also in the bahn mi. Other than that, everything was pretty good
Best pho near NYU. Saigon Pho's where it's at.
Try the Pulled Pork Banh Mi Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Try the S.S. Spicy Brisket Banh Mi - With sautéed onion pineapple and spicy au jus sauce (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Lemongrass Chicken Banh Mi (via @Foodspotting)
The Crab Cake Banh Mi is a nice twist on the classic vietnamese sandwich. Be sure to grab a bottle of sriracha, the spicy was lacking any kick
Best brisket sandwich in town!
Good veggie banh mi with tofu. Love the sauce on the side, you can taste every ingredient (ginger sauce) in it. Very fresh great portions. Great service as well. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I ate until my stomach exploded.... Get the lemon chicken over vermicelli :)
The Catfish Banh Mi or the Saigon Shack Pho
Get a tall glass of the ice cappuccino! O so good.
The only dish you need to try here to keep coming back: sweet potato fries.
get the ss spicy brisket sandwich!
Classic beef pho is the way to go. Man, I go here too much.
Try the pho with lemongrass chicken (via @Foodspotting)
Their shakes here are a summer must, they're delicious!
Bring cash (it's cash only) and order the lemongrass chicken sandwich! If you have the time, eat in for best experience, as the bread can get soggy.
Really pho-king great. Lemongrass chicken is the move.
Crab cake banh mi and variety of pho are delicious. Wash down with a Vietnamese iced coffee.
My fav as per order.1.Catfish Banh2.Grilled pork Banh3. Grilled chicken BanhRice orders are bland, no gravy, so be prepared to use lotta Hoisin on rice/vermicelli dishes. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Laksa, Drunken Noodles, Devils Curry, Pra Ram, and soooo much more just absolutely delicious. Fantastic place. Highly recommended!
Calamari appetizer is really yummy! Lunch specials include a soup or spring roll. Really great food all around and super cheap!
Wow this place is good. Cauliflower manchurian gets an A+. Chili paneer and chili okra also fantastic!
Try Curry Hill's Singapura-a yummy blend of Indo-Chinese, Malay, & Thai dishes. $8-9 lunch deals w/ spring roll. Chili paneer, tamarind tilapia, Cauliflower Manchurian & roti canai apps are delish.;9
Cute place & I've heard great things but the curry noodles are *not* the thing to get. Will come back to try to find perfect dish.
Exceptional drunken noodles. And the heavenly drumsticks appetizer is great too.
When they say spicy, they mean SPICY! #youvebeenwarned
Singapura curry noodles - must have dish!
Try the sizzling lamb and the okra dish.
Chili Paneer is good.
Steamed dumplings and green chicken! (little spicy but so good!)
Please try some Old Amsterdam Cheese next time you stop at Murray's Cheese Shop-- we produce delicious aged Gouda, Find out more here http://oldamsterdam.com/
love the havarti with dill
They now take credit cards!
They now accept credit cards, so no need to go old school and get cash before shopping
You can't argue with a $1.29 cheese Danish...
Get the H & H bagels in the back with a tub of cream cheese and coffee to go! Easy weekend brunch.
They now have an ATM! The cheese selection is amazing, but they also have great pastries, fresh bread, coffee beans that they will grind for you, and lots of rotating grocery items. Love it!!
Be sure to check out the bargains by the front.
Great selection of cheeses so cheap you wonder how they make any money, and if you like good, no-frills coffee, this is your spot.
best kept cheese aficionado secret in all NYC. coolers in the front --> 2lb wheels of Président brie for less than $4. #holycrap
Great little place to find all kinds of European imported cheese!
A necessity for stocking the cheese board with no-frills standards.
don't miss the: goat cheese gouda, the blueberry crusted goat cheese, mortadella, pappadews, lemon stilton, herring in wine, bulgarian feta. take a miss on the prosciutto.
top picks - goat cheese gouda, blueberry crust
Hey , leave a tip at Cafe Champignon: Hey , leave a tip at Cafe Champignon.
Winner of Best Place If You're Hungry For Love in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! The no-frills attitude of the shop makes it easy to conversate with attractive strangers.
Cheap brie for $3 and bag of babybel for $1.50. What?!
This should be your go-to cheese spot for their rotating selection of cheeses at absurdly low prices.  When they’re busy, expect the service to be a little gruff.
best cheese shop ever. cash only.
Fresh and low price cheese!
Bulgarian feta is really good
The best deals on cheese around.  No sampling and cash only are the only drawbacks.  Perfect spot to get cheese for a party or picnic and lots of good snacks too!
Just  get the special.  And remember it's cash only.
$2 wheel of Brie who can beat that?!
One of New York's best hidden gems! cash only cheese! Prices that can not be beat anywhere in the city. Just made a quick pit stop on the bike for some Brie, gruyere and olives...40 3rd Avenue, Ne
Buy the stuffed grape leaves; in Greece they're known as dolmadakkias; but here, the flavor is better than any other Greek place I've ever been to.  Little morsels of healthy goodness!
Heaven for a cheese lover!
The front cases have amazing deals. Also, read the specials on the windows outside and on the blackboards inside.
Love Baklava? East Village Cheese has delicious baklava and it's half price what you'll usually pay. One more reason to hit East Village Cheese!
Go to East Village Cheese but don't buy the baguettes. They're stale.
This store carries everything - indigenous Chilean jewelry, Chilean beef shipped from the pasture lands of Chile, Chilean gourmet products and more. It's a beautiful store and just fun to walk around.
Purchased the Montes Alpha Carmenere.. definitely a great buy. Thanks!!
The terra andina carmenere is only $9 and one of the best!
Check out Errazuriz Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc (Casablanca Valley DO); at $17 this high quality, crisp white wine is a great value. For more wine info, download our app or visit agwine.com
Super friendly staff, helped us pick a wonderful bottle of wine that did not cost an arm and a leg!
They carry a great collection of affordable Chilean wines. This one is an Anakena 'Ona' White Blend and it's delicious. Try their Los Vascos Rose or Santa Helena Sauvignon Blanc for something tasty!!
The wines are good and affordable.
The wines are very good and very affordable.
What a delicious bottle of $10 wine!
The $11 wines are amazing!
The Omakase Sushi at Kanoyama's at sake bar counter (not the sushi restaurant section) with chef Nobu changed my view of sushi in NYC.  Great sushi exists in NYC!  It's not cheap, but not Masa pricey.
I was disappointed with the $110 chef's tasting menu - while we were getting little soups & weird apps, all the folks around us were getting hand-fed sushi via the $45 mini-tasting. Do that instead.
sushi as it should be...simple with high quality fish
good quality omakase for $3x
Sushi and sashimi for two !
Best sushi I ever had! The omokase sushi is worth the extra money. It is out of this world. I've been eating sushi since I was a kid and this place blows away any sushi I have ever eaten. Love it!
From one sake lover to another: if you like dry and smooth (not sweet) - get the hakkasian or the otokoyama. #cantsayno
If you're with a large party call in advance for the tuna rib and prepare to scrape it off the bone! P.s. the choice and quality of the oysters and fish from the homeland is phenomenal
New fav east village spot-- Really good. Order the sushi combo platter for 3 for large parties. It's a ton of food. Try the gyoza too
Try the fried oyster and monk fish liver
Daily specials menu for seasonal add-ons. Omakase for a special night. For crazy, have them bring out those tuna ribs.
my new favorite #omakase in nyc. ask for chef nobu in the back! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the omakase sushi. It's $35 and worth every penny. I guarantee you will eat types of fish you've never even heard of.
This could be the best sushi I've ever had.
Sit at the sushi bar, watching the chefs in action is such a treat.
Staff is incredibly friendly!
Delicious, well-priced sushi, with terrible service. Oh well.
The lobster miso soup is great.  So is the futomaki.
Omakase means "in your hands". Here it means delicious.
Not to be corny but the corn tempura w green tea salt and jalapenos is a must...
Sushi is a true art, but it can be learned and practiced by anyone! Here's the first step of how to make sushi rice to get you on your way to becoming a sushi pro! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByXX1
Overpriced mediocre sushi. Don't waste your time.
Sit at the bar and ask for the 'super omakase' (not on the menu). Chef Nobu is wonderful so sit strategically to watch him prepare and discuss the sushi!
Oyster Sampler A is excellent.
I am not fiddling around u must try the fiddlehead tempura!
Be adventurous and order from the front specials menu. The sizzling grilled squid is delicious.
Be adventurous and order from the front specials menu. The sizzling grilled squid is delicious.
Get the tuna ribs. Do it!
Top quality sushi. Ask for their tuna catches of the day. They're fresh and fatty! King salmon is also good!
Def try the sushi/sashimi box at the sake bar.  Its killer.
I've died and gone to Ana & Timio heaven! Sublime Jamon Iberico. Delicately flavoured tapas. Wow!
Cozy with a delicious sherry list and Jamon Serrano. Great date spot.
I would recommend this place to anyone. I've had tapas all over the world, but this is special. Excellent service, small place, medium priced. GO!
Great cozy low lit gem in the east village. Chorizo and meatballs lovely. Great red wine varietals enhanced our sheep cheese plate. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Everything is good and very well priced
Make sure to end with el chivo and a dessert wine....heaven
El Chivo is a sweet and creamy delight. Chorizo is phenomenal as is the asparagus. Enjoy!
Enjoy the surprisingly large-sized Spanish tapas and ask your waiter for a wine recommendation – they all seem to be wine connoisseurs. The space is tiny, so expect to wait for a table.
Service was sloooowww
Gaspar is the best waiter ever...he has a really great grasp of Spanish food and wine and he's quite entertaining. Love him!!
Pincho pincho pincho de tortilla, pincho pincho pincho de jamón.
The pata negra melts in your mouth.
Don't leave without having some melt-in-your-mouth octopus, richer than butter!
The staff is very knowlegable and the garlic shrimp tapas is amazing. Also great selection of cheeses and wonderful Riojas.
Great (and strong) sangria and great tapas - evokes Spain effortlessly
eat the Spanish prosciutto equivalent
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
♥ the Irish coffee.. So heavy.. :p
Closed! :(
Chicken kabob (in tomato sauce yogurt over pita) is amazing
Tried the Yogurtlu Lamb Adana Kebab and it was pretty delicious. Next time, I'm going to save room for the baklava.
Try anything on the menu and I dare you not to like it!!!!!
Save room for the house-made baklava.
For something more refined, go for the octopus salad or one of their fish entrees.
Good food, udon is great. A bit pricey for the amount but not too bad.
Beef trifecta noodle soup
Steam duck buns - yummm!
Definitely go for the mango flavor shaved ice cream dessert!
The Char Siu Pork ia really great & filling!!!!
Beef trifecta! Niu broth is tasty but rich. Tomato broth is also good :-)
Make sure to save room for dessert!  The mango shaved ice with lychee pearls is out of this world!
it's all about the sweet potato fries
Get the half chicken meal with 2 sides and pick their best sides. (ie:anything but fries) Huge meal for cheap. Great chicken too.
The register guy is a cutie. Kinda looks like Aiden from Sex & the City.
the lounge upstairs is nice.. the food is decent.. the service can be hectic.. the drinks are so weak that even water seems slightly alcoholic in comparison!
Yummy salmon burger!
Service is a joke, but food is decent.
The employees and owner in this place are loud and obnoxious, yelling everywhere.  Also they only have "grade pending" in the window.
Very affordable prices. Very nice place to eat. Very friendly and helpful customer service
The burgers are nothing to write home about but they're not terrible either. There are better burger places in the city.
I can recommend the turkey burger / with cheese and avocado!
Kind if unpleasant register guy, but reasonably good food.
Most delicious Turkey burger I've ever had, and great sweet potato fries!
Try the lemon potatoes and theyre burgers. They also have some slamming ribs nd okay service
Great gyro combo wrap!
I would go back if only for the garlic rice. Contrary to popular opinion, the pork bun would only be good if you've never tried any other pork bun in NYC. It's huge and very filling though.
BYOB! That's all you need to know...
Don't sleep on the rice crepes and the chicken wings adobo. Get some sticky rice to ball up and dunk in the wing sauce. Eat with your hands!
Rice crepes are delicious. Garlic rice okay, its exactly that. Another vote for sausage.
BYOB for a dollar a drink
Place is the jumpoff
Oh my goodness Chinese sausage with chili lime sauce is heavenly dish. Amazing flavors in everything. BYOB but they have beer and wine too. Yum yum yum.
The signature Filipino-style wings are slow-cooked à la adobo, crisped in the fryer, and topped with coconut sauce.
The best : chinese sausages and the mushrooms with bamboo shoots
food is light and delicious. chinese sausage, pork dumplings, coconut rice
I cannot get enough of the mussels in kaffir-lemongrass gravy and the Chinese sausage!!
Chinese sausage and signature tofu dish! Can't go wrong.
Get the Chinese sausage!
Chinese sausage is a must!
small Chinese plate dishes FTW!
White washed filipino food. If you want something authentic filipino, this is not it.
Absolute nom. Inspired by Filipino & Thai influences, Chef King Phojanakong creates tastiness like scallops w bacon & kalamansi & lechon kawali. Go thru the unmarked door & upstairs to find this gem.
In swahili... They'd serve something very different!!
Chinese sausages - yum!
The rice crepes bolognese and the drunken shrimp are outstanding.
les. byob, so cheap.  Always have fun w/ friends
Village Voice is excited to have Kuma Inn at the 2012 Choice Eats food fest! Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Skip anything seafood. not fresh.
Impress your date at this intimate dinner spot, which offers shareable Asian “tapas” created by chef King Phojanakong. The small plates are also affordable, with most in the $7–$12 range.
it's BYOB so plan ahead. i recommend september wines a couple of blocks away.
The honest is a giant bitch
Come for the Chinese Sausage, stay for the pork buns
LOVE THIS PLACE! Everything I've had here has been fantastic! The rice crepes and the sauteed chinese sausage are my favorites. Delish! And it's byob so the bill is always so reasonable.
Cash only.
Chinese sausage and garlic sticky rice!!!! Yuuuummm
The restroom has hairspray, chapstick and lollipops (incase anyone cares to know).
Cute hostess...
Incredibly pretentious and ridiculously overpriced. I felt VERY uncomfortable dining here.
Charmer Manhatten extra Makers...Swag
Try the 7 Layer Dark Chocolate Cake - Wonderful!! (via @Foodspotting)
The Palm Refresh is a pretty good cocktail.
Never think about veal parm at The Palm but..so amazing!
Fancy well off people eat here if your not one of them then you must proceed to the gee whiz diner up the block
Amazing atmosphere, great location
Palm Restaurant206 West St. (Warren St.), New York, NY 10282
Awesome...
basalmic vinegar over the caprese salad is amazing! also try the spicy horseradish w shrimp or crab cocktail.
Try the hickory steak ribeye, this is the only location that has it.
Caymus is always a solid choice
Shrimp cocktail & crabmeat colossal is tasty. Mix the atomic horseradish w the cocktail sauce
The Palm’s planting a great Surf and Turf Dinner for Two http://exm.nr/pmYOhn
Unless your boss is paying for you don't even think about it. You can get your picture on the wall for $15,000.
Come M-F from 4:30-6:30 for PrimeTime bites only $4.50 per app (so yummy!) more info here: http://www.thepalm.com/PrimeTime
Hickory ribeye.  Only Palm that does it.  Can't be replicated!  Order it!
Ask for a toozle. Be prepared for a gift from god. (Luke is the man)
For wine: the Ruffini (Italian red) is excellent.
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
Great three course prix-fixe until March 31st
This location of The Palm has great happy hour deals on mini-burgers and lobster club sliders!
Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail= simply amazing
Order the burger and ask for the secret sauce!
Want to get rid of holiday trees and e-waste? Drop by Bowling Green on Sat., January 8, 2011,10 AM-4PM. U could also win a MacBook Air! Details @ http://www.downtownny.com/discover/MulchFest%202010/
Wednesdays are a great night here!
Gd seafood...but high$+all sides=a la carte.Well-chopped Caesar Salad,moist.Sauteed fresh mushrooms, 4stars.Cheap by-glass lrg wine selection.Share food@Table.Ask for BlackenedAND peppercrust on fish!
I don't understand what the hype is about.  Food was bland and overpriced.
Awesome music on a Sat night!
Ask the bartender for something bizarre if undecided. (i.e. something that tastes like candy)
Best hidden place in NYC. If it's not on ur fav list, there's something wrong with you.
Scan the barcode on the bar counter for a free shot
Go to the back to enjoy your food or drink in the open air garden.
boozy brunch spot. likey
Sometimes, classic is best. Go bold and call for a BULLDOG Gimlet.
Great bathroom wallpaper.
I'd forgotten how huge American meals sometimes are! Cheap comfort food without being memorable
Hidden spot. Good food, good beer, no douche bags that usually fill most places on 14th
the mac n cheese here is one of the most impressive I've had (in Manhattan)
I haven't met a bartender here that wasn't cool yet.
The burgerler just visited. Read our review of the bison burger at theburgerler.blogspot.com
Head to the back area...way less crowded and "bar" sceney. Charming.
First time here, what a hidden gem!
A huge supporter of SACH and a great bar! Stop by and tell Justin your a SACH supporter too!
Isha, Maria & Damien are the best bartenders.
Bartender first on cell phone and then couldn't be bothered to serve us. So we left. Too bad, since the place looks sweet and interesting.
Great hideaway. Love this cozy joint
Neighborhood gem! Great brunch and unbeatable ambience. Gorgeous in the fall.
Adorable place! You have to have the Mac and Cheese
Great place, couches up front and outdoor table service in the back. Really crowded on the weekends but a great get away during the week.
Great spot for Sunday brunch
Sneaky good place, feels a bit like Central Perk (from Friends)
Do NOT miss out on the unlimited mimosas for just $15 during lunch!
Omelet with mushrooms, cheddar, and Swiss - so rich, so delicious!
Francis is both a scholar and a gentleman - treat him well and you'll have a new favorite nyc drink slinger!
an excellent sister restaurant to the o.g. uptown
Awesome hidden spot :-)
The desserts here are rad, I know because they are my creations. Come in and check them out!
Try the tlacoyos ($3): long masa flatbreads stuffed with refried beans and topped with bright-orange spicy pork, sweet chopped onion, lettuce, and cilantro. One of our 25 favorite food trucks!
Taco con pollo tastes gr8 priced right. And this taco truck ACTUALLY DELIVERS!
Not sure what the other tips are talking about, this place just hooked me up with ingredients. My bowl is about a foot tall right now
Hablan español. ¡Excelente!
the ushe (the new soft corn tortillas are soooooo good)
it's chipotle. what could go wrong.
Mad stingy
Some servers are stingy! Ask for more with a smile :)
Skimpy!!!!!!
This is hands down the worst chipotle. They are so rude! They try to skimp and give u small portions and when u ask for more they give u attitude and tell u they will weigh it-you have to pay more!
Try the burritos.
Do not cross the Duchess of Estonia!
If you wanna eat burritos this is the perfect place
SAVE YOUR RECEIPT! You need the code at the bottom to get into the bathroom. Code changes daily.
There are almost always seats.
Try the Sauza Margarita! They're a great $5 pick me up!
convenient location, but so skimpy on ingredients!
The pico and chicken seasoning were blah today. Second time at this location where someone forgot to hit the "tasty" button.
It's true. They skimp on the rice now. However, they still put a good amount of other stuff and when I asked for more sour cream they gave me another good spoonful.
Corn Salsa!
Make sure you tell them to give you more meat or anything. They are a little light handed with the ingredients here.
Brown Rice!
Brown rice tastes really good! And it's way healthier!
When you ask for the spicy salsa, they don't fuck around. Mouth on fire!
Throw away your receipt and attempt to use the bathroom.
good food. but the burrito was huge...just couldn't manage to finish it...but that's just me i guess
If you're on a diet, avoid the chips! 570 calories and 27g of fat! Yikes! Try a burrito bowl with black beans and grilled veggies instead.
oh geez don't eat here if u're hungry. hella skimp on even the rice! go to the other one up near barnes & noble. *thumbs down*
Bathroom code: 6481
Need to learn how to wrap burritos here
Goto Qdoba on University to beat the lines & crowds & get seats.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Red velvet is the bomb
Chocolate Sourdough Twist!!
The semolina, golden raisin and fennel bread is easily the tastiest they have...
La mejor torta de zanahoria que he probado.
#TREATYOSELF to... fine breads for a wine and cheese night.
OUR WEST VILLGE GEM!! (forgo magnolia, et al)
Chocolate twist!!
Try their whole wheat biscuits! To. Die. For.
Coconut Macaroons at. 70/each are worth every Delish bite!
Delicious & freshly baked options.  The cider & grapefruit juices were particularly sweet & tangy the day of this post.
The cheese biscuits are amazing, especially in the morning when you can get a ham and cheese grilled biscuit!
The almond brioche toast is my favorite. So so good.
Do not try the cup cakea. It was dry and the frosting was hard. For $2.50 it was a waste. :-(
Cheese biscuit and their mocha might just be my favorite in the city- not too sweet, great espresso, and has a rich dark chocolate flavor!
Black and white cake and the cheese biscuits are awesome!!
Saturday Pizza is delicious. If you like Red Velvet, try their cake!
Try the chocolate croissant!
Ham and cheese biscuit is amazing!
Cheese biscuits are always a good bet.
Red Velvet Cake ?
chocolate twists, olive fougasse, really anything here (including the chocolate cake!)
Tangy Soughdough only $1.50!
Get a sourdough loaf, so good!
The red velvet cake is amazing, and I don't usually even like red velvet. Pretty much everything I've eaten here is amazing.
Low fat applesauce donut. Enough said.
Try the almond brioche!
The Monkey cake is delicious
Get the Monkey Cake!
- best thing to eat here is the cake, tried every single one and all of them are way better than magnolia cakes! jewel of the village, I go here everyday! Yum!
Cinnamon crispys are amazing but only baked on Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
The bacon wrapped scallops (just 2) and jumbo shrimp (just 3) are delicious, but not that filling.
Like duck? The 1/2 rotisserie entrée with curry is satisfying. Pricey, but satisfying.
The flavors in the mango salad make me want to cry.
old BYO rule no longer in effect, now everyone needs to order App & Entree or pay $10 corking fee/bottle
Striped Bass was excellent!
Amazing crap cake!!
Garlic bread, fresh fish, amazing prices. A true gem near union square. Great early bird special saturday night
reggae-like name aside, this is a great, quiet thai place with fantastically prepared sea creatures
Get the lump crab avocado salad with spicy mayo, and the chilean sea bass--to die for
Early bird dinner special.. 3 appetizers and entree!
Try the Maple, Bacon Scone
The pretzel croissants are just about the greatest thing ever
The oatmeal and cookies here are great.
#StaffPick for eco-friendly sweet treats.
Peanut butter cookies. Amazing!
The spaghetti squash will rock your world. Trust.
Cold brewed ice coffee!
The chicken cilantro sandwich is out of this world delicious! And big enough to share ;)
Maury Rubin outfitted his supergreen bakery with reclaimed wood floorboards, shelves fashioned out of recycled paper and organic sweets plus classics from his City Bakery.
Grilled cheese is pretty much perfect.
Seems to have closed down for re-vamping.
Nothing memorable. Standard bagel & coffee fare in a neighborhood devoid of bagel shops. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Amazing bacon egg & cheese on a whole wheat everything bagel
Charges $1.00 extra for each credit card. The Amex special here is no good! They don't accept Amex!
The service was terrible!  They left us sitting and waiting to order more dim sum for more than half an hour while our server ate his own lunch!  We won't be going back.
Lemon chicken was excellent.
Wouldn't let them baby sit my cat.
Watch your dog when around this place.
Slowwwwwwest place ever... Don't waste you're time here if you're white... They won't give you the time of day
tacky environment
Steamed dim sum plate is the perfect thing to share- crystal shrimp rocked my face off!!!
Extremely slow service today. Very odd
Best crystal shrimp dumpling shui Mai and pork Shiite mai
The best dim sum in the city, try everything.
Got the best Dim Sum love their beef balls, stuffed eggplant and shrimp stuff tofu!
Great ethical & sustainable sourced coffee, delicious brownies and free WiFi.
Staff is super slow. Be prepared to wait in line while they take thief sweet time. Pastries Are good.
a bad toilet paper dispenser is still better than no toilet paper at all!
Café très sympa , patisseries simples mais de qualité, meilleures que dans beaucoup d'endroits au pays ! A very nice place cosy & quiet . Simple but very good pastries
BOA NOITE!
If you use the restroom, be careful to lock the tricky top lock. I got caught taking a huge dump. :)
Lovers of blueberry and cherry notes in their coffee ought to try Think's new Ethiopia Kalenso. Tastes of chocolate and citrus, too.
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Wow my skim sugar free vanilla latte today from here was perfection.
Grab a spot at one of the tables in the back. Lots of tech people chilling back there.
Wifi is freedomeagle
surprise discovery here one cold night: delicious ethiopian food cooked by an ethiopian.
Friendly staff. Cute, spacious shop. They'll make you a London Fog if you ask, even though it's not on the menu.
A dark space with a Germanic tinge, the Chelsea/Meatpacking branch of Think offers lots of space, wifi and pourovers from different coffee roasters. Skip the 2nd Wave espresso.
very good!!!
They DO have Wifi now, other tips must be outdated.
Bom dia...
Definitely get the grilled cheese! I recommed cheddar and ham. Wort the upcharge and wait.
estou com muita fome fou toamr um belo de um cafe na think coffee
uma delici de café
Coffee :))
\o/ Very Good!!!
Hmmm... muito bom essa hora!!
oi bom dia!
Bathroom password is 3788 and Sufi password is freedomeagle
อร่อยยยชัวววววร์ เวอร์
Um lugar muito tranquilo e legal.
Try the Spanish latte.
Good coffee and soups.
Dulce de leche cookie! Delicious!
Try the Rosabaya De Colombia & Raspberry Charlotte (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Rosabaya De Colombia & Raspberry Charlotte - #sweets #food #foodporn (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mocha Latte (via @Foodspotting)
New limited edition flavor - crealto
head upstairs for free espresso!
Try the Iced Cafe Latte - #drinks #food #foodporn (via @Foodspotting)
Hazelnut cappa rox!
Love love love love!
$5.50 for a cappuccino, mama Mia. But rather that than the terrible Fanelli - ugh.
Thank you, Nespresso, for installing your wonderful miraculous machines! They are elegant, and make the perfect cup of cappuccino for our clients. Stop by 100 Riverside Blvd for a complimentary cup.
Lobster truffle Munster cheese sandwich need I say more? I shouldn't have to...
Head upstairs to get moar capsules for your nespresso machine. Enjoy a free espresso while you're there.
Get free espresso upstairs! They're always sampling new varietals.
Great service& awesome coffee . Try their limited edition for winter season: the dark chocolate feels like heaven
My first good cup of coffee....a must place for a coffee lover.... Loved the mocha latte....
Mocha Latte is awesome here....
Try their latest limited edition flavors upstairs and get a square of chocolate. Your choice of dark or milk chocolate.
Where have all the Euros gone? Try Nespresso in Soho, where sampling the 16 Grand Crus is like a wine flight. The 3.75 oz. lungo shots are distinctive. Two chocolates accompany each cup.
Make sure you sit on a swivel chair, they're super comfy!
Best coffee ever
A great, mellow place for meetings in SoHo... WAY better than the Starbucks on Spring. I frequent the boutique upstairs for refills on Nespresso capsules. I LOVE my nespresso machine.
Almost the same price of Starbucks, but in a much better ambient and coffee.
If you sit at the bar alone, they may give u free cookies.
Skip skip skip
Delicious Iced Vanilla Caffe. Pixie machines are very stylish and go for $250 a pop.
Comfy chairs, very classy, delicious espresso!
nice place to chill with friends =)
Get the mini ratatouille quiche. It's amazing!
Try their Quiche! It's really delicious!
Expresso
Daring diners do #106 wu geng chang wang (五更腸旺~) “fifth watch intestine brilliance”—a reference to the last night watch, the predawn hours when, presumably, the intestines are at their most brilliant.
Sietsema on Pork with Lichee: "The nuggets of pork are supposed to resemble unpeeled lichees... the dish is delectable, the painfully red meat slightly sweet and set off by crisply cooked vegetables"
Open 10am-2am 7 days. Cheap, uncompromised, plus the homemade noodles look delish. Try the noodle w duck & taro (40) #latenight
Get the Eggplant with Garlic Sauce-The steaming dish is garlicky in the extreme, and the spiciness comes from strips of green chile.
The Village Voice voted this Best Fish Maw Soup in our Best Of New York Poll!
The chianti is one of the best I've had. Good chicken Milanese (swap the potatoes for a side of aldente spaghetti)
Please is Eh...nothing spectacular at all. deisel fumes from construction and busy corner..and smell of urination on the sidewalk..
Try the Chicken Parmegiana (via @Foodspotting)
artichoke appetizer was great
Meatballs! outstanding...great chicken parm!
the chicken cous cous salad is incredible
The calamari (crunchy, not chewy, it’s perfect!) followed up with the penne ala vodka was enough for us.
The raviolis are always a safe, yet delicious bet. I liked the Tonnato, roast pork in tuna cream sauce.
good place to drink a cheap bottle of  wine and some rich lasagna.
Get the ham & cheese croissant. Delish & great on-the-go bkfst.
Carne Asada anything is Brilliant.
They roll their quesadillas which I think is a brilliant idea. Makes for easier eating. The chipotle sauce that comes with it is kinda awesome.
The grilled onions inside the burritos are delicious-- ask for extra!
It's a deli paradise!
My fave halal nearby. The dude will show you the special rice he buys.
get the GI! tequila + grapefruit juice + sriracha + sage. soooo good & spicy!
Their take on the classic Beef & Broccoli dish is a braised short rib served alongside Chinese broccoli and thick udon noodles. Get at it.
New. Ambiance? Dim lighting, gold-and-red-brocaded wallpaper, candlelit lamps Size? 300-seat Menu? » http://goo.gl/PmYZe...items include grilled lobster, & pepper-steak sticky buns, green-tea donut
Order the sorbet for dessert. You won't regret it
I like this place!
Big fan of the Cubano sandwich!
Look for serious food in a ping pong parlor. Tacos get a Korean spin with beef short rib and oyster kimchi.
Go to the line in the back if you want the hot food. You know, the one with all Chinese signs and no translation.
These guys are getting super-stingy. They used to give an extra slice of tomato free, but now they're charging 50¢… for one extra slice.
The food here has declined on quality since it has been under new ownership. I used to eat here almost every day. Now, not so much
Not expensive and a very good spread for lunch!
Pros: variety, Cons: rude cashiers and generally a shit show at lunchtime
Love the bibimbap here!
Chicken Fajita Tacos are delish. Nom nom
March 21, 2012, 1:23pm bug found in bowl of lettuce in the cold salad bar.  The tongs used to remove it was wiped on an apron and returned to the bed of lettuce.  Appetite Nil
Portion sizes are disgraceful. Take your business elsewhere.
The amount of plastic and styrofoam waste this place produces is wrenching. Don't let them put your meal in a plastic bag if eating-in and try to reuse your container!
food is good, but the people are jerks. if getting a salad, get the guy in the Yankee hat
Go early! Food is picked over "re-presented" frequently. Min charge $1
pretty expensive, i'd love to know how much they charge me for things beforehand before they ring me up. oh well, at least the food is good and there's a wide selection.
Step 1: Grab a salad.Step 2: Start brogramming.Step 3: Profit.
Ordered a "egg cheese and deli ham bagel sandwich" and got egg cheese and jelly" Boooommm
Enormous sandwiches. Get the same sandwich every day, but somehow the price
Try the turkey with wild rice soup its awesome! Usually on Wednesdays I believe
Food is great, but guy that makes salad's could not be any nastier. Rushes you, just nasty.
They do the bacon just perfectly when making a breakfast sandwich but there's something about the rolls that I just don't like.
Worst place ! They have no AC I can't complain about the prices but the employees there are so cranky! Barely do their job. I don't recommend it to anyone a lot of better places to eat around here
Staff is Rude
Get the BiBimBap... From the Korean section. Yum!
Great juice, even if served up with a bitter attitude!
It's worth the walk up to the Bread & Butter on 29th and Park. Much bigger and better. And they have veggie burgers.
Great chopped salads and ok sushi. And playing stero love for music...ya!
Big sandwiches, amazing pizza (!), and great prices!
In addition to the salad & buffet bar, they also have korean food and noodles in the back that are made to order.
Skip the breakfast buffet.
Better than 7-11 around the corner.
Great salad bar with awesome selection - hot and cold.
Place is now closed:(
Place is now closed:(
FYI, "grande" is Spanish for "bucket."
Split a punch bowl and prepare yourself for a good time.
Start with yuca fritas, plantain chips, and either the carnitas in a tostone-shaped vessel or the tuna watermelon ceviche. The sloppy Jose sliders are to die for and the punches are supreme.
Half-price punch bowls on Sundays!
Fun loud ambience, great cocktails - try the Old Cuban - but the Croquetas De Jamon were horrendous, inedible.
madder rose is amazing!!
Does he look like a bitch?
Potent rum cocktails and fantastic Cuban food make you forget Avenue A's just outside.
A perfect getaway into a colorful wonderland, where the drinks taste just as amazing as the tapas. –Marilyn
This tapas and cocktail bar accommodates 13+ in the most charming way possible. Sugarcane specialties poured by the finger, punch bowls in 4 sizes. Beefy snacks of Sloppy Joe sliders on dainty plates.
Punch bowl...and you will forget the night! Seriously!
Get the Frittas sliders. Best hamburger I've ever tasted in New York. No lie.
Transport yourself to Cuba for the evening. Order the zombie. Or anything really - it's all good.
#zombiepunch
Get the viscaya punch!  Delicious and only $5 from 5-7!!!
Intro to Awesome really is awesome tasting and will get you straight into Advanced headache if you over do it
Go upstairs, get a dark and stormy, and wonder why the Cuban embargo is still in effect.
Only fitting given the cocktail's, and this bar's, Cuban roots - they devote an entire section of the menu to the Daiquiri, including both classics and originals.
Upon entering Cienfuegos, one can’t help but feel like Old Havana and Calle Ocho have miraculously joined forces and landed in Alphabet City.
Have an Anchor Punch Bowl with some friends.
The Old Cuban is the way to go
Try an Ernesto,made with a generous amount of El Dorado 3-year rum mixed with lime, grapefruit, and a float of malbec.Full review link:
If you're a whiskey fan, ask for the Red Bush punch.
Get cozy and share a bowl of punch with your friends.
Sloppy Joe's are ridiculous!
Passion fruit cocktail!
“You won’t get seated until your whole party shows up, so if you’ve got some rebel friends, tell them to arrive thirty minutes ahead of schedule.” More at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/cienfuegos.
Steal of a century is the best drink. Try it.
Honey badger.. Sweet,.but spicy!
Isle of Manhattan Fizz.
Damn right no sprite whoever goes to a cocktail lounge and orders dive bar drinks. Should probably go to a dive bar. It is spelled Cienfuegos btw.
They have really good lemon Italian ice and chicken wings here! Those are my top 2 at this place!
Worth the price. Two slices of pizza and a ice cold bud is worth $12 to me. Haven't had a meal much less than that downtown anyways.
People complaint they r expensive.... They have beer though!!! LOL
Rice ball = awesome.
These guys are still expensive as hell -_-
Cek..cek..cek..
the prices here are crazy high Def will not be coming back here i mean $7.50 for a chicken roll with little chicken in it is just wrong
Try the chicken roll
Sunday jazz brunch!
“it really is the closest thing I know of to a writer’s hangout in the old-fashioned sense.”
"Its pommes frites with Dijon mayonnaise, its snails and its burger are still nearly one’s platonic ideals of these things." - Dwight Garner in _A Critic's Literary Tour of Manhattan_
Sunday Jazz Brunch was amazing! Get a mimosa!
"It serves martinis at the table in the shaker. You thus get full measure, and the waiter doesn't spill drops of valuable gin on the floor while walking it to you." -Gay Talese
Truly the best waitstaff in NYC
The grilled veggie platter is one of the best dishes I've ever had.
Always excellent soups.
Bite to eat with austie :) hope this place is good it's my first time
Locals come here on Sunday morning to enjoy the Jazz Brunch.  We recommend getting a cocktail that makes use of their citrus press as well as the Eggs Norviegienne and the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast
Locals come here on Sunday morning to enjoy the Jazz Brunch.  We recommend getting a cocktail that makes use of their citrus press as well as the Eggs Norviegienne and the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast
Come for the food and drinks, stay because you're mesmerized by Dien's brilliant shirts.
Loup means wolf in French
Best bartenders in Manhattan!
Order the fries
Gotta get the Salade Verte! Also a terrific pate and veggie plate.
Try the East West oyster special. Half cooked, half raw, all delicious.
the beet salad & salad lyonnaise are both outstanding
The $28 prix fixe dinner is a great deal.
Very pleasant service which leaves you in peace to enjoy your meal - a welcome pace in NYC. The Mediterranean tuna steak with fennel and tomato was delightfully light, yet filling.
The brunch is such a good deal and the food is great
Côte d'Azur salad is the bomb
For $25 get either AYCD mimosas or bloodies with your meal.  The service is great and food is always consistent!
2127775544 is the wireless pass code.
Atrocious service.  Avoid.
Pretty good food... Expensive, but damn tasty!!
Great fries...
Pretty staff.
Don't order steak. All gristle. Oysters, no horseradish.  Bad service. Good luck!
Best French onion soup
I just realized why this place is always empty. They charge  9.00 for a draft beer!
The bartenders on thursday night are super friendly and super cool chicks!!
Steak Frites9 East 16th St (between 5th ave and Union Square West), New York, NY 10003French Restaurant, Bar, Steakhouse
Very generous with beer. I love it!
Get the Blueberry Pie drink...amazing!
Great steak frites. Skip dessert. French onion soup was all cheese.
No AT&T service.  Use the free wifi.
No AT&T service.  Use their free wifi.
Great tuna tartar. Terrible service.
Michael Finley is the best server in the world. The food is always great. And my drink is never empty.
Great for a not-too-expensive, civilized lunch.
love this food for brunch and gorgeous space (steak sandwich)....but for months and months the most dazed and confused service known to mankind.....but today was a full recovery!....fingers crossed!!!
The Cote d'Azur Salad is incredibly refreshing and hearty.
Ask for Michael... he's a great guy and server.
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace, since I'm positive we won't have a decent table. But we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
Good little afternoon lunch on Sunday's
DEAL: Burger & a beer for $15 if you sit at the bar!
Do NOT go here. It's that simple. Worst Service % Food.
Yummy!!!  Amazing, fresh, tasty food!  Great service too!
Moroccan fish cazuela
The brunch is excellent, especially the shakshouka with merguez. On the lighter side, the cabbage salad is refreshing.
It's a cute setting...  Food was very homemade and yummy!!!
Wonderful grilled merguez sandwich at lunch!
Have been to this place twice it's awesome , this is skirt steak!! It's so delicious.
The crispy cauliflower was outstanding, as were the pakora.  Don't make my mistake of filling up on small plates and having to pass on dessert - they looked fantastic.  Definitely returning soon.
Very disappointing experience my friend and I had here. Although we both unlocked the chocolate mouse cake, they gave us only one claiming that it is only one for per table.
can't go wrong with the lamburger
Can't recommend the crispy cauliflower enough. Sooo good.
Fried olives-amazing. The dipping sauce really does the trick.
Great place!
Same owners as Taim falafel. Great food. Tiny bit pricey for lunch.
The best of the best , great amazing food, awesome service and very affordable . Try the hummus and the skirt steak ...they are to die for
The merguez sausage sandwich is phenomenal!
Nice atmosphere and deliciously garlicly hummus. Try the berry crembrulee for dessert (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Their sautéed shrimp special is full of awesomeness!
tunisian sandwich
Definitely get the cauliflower (probably the first and last time I'll ever say that).
Perfectly executed, simple dishes with Mediterranean bent.  Cauliflower, brick chicken are must haves...
Try the Hummus (via @Foodspotting)
Really good Israeli food in a relaxed atmosphere. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Skirt steak, burrata, cauliflower. Delicious.
Try the knafeh - Middle Eastern cheesecake with Persian cotton candy & pistachio ice cream. Booyah. (via @Foodspotting)
Get the Boneless Natural Half Chicken. It's so tender, juicy, and amazingly flavorful. Oh, save space for those great desserts
Chicken with Israeli couscous..simply divine
Poached eggs are incredible!
The daily ceviche service is reliable, creative and fun. For example, here's one of fluke, strawberry and fennel!
Winner of Best Fries in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue!
Winner of Best Use of Za'atar in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Usually used on meat and fish, the spice blend goes great on the potatoes here.
Best hummus I've ever had!
Freeman's cocktail is a go-to. Feel like I'm in a hunting lodge. Gets way too crowded, but they recently started taking reservations.
Tucked away at the end of Freemans Alley behind the club The Box. The interior has a very rustic feel with low candles and the walls encased with bookshelves.
The cheesecake is great !
Artichoke dip is so delicious.
Try the Soft scrambled eggs with roasted potatoes and thick-cut bacon - Soft eggs, delicious, and airy. Perfect. #brunch (via @Foodspotting)
It's going to be busy but you might be able to swing a table for 2 or place at the bar. Very cozy at the end of the lane. Try the Freeman's cocktail.
The food is good, but nothing to write home about. Stick to the cocktails, devils on horseback, and artichoke dip!
Too crowded... And more than an hour waiting... Dont order Salem cocktail cuz it gave me stomach ache :s. Is expensive and not good dishes... Macaroni&Cheese 15$, and not really good...
Great creative date spot! From the small alleyway entrance to their impressive taxidermy collection of deer heads, you and your date are in for quite the experience!
The lentil salad was surprisingly mind blowing. I'd order again in a heartbeat. The chicken with roasted sprouts was another winner and be sure to order a Freemans Cocktail before you go.
The best brunch and super cozy in the winter! —Sara F.
Get free coupons for your favorite Fast Food at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
If you notice the bookshelf at the end of the hallway by the bathrooms — it swivels to reveal a whole wing of the building that is currently under construction for future private dining areas.
Try the artichoke dip!
Second floor is a great drink spot.
A true hipster scene-- great food and a great crowd.
If you get fries, do ask for ketchup. It has amazing texture. Loved it!
Lower East Side: This gem of a brunch place only makes reservations for parties of 6 or more.  I recommend you find 5 other folks and make your ressies now.  $6 – $13 brunch items
Artichoke dip is a MUST ORDER. So different and yummy.  Also, arctic char was a fabulous entree!  Great atmosphere all around at this place!
cool place.
They have a Sage Daquiri with Anejo Rum, maraschino liqueur, lime juice and pineapple (sage conspicuously missing....)
The white omlette with goat cheese = skillet cooked perfection.
Artichoke Dip, Five Cheese Macaroni, Heirloom Tomatoes w/ Chives & Sea Salt... Freemans requires more than one trip to try all of the delicious dishes, something we are more than willing to do!
The devils on horseback & squid apps are delicious!
Don't like the wait! It takes forever to get the food! What a shame!!!! Eat elsewhere...not worth it in my opinion
The fruit punch is surprisingly good. It's not too sweet with a hint guava and mint
Try the Aviation!
Some of the best skillet eggs in the City!
Bloody Mary is solid. But, get the Red Snapper, that's the real move.
Coke in glass bottles, great grits and really friendly staff. Fair prices for brunch and the poached eggs and grits were very good. I'd go again without hesitating !
You might hate the decoration since they have dead deers hanging on the wall (I did) but it's very cosy and peculiar. They have good vegetarian options.
Try the Smoked Salmon
Really busy; no place to sit and service is all over the place
grab a few beers after the lunch rush and kick it in the window and watch people go by in a hurry .. but not you.  you're chilling with your beers, see.
No extra charge for guacamole if you go veg!
Must try the Chicken Burrito Bowl w/ guacamole
Who knew they have coronas!
Lunch time line is CRAZY
If you want stingy portions and rude people, come here!
Apparently now using rice bran oil instead of soybean oil... I thin that's a good thing?
Ana and her crew are awesome. My fave Chipotle in NYC.
Order online you won't have to wait on the long lines, just walk in & pick it up
Decent Burrito. Nothing special
Check out Prana Power Yoga just down the street from Chipolte at 862 Broadway, 2nd Floor.  HOT yoga classes for all levels.  Check out Hour of Power, Prana to Music, and Candlelight Flow classes!
Squeeze fresh lemon on the Chips. (Makes them even better and it's free.)
Diet conscious? You'll save a whopping 290 calories if you order a burrito bowl instead of a burrito. (And it's just as good.)
Two bucks for a little guacamole on a burrito? Crazy.
If you're on a diet, avoid the chips! 570 calories and 27g of fat! Yikes! Try a burrito bowl with black beans and grilled veggies instead.
Although small, this is one of the fastest Chipotles in the city.
Eat your burrito and stfu
If you have a vegetarian bowl, you're awesome!
You need a receipt to use the bathroom. Don't trash it till the end of your meal.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Awesome burritos! Don't underestimate the burrito bowl, though. Get it with chips!
Get off your cell phone. You're holding up the line!
This is a small chipotle so be prepared to share a table with a stranger but so worth it. Tacos and burritos are amazing!!!
They have an app now so can order on the go.
They keep the cold beverages (bottled) nice and COLD
I love that they always have fresh lemon
Bring a bottle of Chipotle-away.
Been getting the baba ghanouj sandwich here since 1994 - still tastes the same, so delicious :)
The enormous vegetarian platter: falafel (4 big balls!), grape leaves, baba ganoush, tabouli, raw onions, and pickled peppers on a bed of tomatoey salad drenched with tahini and hot sauce.
Sometimes your body craves a cauliflower sandwich and a Dr Pepper. Tasty.
grab a great falafel and walk !
Fried cauliflower pita.
Chicken shwarma sandwich is pretty good.
Skip any long line at Hale & Hearty, Medina or Potbelly's and come here...$4.50 for the falafel. Fast & fillin!
People line up during lunch for the best Falafel in the city.  And at $4, it’s the best deal around. Add a side of Grape Leaves or Fried Cauliflower!
Have a falafel with everything on wheat, it's awesome!
Get the baklava. Don't forget a bottle of water and napkins to clean the honey off your hands after.
Best falafel & babaganough in da city!
Stay away!! Possibly the worst ever! Hummus is awful. Falafel is dry!
Best bababhanough and hummus yum!
Cauliflower sandwich is unknown and unique and delicious.
An honest falafel, unlike the fancy-ass Euro place on the other side of Union Sq.
Go to Rainbow Falafel.  Get a Falafel sandwich (everything but onions, please!)  Spend less than $5 on lunch.  Be full and happy.
Falafel's  at Rainbow Falafel in Union Sq. (26 E 17th St). Good and CHEAP!
Way too expensive and it seems like they raise the prices every 2 months -- wtf?!
My tip: avoid this place at all costs, unless atrocious service and mediocre food are your passions.
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Everything we ordered was excellent. Excellent service. Will be back.
Best French toast I've had in the city so far. And I've tried a few.
The dishes cannot stand alone without loads of condiments. Dissatisfied and disappointed
bring earplugs. this place is unbearably loud.
Absolutely love love this place.  Great breakfast/brunch, clean decor, clean bathrooms, fast service, spacious, outdoor seating.  Farmer's omelette and the salmon eggs Benedict, try them!
Order the pullover - you won't regret it
Bad service, bad food
Bloody Mary with a salad on top.
Try the Menu - The coolest presentation of cereal I've ever seen! (via @Foodspotting)
Happy hour prices are good, but only available at the bar.
Turkey burgers are slamming
this place is overhyped, but decent food. popover scramble is yummy.
Cobb salad chock full of seafood - amazing. And they play Rangers games
great pancakes
Had dinner tonight Article Char was awesome loved every bite kudos to our waiter that recommended the dish!
Brunch spot.
I like the uptown location better...to many baby carriages...not a spot for brunch with the girls
This is my new favorite brunch place in the neighborhood. Love their french toast and bakery basket filled with goodies ...
Love the big bad wolf porridge and the salmon benny!
great deer dish
Check out all the white people with multiethnic babies!
Pretty good happy hour.
Mac n cheese w bits of bacon and broccli.
Nice food but terrible service. Waited 45 min just to get the check.
Get the pancakes! They are amazing, great texture and flavor
enjoy yourself :)
Great salmon eggs benedict and chocolate truffle cake.
Can't beat $1 weiners!!!
#ProTip: ask for the green sauce.
Best food cart in North America
why didn't I find this place sooner?? the yucca fries rock...
Seriously the best fries in the world
Get the machaca burrito. As close to San Diego/LA Mexican food as you'll get in NY
Don't miss the elote (spicy corn) and / or the yuca fries next to whatever you're having
Put the green hot sauce on everything. So spicy, so good.
Reminds me of the Mexican food I used to get when I lived on Fort Bliss in El Paso, TX. It's good!
Try the Burrito Al Pastor - It's delicious.  (via @Foodspotting)
Get the taco de pescados!!! One of nyc's best 26 tacos!
Seemed understaffed today plus where is the chicken in my chicken burrito? I will give them another shot some time.
Finally real Mexican food!!! Everything is good just GO!!!!
Good place to watch some soccer, solid food, fast and pleasant service. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Fish Taco (via @Foodspotting)
Warning: if you order delivery, your food might arrive as an unrecognizable mess.  What good is a taco if theres nothing in the shell when it arrives?
Get the fish tacos. The yucca fries are great- but filling and they give you a ton- good for sharing. They have a great watermelon drink, too.
Don't come for the frozen margaritas. Not the worth the torturously slow wait for this mediocre frozen concoction.
Super strong margs best taco-Tuesday deal.
Spicy pork taco = yes. Steak taco = no.
Good torts milanesa
Careful.... The green salsa is no joke!
The horchata is la bamba
Mmmmm chicken taco beans & rice combo...
Taco Tuesday's = buy 2 get 1 free tacos. And get the yuca fries :-)
The Yuca Fritters are really good. Good tacos and cheap prices.
Tip to PInche- add a foursquare special!!!
My burrito was "packed with love" cute
Every Tues, buy 2 tacos, get 1 free (except not fish/shrimp). But def try the fish!
get the yuca fries
The kitchen is a bit slow so it is good to call in advance for take out. Fish taco is skimpy. But fish burrito is loaded!
The fish taco is certainly the star here but the elote with spices and mayo is tasty as well. Go for Taco Tuesdays, buy 2 get 1 free - free 1 can't be fish but that doesn't mean the other 2 can't be!
Shrimp and fish are the favs!
This place is consistently mediocre at best. Not sure why it's so popular. I've given it multiple tries and each time it's been a let down. The execution of the food is always weak. Service is ok.
lamb burger is only on the lunch menu :(
bartender makes a great Irish coffee!
The 4 slice toasted bagel always filled my need for crunch.
Try the Chickpea Soup - Hell yeah. (via @Foodspotting)
The filet mignon here is FANASTIC! The red wine sauce is excellent.
Try the Eggs Hauge - Poached eggs with salmon over biscuits.  Fantastic twist on Norwegian with a touch of pesto.  (via @Foodspotting)
Hands down best brunch in NoHo. Sit outside on a nice day.
Love the energy bomb smoothie. Terrific mid morning snack.
Burgers good. Meatloaf great. Strong on potatoes.
The Spanish Caffé Latte is superb!!
Good place for breakfast/brunch. I really liked that they had 3 sizes of pancakes so you don't get like 10 pancakes and feel sick after eating. Also the coffee was good. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The menu is so varied here - def worth a visit!
Great  food and cocktails! My fave grilled calamari salad!
Doing a bit of day drinking? A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG is right up your alley.
Simply great american restaurant, great breakfast and I loved the decor!
favorite caesar salad in the world!
Idaho Eggs is excellent. I highly recommend!
Great huevos rancheros
unique bloody mary recipe - w/ aged balsamic vinegar and jalapeños. very diff but super delish.
Delicious breakfast with a staff that always keep your coffee full. Try the scrambled eggs with basil.
Really good food and great service. Great for breakfast, brunch and lunch. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
You HAVE to try the eggs benedict with apples on french toast..make sure you ask for bacon so the sweetness evens out..it sounds weird but its seriously amazing!
Eggs benedict are so yummy!
Not a fan of the bloody mary, way too much chopped onion and peppers. Get 'em without.
The go-to groups of food (burgers, omelets, salads) belie the wide variety of choices and flavors served up at this longtime NoHo presence. Quality was up-and-down in '11, but mostly a winning choice.
A little over priced for the selection....Eggs Benedict, and chicken sausage were delicious
If you don't eat pork, try the chicken sausage. They're really nice about making the substitution.
The BEST !!! Need I say more. ?! Nope.
The bacon cheeseburger with aged cheddar is a must
The crepe was light, lemony, and not too sweet.  The decor is cozy.  It has the sense of the Lower East Side without the pretension, but it is in Chinatown.  I go out of my way to visit this place.
This place, nestled in between china town madness, makes pretty good authentic and Americanized (meatball) crepes.
La Crepe C'est Si Bon on 115 Eldridge Street will start offering $1 sugar butter crepes starting 07/22/12
Gotta try this place. First time. Got nutella crepe to go. Absolutely amazing. Design of the place is so cute too!
Delicious sweet and savory crêpes here at this charming little establishment.  They'll make it anyway you want so don't hesitate to try something different - dulce de leche with bacon?  Why not!
Best crepes and meatball subs.
So glad this place is here.  the staff is always friendly.
Great crêpe in pure Brittany-style...loving the minimal deco and free WIFI!
Delicious crepes (try the chestnut crepe), and really nice ambiance (unobtrusive jazz music in the background)
Most amazing owner! Sweet and savory crepes!
Liquor license is in! Get a bottle of hot sake to go with your sushi.
$3/roll happy hour may be the tastiest bargain in which I've ever partaken. Don't be fooled by the rock bottom prices, the fish is top notch.
BYOB! Awesome sushi. Came with a group of 8 and gave us all complimentary appetizers and dessert!
Yummy Yummy!
Dark angel and fiery roll were awesome. Service was top notch. And it's BYOB!
Excellent appetizers.
Pepe L'Pue spotted in the halls do not pet or feed the live animal.
Don't touch anything.
The orange duck was phenomenal and so were the frog legs!
Restaurant is a revelation. Decor doesn't match the level of food. Must have: tournedos Rossini. Other recommended: frog legs, foie gras torchon. Start w/ radishes w/ butter to stimulate the appetite!
the bone marrow. the roast amish chicken.
Industrial chic spot tucked away on Bond st. The chocolate mousse was delectable. Actually everything was! You won't be disappointed. Also, celebrity sighting alert!
This little hideout has a sexy cavernous  atmosphere. Our table shared a bunch of dishes and they were all great! The orange duck is a must have!
Although the food was good (average by NY standards), it wasn't good enough to make up for the 45 min it took to get here. And I just didn't get the ambiance. To be fair, they opened this Wednesday.
No liquor license yet. BYOB. Take advantage.
Try the juicy duck a l'orange - it will make your mouth water. The restaurant is from the same owner as Heidi and Extra Place.
I know they do pizza, but the short rib sandwich and tomato soup are phenomenal!
Parie and Adam's wedding. Plus Eddie's Pizza Truck. PizzaSnobo is very happy indeed.
Super thin pizza. Way overpriced for what you get. Wont be going back.
In front of 350 Hudson St. on Fridays
This is a true foodie’s safe haven, the seared foie wrapped in white chocolate is indescribable and full of flavor
The chef, Dr. Miguel Sanchez, was a neurologist before opening his now-closed, Michelin-starred restaurant in Spain. To dig in, you’ll have to pony up, though. It’s an 11-course, $245 tasting menu.
Menu cards describe each dish in great detail, and each dish has its own (sometimes esoteric) name. It helps to have deep pockets to appreciate this restaurant, with its $245 11-course tasting menu.
Romera high-end, but what about the mass market idea of waters that give you a diet where you think you’ve eaten a big meal @futuresco
Key to menu are flavored waters with each course -  Waters infused with ingredients that do the work of taste buds @futuresco
Food developed and prepared by a practicing neurologist and chef  - drawing upon understanding of how experiences food @futuresco
Food developed and prepared by a practicing neurologist and chef  - drawing upon understanding of how experiences food
Not cheap! $250 for 12 courses. But the idea is food that satisfies the brain rather than the stomach – sensation of satiety @futuresco
Here at center of universe for neurogastronomy – has been all over NYTimes for weeks – Gotta see the Web site http://is.gd/8BghmZ @futuresco
It's called Aqua Gourmand and comes with a $245, 12-course prix-fixe menu along side doozies like Isis. Hit the link for more details.
Dining at Romera is a 12-course adventure in innovative uses of raw, wholesome ingredients.
Sloooow and inpolite staff, but great food!
overwhelmingly good selection of cream cheese spreads - try the sun dried tomato spread on multigrain bagel.
Staff are amongst the most rude I've ever encountered. Try and get away with not giving you your change or parts of your order. It's a shame as the food is really nice.
These dudes are effin nasty, they don't bus their tables and they rude except for the Spanish guy in da back. No wonder they're "grade pending"
Best bagels ever!
Bathroom at the SBUX across the street :)
No sense of urgency when it is busy during the morning rush
I don't understand how this stores manager keeps their job. It's so slow and the employees only clean, prep, stock when it is crowded.
Avoid this one... Long lines and Barista training center
Caramel apple spice!
This place is the coolest... The ppl are really live and energetic...
Cant start a day without
I don't get how they decide how many people to have working. Some days it's 3 some days it's 8. Dear Starbucks, it always needs to be 8.
The wi-fi in this starbucks is the worst!
The seating area outside is really nice.
Seriously forgot how much this location sucks.
Five Baristas were on duty at Five on a Thursday :) Pretty Quick
It seems they have a hard job remembering orders of more than 1 coffee... Be patient...
Probably the only starbucks with no bathroom
No egg white spinach wraps here.
A barista shouldn't be trained at 9 a.m. U see a long line here, run! My green tea frap tastes like a large glass of fat free green milk
This is possibly the smallest Starbucks I have ever been to. Also, there is no bathroom here!
Lots of seats? There are a total of SIX bar stools and zero tables.
The cashier didn't get our order right, even after repeating for her 7 times, and it was sloooooooow!
I hope u have time. This place may be the slowest one in the city
I second that about the barristas being slow, its like th blind leadin the blind.
The baristas at this location are SLOW!!
Amazing food, nice servers
Try their risotto with squid ink if you see it on the daily special menu. You will be shocked twice: when they serve you the dish and when you taste it:)
I just love, love, love this place!!!
Love this place.  Great food at a fabulous price.
The salmon here is great! Cooked perfectly and not over seasoned.
Really delicious pasta dishes. Try the lasagna with bolognese sauce, it's really hearty and yummy.
Good food quiet enough to do a business lunch nice without being pretentious
Tem no máximo quinze mesas. Tão pequeno qto gostoso. Peça o Penne Carbonara q não tem erro.
It's all delicious! The pesto, the veggies, the meats...it's all FRESH!
Amazing! Best Thai iced tea I have had!
Get the yum nua!   Great Thai in a sea of mediocre Thai places.
Love their fried rice
Great chicken fried rice!
Chicken Pad Thai was amazing, ask for spicy sauce to go with it. Chicken Fried Rice was really good too. And cheap!
Best Thai place in Manhattan.
BEST GREEN CURRY in NYC.  Don't miss.
Wonder if its as good as moms home cooking!?!?
Great Basil Chicken!
if you're ever in hells kitchen and want some good hole-in-the-wall thai, get the chicken pad see ew!
Pancakes r worth every penny!
Good for large groups that like old movies.
Try the farmers souffle - best thing on the menu.
THE CALAMARI !!!!! WHEW... so good.
Hadn't been here in a while. The portions used to be decent. Not sure what happened?! Pretty dissatisfied...
Check out the tuna tartar- Amazing!
Check out the crab-burgers and fries.  Absolutely scrumptious.  And the service is prompt and friendly.  Great find in midtown Manhattan.
I love seeing chunks of fresh garlic cloves in the marinara sauce on their spaghetti and meatballs. No garlic powder here baby, just the real stuff!
Among the best veggie cheeseburgers in the city. As good as it gets for veggies. Dig in.
The secret sauce on the cheese-steak is great. A little too watery with all the peppers though! Also Potato Salad is really good!
Great prices!
Deal of the day is a sandwich of the day and choice of soup for $5.95. Can't beat it.
In an ultra competitive soup and salad world these guys punch above their weight.
Nothing like a good fistfight with a clerk and a customer to make for a great shopping experience.
Take the stairs that are right next to the subway elevator on E 49th Street to get into this place.
Really slow.  They don't realize they are a fast food place and it's lunch time
Yes its tru! Service sucks! I think they need to work on there communication skills, hired better staff
Slowest service ever
By far one of the most poorly run fast food shops I've ever been to. Don't come here under a time crunch...
Get busy in the bathroom!
Get busy in the bathroom!
Best value for pork dumplings in the neighborhood.  I can get my fix without a trip to Chinatown.
Hawaiian BBQ! BBQ "healthy" combo w chicken, beef and shrimp w steamed mixed greens (mac salad & 3 scoops rice) $7.99. Yum
Apple sticks are a cheap and good dessert.
Decent take out considering the price.  Might be cat but it's tasty cat
Go Hawaiian and order H11.  If you want to finish with style, go for some Lychees for dessert!
Where do you go to unwind after a stressful day? At WP, we love Brasserie Cognac’s delicious food and even more delicious wine!
Great lunch , very consistent food without pretense or attitude .
Went for brunch. Food was tasty but the portions were small for the price, so left hungry.
The cheese fondue and service were top notch!
Excellent.
Midtown West:  Enjoy the great ambiance and a $21.95 Prix Fixe brunch! One drink. One appetizer. One brunch item.
Order the Tuna Tart. Enough for 2 people. My favorite appetizer! Also the coconut shell for dessert.
The outdoor seating is perfection! The service here is impeccable and the brunch menu is to die for! Best Lemon Ricotta pancakes around! Reasonable prices, especially for midtown. I HIGHLY recommend!
Veal to die for with delicious gnocchi gratin
El pan es una nube de masa muy ligera y caliente, delicioso! Y traen un bisque de langosta como entrada de cortesía.
The need the signature chicken salad in my life at least once a week.
Possibly the best croissants and pain au chocolate in NYC - closest to the real French thing you'll find. Makes this a must for breakfast
Excelente place, nice, fare price excelent service. Tasty tartar and calamary yo start, good lamb at The  End The best place in Usa for me....enjoy!
The lattes here are the best!
The service is fabulous and the food is healthy and delicious, really takes you back to France!
The Pearl Theatre Company hosted 3 opening night parties here. This is a great place to dine and/or drink before and after a Pearl show.
Food is unbelievable, start with cheese puffs and order the tomato tart and tuna tart for the table. The salmon ceviche is incredible.  AMAZING food! Chef Florian V. Hugo is very talented!
Delicious pastries!! Forget the pastry basket that includes a muffin and brioche, and order 6 croissants, chocolate croissants, apple turn overs, and raisin danish a la carte! :)
20% off here with the DailyGobble app
Get 20% off here with the DailyGobble app!
I hit up the side cafe for a quickish iced coffee or latte and colorful macarons. Beats Starbucks on the next corner.
The cheese puffs are a must
Over 100 cognacs are available by the glass—and many are used in dishes like salmon ceviche with endives and dill-and-lobster flambé with sautéed potatoes and green peppercorns.
Get the Chicken Salad. We call it the "magic salad" because it's so good.
Please have the hamburger with the fries - delicious
Don't get the turkey club unless you like your turkey extra dry. The bread was toastfully hard too!
The Boulangerie next to it, same owner, has the best croissants and lattes. Real French style.
French cuisine is very good and delicious, holiday atmosphere!
Tonight, 11/19/10:  Food was excellent, service was unbelievably poor.  Nonattentive waitress who seemed oblivious and didn't seem to care.  The trio, however (keyboards, bass and drums): superb!
Not good food at all...
Black truffle risotto is awesome!
Upscale with beautiful decor; Rouge Tomate is great because it offers so many healthy and fresh options on their menu.
Truffle season is in full swing here w/ their Black Winter Truffle Risotto w /savory wild mushroom puree, parmesan, squid ink & topped with shaved White Alba truffles. Ideal for a crisp fall afternoon
Let the tasting menu be your guide, they've done all the thinking for tou
Michelin 2012 ★
The service is very slow. The food is ok. I'm not coming back.
If you are looking for a wonderful and unique culinary experience, this is the place. All ingredients are organic and many are locally sourced. Restaurant was constructed using Eco-friendly materials.
Treat your loved one to a special 4-course Valentines dinner this February 14th ($115 per person includes chocolate truffles to take home!)
The restaurant must block Internet access because all 6 of us could not get any reception...
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Rouge Tomate
The Long Island Duck is definitely a great dish here... The wine list has a perfect selection... The quality of the food in general is perfect...
Excellent, fresh, small bites. The space is huge, so good for a large crowd. Great wine list.
Rouge Tomate is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
The business lunch prix fixe is a great value at USD 29. Note that the dinner menu is made up of small servings, which are to be combined by you to create a full meal (or opt for the $89 tasting menu)
Bittersweet Chocolate Sphere, a favorite dessert!
Try the Nantucket Bay Scallops!! A sweet taste of the ocean!
When it comes to wine, put yourself in wine director Pascaline's hands, and let her work her magic!
freshly puréed bloody mary. parsnip soup. heirloom cauliflower gnudi. if you must be in this part of town, you could do a lot worse.
One Michelin star.
Wonderfully crafted food.  Do the tasting menu with wine pairing for the full experience.  We recommend any of their seafood dishes.
order the bittersweet chocolate sphere how many times do i need to stress this. don't blink your eyes when they serve it, do not blink.
Must try the bittersweet chocolate sphere...you'll be amazed
food is ok; look for freshest, local ingredients. and make sure Pascaline Lepeltier is pouring your wine.
It a party!
Don't miss the Arctic Char Crudo appetizer!
Don't miss the restaurant's cart in Central Park, which sells lunch-box favorites like chilled sweet corn soup. (At the restaurant: dishes like delicious locally-sourced squab.)
#BDDB #SocialGood
A great healthy restaurant all Fall IINto Action conference participants should try while in town! Check out our NYC healthy restaurants guide for more suggestions.
Tasting menu is inventive and delicious - paired with cocktails or wine really tops it off. Highly recommended!
Rouge Tomate applies their culinary philosophy to the beverage offerings both with and without alcohol. - Inspector
They have surprisingly good omelettes!
Go for the fried onions and perhaps try them on a grilled cheese - this has been a favorite of mine since growing up as a toddler in NYC!
One of the most bland and tasteless burgers I have ever eaten
A good spot for a quick and easy burger!
Omg - it's rush hour (lunch) and everyone working here is soooo nice & attentive!!!! That's awesome service! :)
A classic NY institution produces a burger that might not live up to its name, but is decent none the less.
Tomato and feta omlette is awesome.
Love the burger deluxe!
More like "Burgatory"...
Beautiful, quiet parks on both sides.
I love their iced tea here. And try the breakfast items if you can!
I dropped a Collectivus #Thingie Hashtag Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Good food, good price.
Worst service and waiter was really inattentive no tip will be given .....
Great service nice staff!
Great fast service food served hot.  Will come back for sure
Joan Rivers ate here!
The veggie burger is fantastic! The service here is really fast and really great :)
They do have the best black and white shakes-I've been known to have 2 at a sitting. This is also "the apprentice" Burger Heaven in NYC from the season featuring Cyndi Lauper, Darryl Strawberry etc.
Try the onion rings
Try the lean and mean omelette, delicious.
Who knew a burger joint had such great Shrimp Caesar Salads
pulled pork sandwich is the bizness!!!
The Spiced Manhattan is excellent
Pig & Fig surprisingly bland, lamb burger was severely undercooked, and the Greek salad looked sad & tasted like bong water. Avoid this place.
Come for fish or cocktails -- Smokey D is consistently delicious, and so is the snapper
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu…and the best Manhattans on the UWS. - Tyler French, Hunting Season
Cute place!
This is a great place for smoked fish, the salmon is to die for and the wine is delicious!
Make your tastebuds sing. Try a traditional Tom Collins made with bold BULLDOG Gin.
Great staff.  Great food!  My favorite brunch spot in the UWS!
Amazing food!!
Both a wine bar and a chic Mediterranean restaurant, Fish Tag offers an eclectic menu for both the foodie and wino. Award-winning Michael Psilakis pairs each dish with a wine.
Sit at the bar, order an array of cheeses, meats & apps (and fab cocktails) and you won't be disappointed!
The idea is great, the execution is lacking. Avoid the lamb burger.
Amazing food, service and cocktail list! The wine and beer list is also amazing. Get the muscles and the prawn bruscetta!
So after making us wait 45 min for reservation, the waiter then gets an attitude with us about ordering quickly before the kitchen closes
Expect to wait 30-60 min for your reservation
When in the mood for awesome seafood this is the place to eat.  This seafood centric Mediterranean restaurant offers delicious garnished fresh fish and an exotic raw bar.
Keep swimming... Boring atmosphere with equally boring (and inexperienced) waitstaff.  The food is overly ambitious.  I foresee an early closure with this spot.
Get this combo good if your I kid
don't miss the limited edition cinnamon streusel topping!
asdadasdadasdas
The dark chocolate raspberry cups are killer!
Mochi isn't kosher and this is a kosher location. Seems wrong to not have mochi with fro yo.
Please don't throw anything except toilet paper in the toilet. Can you handle it?
The salted caramel yogurt is the BEST.
They don't have cinnamon toast crunch toppings or the red velvet cake flavor froyo like oher 16 Handles locations... but still amazing! Addicted
Control your kids! Jeez they hold up the entire line! I saw a kid lick the toppings serving spoon too! Gross
The Mango Tango today is awesome! :) A totally refreshing flavor for the spring / summer season :)
Tastes like winning !
A hundred and one times better than Pinkberry. I'm not kidding.
Rainbow Cookies , mini peanut butter cups and mini reeses pieces toppings !
Mix coffee and pumpkin with only chocolate toppings. #incredible
not only is the fro-yo amazing, but the staff is super sweet too!!
Newly found! Love it
Try the Pumpkin Frozen Yogurt - Delicious but the one at 16 Handles was better  (via @Foodspotting)
I am so fat!
Just get every flavor. You know you want to.
The pomegranate rasberry tastes like a red flinstone vitamin. My suggestion is to skip it
best selection of unique build-your-own fro yo flavors & toppings in nyc.
Super tasty! Eurotart with peanuts, yogurt chips, coconut, honey, and caramel.
Full toppings bar of fresh fruit and cereals, and the place has a line out the door in the winter. 'nough said.
Birthday cake FTW!
The UES location looks so futuristic!
Can someone please out-mayor this girl?!?! She has been the "mayor" for months yet I've never seen her . . . Hmmmm
Everything is great
Worth the wait
I like the Dulce de Leche!
This place is the fro-yo lover's paradise!! Peanut butter flavor is a must!!
the lady who waited on us was so rude! cause we ordered just soup and spring rolls doesn't give her an excuse to be rude to customers.
Best dishes include peking duck, vegetarian moo shu pork, general tso's tofu, cold noodles with sesame sauce, and fish filet with hot pepper sauce
top-notch pan-fried noodles; also dumplings in spicy sauce
Try the salmon skin handrolls.  My favorite.... Great remodeling job too..much nicer ambiance then before.
enjoy the remodeling job. nice!
Mango Paradise Island sushi is legit! Sashimi was delicious. Art lovers come here before you hit up The Met.
Try their katsu!
One of the best sushi place in NY. I like it for its cosiness and quality
The bento boxes are just the right size for lunch, and I love their nabeyaki udon. Very nice service for a four table place (plus sushi bar).
Finally got Tsoureki! For $7!
The spinach pie is good. Try the Gigantes Plaki, hard to find good ones on the uws!
The moussaka, pastichio excellent; bechamel on these items is so light and creamy! The spinach pie, cheese pie great too!  I really liked the walnut cake [karydopita] :)
Try the moussaka or anything else in this little spot. It's all delicious.
Was pretty good. I' certainly go again.
$2.25 for a huge slice. They make pies throughout the day so you're guaranteed a fresh slice!
Has anyone tried the tilapia?  I'm hesitant.
falafel over rice with white sauce and tons of extra olives. it's amazing!
Whatever you get, request their hot sauces! I prefer the red, but their white one is also good.  Plus how often do you see white hot sauce?
for some reason, i always get the chicken and gyro combo platter. it's like breakfast, lunch and snacktime all in one and you cannot resist
Ask for extra napkins. Some are for your fingers and some are to wipe your forehead, especially if you get the hot sauce.
Makan dulu & berharap badge dari spot ini
Chicken and rice for $5. Essential workweek lunch.
everything on it please including black beans.
Hot Sauce and White Sauce.
The best cart halal food in the area. Reasonable prices.
24 hrs. Food is great and the Salad portions are a lot.
Don't order the Kosara Crown unless you want a fried cockroach leg with it. Oh, but the waiter/manager will tell you it's just the crunch. Same service as in Israel...
Always open except on Shabbos.. Really helpful when you want a quick bite to eat.. The portions are plenty and food is great.  They have the best French Onion Soup.
Someone needs to explain to the waitress that she shouldn't crack her knuckles as she's taking my order.
Don't get the French onion soup, not good. You would think a great restaurant would get French onion right...... Oh well
Try Leo Roll and Spider Roll
Great Sushi, pasta dishes smell great but I only eat sushi when i'm here because it's sooooo good. Warning: it takes at 15 minutes to get done :(
Incredible food, good prices for Manhattan Kosher, friendly warm staff. If you like Sushi try, the Manhattan Roll.
They said they're open 24 hours and also do deliery 24 hours but never answered the phone,when we got there at 7:30 it was closed til 9.
New wait staff
Mexican panini or fresh mozeralla sandwich :) yum
Food is decent but dammit the service is awful. Came in starving and advised them so, still took 20 mins til we had our water - after the table who arrived long after us.
Wouldn't serve us ice water. So annoying that my favorite shiur is here every Thursday night! The worst service ever! Ever. Ever.
Literally the slowest place with the rudest staff! (culture set from the top down...) hate to say it buy #dontbother
Good sushi. Everything else is meh. Also, there's nothing on the menu I'd really want to eat at 3am.
The French Onion Soup is amazing!
Spicy Avocado Panini is delish!
Generous and tasty portions pleasantly presented, comfortable atmosphere, welcoming waitstaff, kosher, and open 24 hours (except on Shabbos) - a great place!
Hashgacha (kosher certification) by the OK.
Open 24 / 6 - good for late night or early morning
Kimbobs are decent sand filling for the money you pay. Although I prefer their duk bok gi (sticky rice bar in sweet chilly sauce) .
Loving the fact that they take LevelUp for payment. Kofoo = great, free Kofoo = even better. Use my code to help me afford udon! 43209
Bull GO Gi Kimbob.
Hot and spice chicken noodle soup always
Kimbob is amazing, try the Bulgogi for a classic.
Great quickie Korean lunch place!
The Soon doo boo ji gae is excellent.
The bulgogi kimbop is stupidly delicious.
bibimbop=mmmmbop. that's right, fuck Hanson.
The Soondubu Jigae is delish!
Excellent miso soup, $1? Yes, please.
best lunch carryout place evar... KoFoo = Korean Food
get some mad good udon
Friendly service :)
Friendly deli. Above average.
Good people here. Just saying.
great iced coffee!
great sandwhiches, iced coffee, friendly service. they also remember your preferences when you're a regular
After 3 fresh goods are 1/2 off!
Too bad, it closed.
Classic sandwich. Amazing.
Try the classic sandwich--good stuff.
Tasty as all hell
not the best
the chicken curry sandwich is to die for.
The curry chicken is one of my go to sandwiches. It should be a part of your collection
Closed for business as of 1/2/12. You will be missed La Bella's.
Bad service and average pizza. Skip it.
Best bartender in town! Ali is amazing! :)
Ali is the best bartender!
Great Customer Service..  The drinks and pizza are on point..
Come here with your ticket stub for a pizza after seeing a movie across the street and you'll get 10% off your bill.
Barmaid is way too loud. Wine is stale. Food is great.
Great happy hour sangria!
Tasty place to hit up before a movie. Seating in the windows for quality people watching.
can't go wrong with any of the lunch specials here
Dont bother
Check out WWW.YouTube.com/amariecomedy she waitresses here.
Ok place to hit before the movies. The tomato sauce on the Bensonhurst pizza pie was watery. I'd stay away.
Ask for Larry, he is so nice!!!!!
Best avocados in the whole damn city. FACT. Great nectarines as well. Forget Whole Foods!
Lots of variety, friendly staff, and they carry a surprising variety of beer and hard cider!
Say hi to jay and Get off your cell phones at the counter, it's rude
Great produce, perfect emergency shopping. Owners are nice, but don't come here looking for a bargain...
Yep best produce in the hood
Jae rocks.  :-)
Jin's actually has the best, freshest Nashi in town.
Best bodega in the heights!  Say hello to Jay at night!
Jin's is carrying Six Point Sweet Action!  Woot!
I can't believe that some of the best and most varied produce in NYC can be had at the this corner grocery. The shop is a postage stamp.  Buy anything, it's always fresh.
Milk was a bad choice
Get rich or die Mayan
Dont play fuck the dealer unless you want to have sex with the dealer.
Best Chinese in the area.  Not saying much but it is delicious
Coffee is press just like in the islands.
the best place to have a baked chicken in the Bronx
Their tomato, mozzarella & basil panini is actually tomato, mozzarella & arugula...?
Try their non-fat yogurt smoothies with honey and whatever fruit, their all good. Skip the food—plenty of other lunch options. Cashiers are pleasant but workers behind the counters are rude.
Free wifi from Starbucks.
Get a 20% bonus when you buy a gift card for $20 =$24. You can use it immediately.
A "medium" cheeseburger means "cold". Never had so many bone chips in one in  40 years of McD's.  $15 min/ person. Tourist trap.
Try the chicken soup! It's delicious!!
Chicken/Vegetable Tofu Teriyaki Rice Bowl are great.
Half priced after 5p. But food sometimes sits there. Not fan of fried/ chicken fingers
Half priced after 5pm!
half price after 5pm
Order the Asian chop-chop salad and enjoy the yumminess!
Best and most efficient chipotle in NYC
Love chipotle..I am addicted lol
If you're feeling dehydrated after eating here-- the salt is in the cheese. Skip it and you'll almost feel like you're eating healthy
Burritos are gradually getting smaller and smaller.
Go primal or Paleo style!  Skip the carb-riddled rice and go with extra Veggies, Meat, Pork or Chicken. You can do it!
Yummy fake mexican
Great, fast way for a vegan to get a meal! I get my bowl with no meat or dairy and lots of guac! Yum!
When the line is ridiculous, head a block north to Fresh Tortillas.
Grab a window seat and people-watch during lunch time
Drop your business card! I actually won a Chipotle Party few months ago! I treated all my favorite colleagues from Penguin Group. :)
Amazing ass burritos
Ordering online means nothing here apparently #fail
Don't go here EVER! Too crowded food sucks!
Lunch line moves quick but make sure they aren't cheap with the portion sizes because of the rush.
Sixth in line is the best spot to snuggle it out. May I recommend the barbacoa burrito with a side of love?
For when you need a seriously fast lunch. This is the quickest lunch line in NYC.
Burritos dude that's where it's at son
Who doesn't love this place? My fave? The steak naked burrito with extra cilantro-rice :)
Wanna save money and stop that "I totally overate" chipotle bloat?! Split one burrito bowl and some chips with a friend!!! Way cheaper and you don't feel like you've eaten so much you're gonna DIE...
50% discount for law enforcement. Took me 8 months to figure that one count b/c no one bothered to leave a tip. You're welcome!
Can't get enough of these burritos? Here's a quick & easy way to make them right at home! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2TCPNltuY0
Don't forget to bow to me when you enter my Chipotle.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Line moves fast at lunch
Order online before you go. There's still often a wait, but it's a fraction of the time you spend in line.
Order online and pick up at the register. No need to make the line!
good food at this place
chicken burrito bowl with the dressing
Steak was too spicy for me, and I've loved the steak at other Chipotle places. Won't stop me from coming back, though. A little pricey, but what can you do? It's SoHo.
Veggie burrito w/ guac on the side is fantastic but the line is like 50 people deep during the lunch hour. Lame.
$5 Mexican bottled beer and margaritas every day? Done.
Food is always great! Never disappoints. I love aa restaurant that's consistent, consistently good. And $5 margaritas, FTW!
Best Urban taqueria in all of NYC.
For a 3$ taco this place wasn't bad on a Monday night. It's a dive but good for being a dive!
Beer was warm. Everything was undercook. Food was cold. This is the worst place ever. Do not come here! Please save yourself a trip and lots of money.
Been here a bunch of times and food is always top notch, best taco place in the W Village.
Blood orange margarita...
The pork belly and fish tacos are good but there is no reason for them to be $3 each. The 'host' is a douche. Customer service here is abhorrent except for the bartender. He seems like a nice guy.
This place sucks. I'm still sitting here and I can't wait to get out.
On of my favorite sushi places!
Get the monster roll, coated with truffle oil.
Best hot chocolate ever!! Extremely tasty, spicy and smooth at the same time. Just perfect!!
great dairy-free sorbetti options!
pumpkin and olive oil are my favorites! Mmm...
Freshly made gelati and sorbetti are invariably creamy and smooth, and their seasonal menu offers a wide variety of flavors. Don’t miss their intensely nutty pistachio gelato.
Mascarpone + coffee is a great combination
The peanut butter is for serious peanut butter lovers only.
This place knows how to make pistachio gelato. If you're a fan of the flavor- you have to try it. They do it best!
go for pistachio or chocolate-banana
Their pistachios are imported from Sicily! Combine the flavors, or try an unusual flavor like Chocolate Cayenne or Olive Oil!
Stracciatella & amaretto were among the finest galatos I've had in my life. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The best gelato you will ever have.
Wind your way through the West Village brownstones on your way to this traditional italian gelato shop for a scoop. Flavors are seasonal, but be sure to try a waffle cone.
Get the Nutella.
The Affogato Al Caffe just makes me happy.
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day, we all scream for ice cream on December 13th. http://exm.nr/sfKAhx
Amazing gelato! I highly recommended the hazelnut (nocciole): wonderfully decadent. Just be aware this is actually in the Chelsea Market at 9th (not 7th) avenue and 15th street.
Kiwi sorbetto is refreshing and not too sweet!
New York / Fresh locally made gelato. Try the grape gelato if they have it. Or choose our all time fave - pistacio. You can't go wrong with this flavour, it's the best in the city.
Pistachio is AMAZING. Everyone is super nice, they'll let you sample everything if you want. Beware, the passion fruit kicks your butt.
Best gelato. Mint chocolate + chocolate are killer. Taste of Italy.
The granny smith apple one is amazing!!
This is as good as some of the best gelati I've had in Italy and easily accessible. The ingredients are fresh and seasonal. When I'm eating their gelati everything around me goes away.
Combine the olive oil gelato with the chocolate, or the strawberry with the mascarpone.
Marscapone & Fragula (strawberry) in waffle cone = DELICIOUS!  Almost like Strawberries n Cream 
Flavor of the June - Fragola (Strawberry Sorbetto)
Have the espresso - possibly the best in the city.
Fresh, locally made, artisanal gelato.  The pistachio is outstanding, made with nuts imported from Bronte, Sicily.  Many other good flavors, some unusual like olive oil.
Grape gelato to die for
Supposedly the best pistacio gelato in the city
Get the grape gelato, if they have it.
Good combinations:cinnamon and peanuthazelnut and coffeepeanut and mascarapone
2 for $3 pizza can't go wrong!  Bangin' chicken and broccoli pizza. For some fresher greens check out Addictionstore.com
Walked in randomly and I'm glad I did. GOOD CHOICE!
Now plain slices are 2 for 3.
$2 for 2 slices of pizza--grand opening deal
Become mayor and get a free macaron!
The fried rice that comes with the lunch special was really gross. It was mushy soy sauce rice in oil.Maybe their noodle soups would be better. I prefer the lunch specials from the one on 28th & 1st.
The decor is absolutely dated, slightly dingy and the service is pleasant but on a cold winter's day, nothing can beat a bowl of Cantonese Wonton with Noodles soup.
The flavor is usually good.  They have their good and bad days there. Had lunch, some of the meat was not cooked.  Get a chance to watch them make it for you.
Used to live in midtown. Never had been to this place. Find me a real estate agent now! Mee noodle shop and grill is the real deal.
you really get your money's worth here! the noodle bowls are cheap and delicious.
Get the Orange chicken and white rice. Seriously the best Chinese "take out (but sit in)" food ever - no joke.
This is bar far my favorite Starbucks in the neighborhood to do work In. Usually easy to get a seat, and not dirty like many Starbucks. Free wifi.
Yummy mock roast pork and veggie dumplings!
Not everything at this Chinatown restaurant is great, but their vegetarian dumplings are perfect.
The veggie duck here is amazing! Best since VIP (veggies in paradise) on Mott st. closed down.
Steamed dumplings are yum!
The efu noodles with buddhist style vegetables, the mock chicken, the mapo tofu... Absolutely wonderful!
Try the eggplant YUM!!! And Budhas Noodles
Nom, nom, nom…
Try the mock duck appetizer. Small if you're with 4 ppl or less.
I love the (mock) shark fin. soup
try the fried yam cake
One of the best in town.
A good restaurant has a great staff, delicious food, great service, good prices, and a great ambiance. Nha Trang has it all. Hands down the best Vietnamese restaurant in NYC!
L33. Yummy, yummy!
Nha Trang is my city.
Sweet and sour shrimp are tasty but the calamari starter was amazing.
Come here the day you have a serious Hangover.  Have the L11 B. with BBQ'd Pork Chop, an order or spring rolls, and hot Jasmine tea.  The hot sauce and Thai basil in the Pho is great.
Here for pho? You'll want to order the Pho Dac Biet (L1), a bowl of tender beef brisket and juicy eyeround paired with chewy tendon. Be sure to applaud the cow who gave so much of himself to the dish.
Food was pretty average. The soup (pho) broth and spring roll sauce lacked that Chinatown kick that makes the trip down here so worth it.
Vermicelli spring roll combo is so good! Perfect for a hot day :D
The calamari is soooooo good!!!!
PHO THAI yiyin kendinizden geçin. New York'un en iyisi
Pho #1: Highly recommended!
Eh... (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the durian milkshake, it's durian heaven for durian lovers! if you want something lighter, salty plum soda is swt , sour and salty goodness in one.
when in season (like now) get the Salt & Pepper Soft Shell Crab, but ask for chiles. mine came without ANY. also, love the salty lemonade.
This place is a great hidden gem. I love the curry chicken over white rice! Great food! Great price!
One of my 10 favorite restaurants in NYC, now and forever. Same order every time: crispy spring rolls, pork chops, salt/pepper shrimp, whole fish. In season, add soft shell crab. Kaboom.
Try the Pho Dac Biet - mmmm (via @Foodspotting)
Unlike so many other spots in the area, this restaurant is clean, the fare is reliable, and the prices unbeatable. It’s a great spot to grab some authentic Vietnamese without breaking the bank.
L35 combo... nuff said
Amazing food and great service. Prices are low but quality of ingredients is high. I highly recommend this hidden gem.
The guys here are super friendly. Don't be scared to ask questions/joke around, etc.
Broth is good, but a bit too greasy on top. Still inhaled the whole bowl :-)
AWESOME Pho tai
Love this Pho! Get take out and they keep the ingredients separate so you don't get home with soggy noodles : ) Also, one of the best dinners $5 can buy.
Seriously the most interesting & flavorful calamari I've ever had.
Best pho in Chinatown. PERIOD.
Try the Beef Cubes With Friedrice - Beef cubes also known as Shaking beef. Don't ask me... (via @Foodspotting)
Best avocado shakes in the entire universe!
Try the Bahn Hoi Bo Lui - Sick beef dish (via @Foodspotting)
get the congee for a cheap, delicious, filling $4 meal. I like the one with bits of roast duck in it
Delicious, cheap, affordable for all, huge portions, perfect for large groups, parties, etc. Simply an amazing.
"Don't miss" the salt-baked squid ($9.95). It's "a mountainous pile of lightly battered and tender chunks of crisp, well seasoned cephalopod."
If you are going for dinner, make sure you get the house special soup. It is the best in town... and it is complimentary.
Congee Village has the best house soup. They boil all the great ingredients for half day.
The Congee's are delicious! Get the chicken black mushroom porridge, the pork chops, the steamed rice roll shrimp and so much more! Yummy
House Special Chicken nuff said.
The mapo tofu is nothing to write home about AND it was $10 bucks!!! :/
baked Chicken Bun ($.90). sweetness of steamed and baked buns, but with a more coarse, sandy crumb, a slightly nutty pie crust flavor, and crisp edges - Serious Eats
Steamed milk and milk egg tart
Get the fresh mango juice
Get the Number One Bun.
The seaweed and pork roll is super! And only 90 cents. :)
Macau style custard is good
Disappointed that the gimmick that intrigued us to come (internal 'market price' menu) was not even active! Just a tiny bar, not impressed.
Football special are awesome!
awesome, owner is the man
There's a free cell phone charging station near the front of the bar.
Wings are decent for the price. Nice service. Small and cozy on a Sunday night.
Great Bloody Mary!!!
best bloody mary in the neighborhood
Nice brunch and not expensive
New management new chef soon to come new menu.. Should definately check it out
Horrible for brunch.  Food is not good and service is beyond slow.
The absolute worst, most insulting and disrespectful service I have ever received in my entire life. These people must truly HATE their customers.
Don't try to get the check in special, they don't honor it after 12
Free beer with check in. Void on super bowl. #fail
Watch out for the all the Pink songs. They can really suck the energy out of anyone.
Great for some daytime drinking. Eddie is the man and, frankly, the tenders are hot and nice.
Photo booth!!!!
Love the free sam adams for a check in!!!
try the cranberry sangria it's good as hell
Attention rest of the world: Mini corn dogs now available at Exchange. I can't contain myself! JIMP!
Try some new and improved menu items. Great game day specials.
Cool place on a Thurs night! Good times!
New management is really making a big difference - the music rocked! Will def be back soon.
friendly staff, awesome happy hour. ticker reco turned out to be pretty good
Place rocks! New management turned this place around! Def comin back!
Foods good, al the bartender is better. Dont read too much into the ticker, its a chill place for non wallstreet peeps, enjoy
Terrible music and very small ... Only basing it on one Saturday there, but not impressed.
Not great food
Place blows.  Ticker is useless.
Try the Someplace Else... Unless you're a first year ibanker. Then you'll love it.
Great food and reasonable prices. Get the fish and chips. Lightly breaded and quite delicious.
The shrimp is the sleeper on this menu. Plump, plentiful and delicious.
Fish and tips: haddock's always fresh. Never leave without eating a fried Mars Bar! Don't forget a visit to Tea and Sympathy to complete the British diaspora experience.
Try their fried Mars Bar.
Split a single order of chips (fries) if you're going with a friend. Spend your money on the fish!
The deep fried mars bar has to be tried! (and shared as its v rich!)
Really good, authentic English fish & chips. I was with a Brit & she said so. Service was slow but friendly . (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I am British and have eaten F+C in some great places including Anstruther Fish Bar (Fife), Sea Cow (East Dulwich), and Steve's Chippy (Liverpool). The haddock and chips was as good as any of those.
Pick the Haddock fish! Superb!
Yummy fish and chips
Fish bites are the best thing on the menu... oh, and ask for lots of tartar sauce.
The best fish and chips. Make sure you finish it off with a deep fried Mars Bar!
Make it fish & chips.
Make it fish & chips.
Try the Haddock And Chips - Perfect. And I grabbed a seat tonight.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the battered banger, it's my favorite! Sup the chips in tartar. Yum!
Don't forget to order a small tub of batter scraps with your meal. A real taste of home. Yum!
Try the chip butty!
Best fish and chips joint in the city
have a shandy bass, you won't regret it!!
Winner of Best Fish and Chips in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Get the mushy peas as a side - far more delicious than the name would suggest.
Try the Haddock And Chips - Great chips on top of even better haddock. Works well with a Boddingtons.  (via @Foodspotting)
best english style fish and chips without crossing the pond!
Great place for my first fish and chips.
Nicky Perry’s popular fish-and-chips spot combines surprises such as deep-fried Cadbury creme eggs with more traditional fresh-from-the oven chicken and mushroom pies.
MN State Fair Day food & bar crawl is stopping on Sat. 8/20 at A Salt & Battery for fried Mars bars (or beets if you're feeling healthy.) Get tix at http://t.co/E300fa6
Sunny Anderson finds guilty pleasure in the deep fried candy bar at A Salt & Battery on Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Find more tips at FN Local.
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
David B. said it below, but it bears repeating: DEEP FRIED MARS BAR WITH A PINCH OF SALT. It's good alone, but the salt transcends it into something truly extraordinary. A must-try.
50s-style fish and chip shop known for its sinfully indulgent deep-fried Mars Bars!
Good food but pricy.
I will win back my mayorship. Oh yes. I will.
Chipotle is better, frankly
On 18th and 5th on Wednesdays.
เป็นร้านแบบรถที่มาเปิดเป็นซุ้มอ่ะ มีเยอะมากๆใน NY
We're big fans of their burnt ends chili slider. - Food52
Alabama chicken tacos and short rib tacos? Just meh. Both too dry and tasteless. Very sad!
It's not there on map where it claims to be! Fuck you for sending me on wild goose chase and wasting my time!
Make sure to spend towards a future credit on @TheLevelUp
Mexicue is part of Food Truck Frenzy! From 5 to 10, April 23rd to the 27th, part of their profits will be donated to Relay For Life. The Mexicue Taco Truck is working to fight cancer!
The chili will most definitely surprise you!
Mexicue will be rollin' to the Village Voice's Choice Streets food truck tasting event on 4/24 at Pier 86 / The Intrepid! More info here: http://ow.ly/9M1oK
Must haves: Short rib tacos (memphis mole, pickled onion, romaine, cotija) and BBQ rib (fiery bbq sauce, habanero aioli slaw, avocado smash ) sliders!
Try the Kim-Cheesesteak - #juicy #spicy #astor #ilubnyc (via @Foodspotting)
#StaffPick for a delicious midtown meal. You can frequently find them within walking distance of Doris C. Freedman Plaza. The burnt ends chili slider has a special place in our hearts.
Try the Kimchi Pork Tacos (via @Foodspotting)
Sadly, no "al pastor", but the "enchilada" (spicy pork) is worth it!
The burnt end chili slider w/ cilantro lime crema & jalapenos... crazy good. Grab a few if you're hungry.
Fall special - squash taco. get it.
A yummy mix of Mexican and Barbecue flavors! Yum!
beef short rib sliders are the best.
Mexicue holds a contest for new menu items each season. Participants take a specific seasonal ingredient, whip up a recipe, and post it to the restaurant's Facebook page. Enter today!
The short rib tacos are delicious and burnt end sliders have a nice kick to it.
Burnt end brisket tacos are what to go for here. Mexicana rub, arbol barbecue sauce with pineapple-habanero salsa
Tacos are good.  Sliders are better
NBC day on 6/9 was awesome! Mexicue rocks!
Vendy award contestant so u know there good
Long Line but worth the wait
One of our favorites! Make sure you complete every meal with a lime Jarrito!
A Tuesday tradition on 45th St btw 6th and 7th.
Burned Ends Chilli Slider—the redefinition of a sloppy joe.
Ask your chopper to go light ok the dressing.  They cut the tops off the squeeze bottles so your salad drowns if they're not careful.
Get the Fall super foods, add pears. You will not be disappointed!
Avoid the line that goes down the street, place ur order online or call it in and it will be ready when u arrive!
Don't listen to their lies and propaganda.  They totally have more than just salad.
They have brussels sprouts for a limited time !
Don't let them over-chop your goods. Buying the $1 membership card pays for itself 10 times over.
If you come in after 2:00, you get 10% off!
Buy a reusable bowl and loyalty card the first time you're here. They'll cost an extra $1 each now, but save you so much in the long term.
more than just salads!  wraps too.
Great Living Social redemption system.
So many options! If you're going during the lunchtime rush, know what you want in advance otherwise you just may be scoffed at by your fellow lunchgoers.
Get the salad...
Get the reusable bowl! You get two extra toppings every time you bring it back AND you get 5% off your orders before 2pm and 10% off after 2pm. Best lunch salad...price, quality, and quantity...in the
Enjoying their signature salad for my first Just Salad experience..I love it! Very fresh and yummy. Glad it's across the street from my office, this will be a regular lunch spot of mine =)
Great salad! You will be hooked from the first bite.
Order online for pick-up or delivery.
In lieu of wedding gifts, Charli and Alex have registered for a job at your agency. Please hire them so they won’t have to marry each other.  charliandalex@gmail.com
The best apple martini ever ...
Eggs Benedict were great but the home fries were bland
Don't take American express
5 of us went for brunch and the waiter hand wrote an 18% gratuity and the total. For 5 professional women. To say the least, it was incredibly rude and none of us will being going back.
Customer service is awesome. No French toast, big fail.
slightly pushy at night, don't go past 1 if you want to stay a while and enjoy yourself. other bars stay open much later
Awesome burger!!!!
This place is great-try the tuna steak!
Good for brunch and a bloody mary
Come in for brunch and be sure to try the homemade jam. Wow!
Good service & ambiance. Mediocre food. Don't take American Express.
Great environment with mediocre food. Decent place if you don't want to wait to get a table.
Parmegian carpaccio was delicious. I was the only person there and my salad took almost 20 min to come. Other than that no complaints
Dont eat the mussels here they arent good quaility
The spinach e basillico is the best salad ever!
Love the french press coffee
Ask for the homemade Ricotta Gnocchi. Fresh, delicious and superb! Little Italy just moved to the Upper West Side.
The Margherita pizza here rocks!
Quality of food was good, portions were a little small. 2 pancaked with sliced banana for $11, u could easily put 1 or 2 more pancakes.
Not crowded for Brunch, try the homemade pankacakes, comes with bananas.
Delicious Chinese food!
Jack's has closed...now, Birdbath
Free at 1st Check-in and I'm converted! Get your iced coffee black and without sugar - This is one time when you won't need it. It's not bitter at all.
Waterfall plus free seating and excellent coffee, which is free on first checkin. Perfect place to eat lunch!
Beautiful waterfall & peaceful garden. Coffee is organic/fairtrade & free for 1st checkin.
Secret garden in the middle of Manhattan. Free coffee with 1st check-in!
The Chicken Milanese was terrific and light!  They need a new dishwasher for the glasses...
Paul is not the mayor I am ya dig? Hahaha
Open Mic Monday's!!!
Brunch was weak. Had curdled hollandaise sauce on eggs benadict.
Just a heads up about the band. The band doesn't start until after 10pm.
Everything was absolutely excellent. Only issue is the live band was too loud for a restaurant. Hard to talk with my party.
Brunch was great and we wer the only seating between 2:30 and 5 on Saturday.
$12.95 brunch. Great food. Have the omelette.
the owners name is Joe
Good brunch
Very over priced, eh food and only 1 size fountain soft drink sizes. Staff is ok.
Bathrooms are pretty gross, but at least they are open super late...
If you're going to spend the money, get the puffy slice.
Pretty good pizza if you don't mind spending $10.
Terrible! Don't eat and Keep walking. Overpriced!
TERRIBLE FOOD. You might get lucky and get a hair in your pizza.
Not as bad as everyone says. Reminiscent of Sbarros with similar size and taste, thicker crust. Comfortable and pretty good. Pricy as hell though.
Terrible food!!
The staff here are really ride and get mad at you when They forget something. The food looks better than it tastes.
Keep walking! DON'T STOP. Eff this place. And check my tips - I'm never this upset to give negative review. Bunch of lazy ass, rude, crooks!
Crappy pizza and pasta, but conveniently close to theaters
Staff looks unfriendly but they are friendly and they really helpful.
NEVER EVER EAT HERE! This place has roaches. When the staff was told his answer was 'Yea..and?' Not even a fake apology. GROSS & NASTY! Take your business elsewhere!
Worst pizza in New York. Very oily, small, and a plain slice costs $4!
Overpriced but its some good cooking
Not the best pizza in the world, but at least it has plenty of places to sit.
Try the Seafodd Parrillada!
Try the Mini Empanadas - These little guys are awesome! (via @Foodspotting)
Great drinks from Joey the bartender... Ask for a Makers Smash with a side of crunchy Parmesan bar bread. Awesome spinach linguini with salmon. Romantic upstairs.
Executive chef (Wayne) is amazing.. Say's Soupie
Been here three times and everything is always delicious. Gorgeous hole in the wall place, great ambiance. Lovely staff and service. Even brought my son here after a show for ice cream.
The grilled mozzarella, spinach linguine & salmon, and organic red wine are wonderful. Also, crab salad is very good.
Nice little spot for drinks or food esp. if you're stuck in the times sq area and lost for an okay spot
Food is great. Asked to be seated in the patio--it's so quaint!
The grilled tilapia is without a doubt the best thing I have ever eaten.
All things steak.
The host is amazing!!!
Muscles are INCREDIBLE
Lots of great Malbecs from Argentina, and the food rocks!
Try the white sangria.
All the food is wonderful, the Penne is great and their apps are very tasty.
try the chimichurri steak !
The food here is about the same as the healthcare at the hospital...NOTHING TO SCREAM ABOUT. Great place to go if you don't feel like going outside and if you are about to die and need a quick fix.
Delicious food and very fast. Amazing lunch specials!
Inexpensive and The food is better then good but not excellent
The House Special lo mein is their combo with chicken, shrimp, and beef. Delicious!
SO cheap; food NOTHING special but for a quick lunch at work its perfect
Go to 6 Happiness, order Special Combo with Orange Chicken
Never can go wrong with the prime sirloin
Even with a reservation, you may have to wait for an hour at the cramped bar. It’s worth it: The signature sirloin is a lean 16-ounce prime hunk with a salty, lightly charred exterior.
Not as good as it used to be: Food or service. Very disappointed
Steak to me was 'Meh' before today! The filet mignon and top sirloin here are OMG, the mother f'ing sh!t!!!
It is the establishment where Gambino crime family boss Paul Castellano and underboss Thomas Bilotti were gunned down near its entrance in 1985. The hit was under the orders from John Gotti.[1]
Great place for dinner meeting with clients. Chilian Sea Bass was thick and juicy with veggies cook perfectly.
The menu has sauteed mushrooms, and sauteed mushrooms LOL
Delicious meal with great service!
Classic NYC institution. Delicious strip steak and sides though I would rate a notch below other NYC greats (Peter Luger, Wolfgang, Strip House). Fantastic wine list. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Classic NYC institution. Delicious strip steak and side though I would rate a notch below other NYC greats (Peter Luger, Wolfgang, Strip House). Fantastic wine list. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This is a quintessential NYC steakhouse. The food, the ambiance, and the service are all part of the experience, and every aspect is excellently executed. Also, make a reservation!
The Chef should learn how to cook steaks and the difference between MEDIUM RARE and WELL DONE.
This is the top: Prime Sirloin Steak w Creamed Spinach and Hash Brown Potatoes and a Walnut Pecan Pie... The way they re-set the table before the dessert and coffe is old school.
porterhouse medium rare, well done home fries and a bottle of red. the end.
Take in the old school atmosphere and get ready for one of the best Sirloin Steaks around.  Add a baked potato and a vegetable.  But save room for desert and get the Ice Cream Tartufo.
Had to send a steak back...um that's the one thing they should be great at. Go to Keens on 36th best chophouse in Manhattan.
PHOTO: In 1985 the Daily News caught this incredible shot of the Castellano mob hit right outside the restaurant, at the link!
One place that can surpass Peter Luger’s is Spark’s. A delicious steak comes with creamed spinach, hash browns, and their impeccable wine list, says Suzanne Corso, author of Brooklyn Story.
One of my favorite places. -Jacqueline Laurita, Real Housewives of NJ
Bad service, descent steaks. Creamed spinach was soupy but the home fries are excellent.
Try the steak!
Prime Sirloin is their specialty. Also- they tend to cook their meats a tad bit less than the requested temperature, so "Medium Rare" is really somewhere between that and "Rare."
In a hit orchestrated by John Gotti, Gambino family crime lord Paul Castellano and his henchman, Thomas Bilotti, were gunned down as they exited this restaurant December 16, 1985.
Always sit facing the door
Recommended dishes: Achari Tikka Chicken, Malai Kofta and Manchurian Cauliflower (a must!). Chef is amazing - 1 Michelin star well deserved!
Michelin 2012 ★
Manchurian cauliflower is vegetarian General Tso's chicken. Delicious.
A new 3 course tasting menu paired with Rieslings from around the world will make an appearance in January 2012; perfect way to beat the post holiday blues
Get the lamb chops. They are exceptional.
Seafood curry!
Order one of the tasting menus. You can't go wrong.
Tell Baby Sany hi!
definitely make a reservation for dinner.. it just filled up really quickly, even after 9pm..
Excellent! Some of the best Indian food in Nyc. I had the seafood curry - Great. Also the rosemary naan and ceviche were excellent.
Lamb chops are the best in NYC
One Michelin star.
Lamb chop. Period. Oh and order the cauliflower it's not on the menu but SOOOO yummy.
Try the fragrant dum biryani, an Indian-style potpie filled with glistening hunks of ginger-marinated goat leg tossed with saffron-dyed basmati rice. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011
The tasting menu(even the vegetarian one) were disappointing. Don't get the mango or raspberry desserts
Lamb Chops.
Get the goat dum baryani. It's my Indian paella but better because it had soft baked bread on top. Saffron flavor is just right!
I think I heard a choir of angels singing behind me when I bit into their garlic naan. So good... Their butter chicken is yummy too...
The is wonderful get it and you will be happy.
Everything I had was so good, god I'm still hungry for more but woman is tipsy
Try the Goat Dum Biryani. The unique flavor of the meat with the ginger, garlic and saffron is absolutely delicious! Just keep telling yourself it's...chicken!
Have a 1947 lager and two orders of the Manchurian cauliflower. Some lamb chops and a curry, rice and bread. Ignore the rest. All’s well.
Easy tip. Anything and bottomless coffee for breakfast!
The food tastes like shit
Skip the line at the door and head straight for the counter in the back; faster service with usually no wait.
Galaxy diner has horrible service. Westway all the way.
Great place for a tipical American breakfast. Make your order with eggs, bacon, ham and sausage. There're great! | Ótimo local para um café da manhã tipicamente americano. Peça seu prato completo!
Incredibly cranky waiter service...will not be coming back.
Disappointed. Omelette: overcooked so like a dry pancake; bacon: undercooked, like a rubbery salty dish sponge. Wrong toast. Blah
This place has the best diner milkshakes. Chocolate milkshake and vanilla w/ banana milkshake are both absolutely amazing.
Without a doubt, one if the best diners in NYC. Great location, great food and great prices. Thank you for the tip, Judy.
The mayor here is a prostitute! She's here every day and is always open for business.
Chicken soup is the best! Never order liver late hours. Mashed potatoes are great. Fried calmari or fried shrimp is too oily, don't try! Have fun! @milanamay
[-] Rude service, freezing temperature inside, dry sandwiches with bugs
Stopped by for the breakfast platter special. The scrambled eggs were runny and the potatoes didn't have much flavor. On the plus side they do have Cholula at every table and OJ comes with the meal.
Good breakfast and pricing... Good coffee aswell :) I thruly recommend...
Don't waste your time.
Great breakfast, try the bagles.
Where Jerry Seinfeld & Larry David first started throwing about ideas about a show with no story.
Really good coffee actually and the tiramisu is delish as well as the bread!
Alex is best waiter-go left against the far wall.
Excelente servicio. Desayuno exquisito !
Had the rudest server. Made me feel bad for having to be snippy but there was no other way to communicate him. Whole experience was awkward.
Eggs benedict not worth it. Skip the pastrami and corned beef. Disappointing.
Service was very fast. And cooked well. A very nice dinner to relax in.
Hot chocolate, amazing breakfast :D
hide your kids, hide your wife and hide your husband cuz they're rapin errbody out here
This place has some great breakfast deals and the food is good and comes out fast
Awsome waffles and got to get the breakfast special
I don't think I've eaten at a worse location. My omelette was inedible and had egg shells in it, my friends burger was plasticky and uncooked, and the potatoes were scraps. Also seemed unclean.
I have seen friendlier faces on the exorcist movie.  And the charm.  Wow
French toast
The Chocolate shake is so-so and for the price NOT WORTH IT.. need shake shak mm(And popburger shakes are premade and stored in coffee cups..ahhhhh come on)
The cook quit. Good luck getting your burger in under an hour.
MMC! Use your meal plan here! Also delivers to the 55th Street Residence!
Pizzas are good, buffet is good esp chix salad. Free bread! Fresh rice pudding and ginger ale. They take bloomberg discount.
Bagel guy is emotionless. The coffee here is addictive (free heated milk!)
Convenient if you need to grab a quick panini for lunch, PLUS they have complimentary bread and an amazing snack selection.
Great place for hot food buffet. Roast pork is awesome!
It sounds like the salad dude is confusing the chopping knife for a jackhammer.
Didn't like the service. They were not that kind...
Food is pretty great, just don't get delivery: they mess up a lot.
Amazing Salads.  Add any vegetable you like to this mix, no extra fee. Delicious and delightful variety and freshness :-)
Just opened. Free pizza samples out front yesterday and today.
Starbucks is Starbuck.. However, apparently by simply asking for a black coffee,  is like the equivalent of ripping the girls arm off & beating her with it.  A simple smile would have been just fine!
If you have an hour to waste waiting on a line to get crappy service and the wrong drink, this location is perfect for you.
Best drink is light Ice Carmel machiato with whole milk and Carmel machismo bisscoti
Hidden Starbucks with less lines ideal for studying.
Hit or Miss location. The one on 60th is much more consistent. Might be worth walking a few more blocks
My fave Starbucks ever. Best little hidden location. Little crowding and does not have the signature burnt taste to the coffee I get at other Starbucks.
Hot chocolate and frappuccino coffe caramel
I caught the barista making a heart with the caramel.
Definitely the hidden Starbucks in the area - if your running late in the morning this is the best place to avoid lines and still grab a morning latte!
If you're from a school nearby you get a student discount :)
Best Starbucks of NYC
Hands down, the very best starbucks in NYC. Especially if you're a regular. They see my face & my drink is ready before I even get on the line! Amazing, super friendly staff. Quick even when crowded!
Really nice staff, made me feel welcome on my trip to NYC.
the secret starbucks. Its the least packed in the area due to scaffolding. No wait time in the morning
Normally good service, but not this guy! Terrible attitude! Blek!
Don't have the gnocchi.
My boyfriend, who doesn't have foursquare, asked me to warn other diners about the "nonexistent service". Drinks and an appetizer turned into an hour and a half ordeal.
They will add 20% no matter if you want to pay tip or not. Even if your party is 2. But, good food.
Awful service, but their Coq Au Vin is good. Not out of this world or anything, though.
Just fun, once you get its rhythm, esp for  the bartenders!
Rib steak VG.
They have TV5Monde on above the bar pour tous les Francais!
Expensive, but excellent bartender - so order a small dish,  sit at the bar and enjoy the friendly atmosphere. Nice dinner spot as well.
The $27 Pre Fixe menu is a great value and provides a good selection including a glass of wine.
Croque Monsieur is delicious
Onion soup 101.
This is the only moe's in Manhattan. So if you're a moe's lover be sure to check it out if you're in the area.
decent coffee
Chicken parm slice is maybe the beat tree fitty I've ever spent
Don't be fooled by the name. These guys make good bagels & breakfast food too!
Try the Lemon Aid and the Power Pack!
Crunch cocktail and ocean green :)
Try the blue banana and add protein powder ;)
Try the veggie burger sandwich.
Excellent coffee & tea. Great service! Its cleaner & cheaper than Starbucks.
The bathroom is cleaner than Starbucks. The WiFi is faster & oh, btw the coffee taste light years better & is actually worth it.
Great coffee drinks, but slow service.
For those sick of shitty Starbucks coffee, come on in and try something different. It's good.
Place is so overrated. Go to Starbucks.
great egg sandwiches when they don't screw up your order
Seriously, this subway has closed and the space has been absorbed by the Westside Market being built next door.
As mayor of Subway, I declare that all 12 inch subways will be $5 forever.
Snickers flavor? Amazing!
Great, light Ice cream!
Gotta go classic - vanilla/chocolate twist.
Cinnamon crunch + rice pudding - best flavors
Ehh I don't see the big deal with brioche
Their butternut squash soup is light and delicious!!
Try the Breakfast Basket - With meats, cheese, salad and bread. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Two Half Boiled Eggs - Is better than one half boiled egg. (via @Foodspotting)
The service is bad and the hostess is crap at her job. If u come when there are lots of people waiting in line, u need to force ur way through as the hostess has very bad memory - it's an animal farm
The best place ever!!!but I'm little upset about their coffee cups,its really hard to control,I personally prefer the regular coffee cups.also you should try their pistachio tart!!
Soft boiled eggs!
Great baquettes although the price has increased 50% in 3 years.
If you're from Long Island, then you'd know that the bread here is much better than Panera's.
Definetely try small strawberry tarts and a bowl of cappucino !
Riquisimo, coqueto, elegante. Perfecto para después de salir del MET.
go for either the goat cheese & arugula salad or the prosciutto & mozzarella tartines w basil pesto
Oh and the Mini Brownies and I are going to have polygamy marriage so I can have them ALL
Most amazing staff ever!! In the pouring rain MADELINE let me sit and charge my dead phone so I could find where my friends had moved to. Simple things like not being down poured on is amazing!
Take a baguette and a cheese. Excellent combination.
Knock twice and give the bathroom door a swift kick, a man named Hercules will answer, you can buy kids and drugs from him for the best price in the city.
The brioche is best in the city, so are the soups...
Alain Bennouna, owner of Zitoune, is behind this locale. Notable dishes include duck b'steeya & whole baby lamb mechoui: a 20-pound beast roasted for you and 7+ friends, requiring five days' notice.
great grand opening last night, whole baby lamb was as spectacular as always, cheek & tongue so tender, tapas galore, you need to keep coming to try everything on the menu, quail with blueberries next
Olivia Bistro, more like Olivia BESTro, duck besteeya, goat cheese balls, sizzling sardines, sausages, ox tail, everything was frigging delicious as usual, can't wait for the whole baby lamb
Get the whole lamb.
Www
The lavender ice cream taste as good as I expected it. Maple bacon had chunks off bacon. They have innovative flavors.
Blueberry Honey Graham + Apple Pie <3 <3
Check in Tuesday for discount. Not Monday
BEST ICE CREAM IN NY!!!Today (June 20th) Malu turns 1.  Stop by the store and receive a 2nd cone of similar or lower price free with the purchase of another.  Congratulations Malu
Think you're tough? Try the Salted Butterscotch ice cream. It's a delicious test of your salt tolerance!
Try something surprising!
Like spicy? Chocolate? Try Jose's chocolate picante!
Great ice cream AND eco-friendly: they u se real mini spoons for taste testing, not plastic.
check in on monday and get 1 scoop for 2 bucks.
Double dare on the strawberry basil
Cookie monster + waffle cone!
The hazelnut is amazing, especially with oreos on top!
Pollo Sandwich ($10)
Sit at the bar for fantastic egg sandwiches!
love their simple, perfect egg dishes:
commune bread, vanilla bombolino, zucchini or cauliflower pizza
Like real coffee? Get the Cortado, a cappuccino with less milk more coffee. Mmm..
Great cold brew coffee and even better iced tea
They have great wine options by-the-glass. Try Palmina's Rosso!
Come here to get your hands on Jim Lahey's breads. A chickpea-fritter sandwich with a citrus-yogurt dressing and a bomboloni filled-to-oozing with vanilla cream make for a satisfying lunch:
They have the taps for beer and will serve some as well.
Try the Ceci sandwich (chickpea fritters). Very good iced coffee, too.
Appears to be closed. Not sure if it's for renovations or not.
I tried the salad for lunch- meh- expensive 3 items lettuce was fresh dressing ok but with a soda was over 8$ and I ha to ask them to heat the garlic knots which were stale.
The white 'za is quite good.  If you don't like sweet onions, avoid their Margarita.
Guava with milk is amazing
Best of nyc
One of the best places for hookah in Manhattan hands down. Great music, drinks and hookah.
Süper bir yer wery wery nice:))
Hookah tonite wit the ladies!  <3 don't be late 9pm
Celebrate New Year's Eve at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
My uncle's placeeeee is the best ever!!! Nataly makes the best drinks!!!!
I like the indian and arabic music but the other music is not great. If it was then this place would be perfect.
$50 minimum in order to sit inside. Very frustrating bouncers. Not worth it
Avoid the double apple. Tastes like black licorice. Yuck
Nice Place, like it!
Потрясающая атмосфера! Лучший кальян на Манхеттене!! Отличная музыка и очень дружелюбный персонал! Особенно лапочка-менеджер Джуниет;)
Make sure u get to know Ali, the manager...he is the man and always takes care of me and my friends!
Double Apple is a good/safe bet for hookah flavor. They play very up to date pop/hiphop/club music. Good for med to large group of friends (5-10).
Excellent hookah, doesnt get harsh like the other places
Double apple hookah made by Shaadi
The absolute coolest hookah bar to which I have ever been, in America. Get a table in the back with your friends & be polite to get free tobacco refills.
Great hookah. TERRIBLE service
This is most definitely the best hookah bar in manhattan and one of the most chill spots to hang w friends. Tugba is the best waitress she is so friendly and accommodating!!!
Great environment, amazing service. Hands down best hookah bar in NYC!
Great atmosphere !!!! Hookah is amazing workers are so friendly and nice
Great place !!!!!!dj needs to learn how to play!!!!!!!!
Best hookah around
Great service, great music, love the window seat!
Chicken Shish kabob, calamari & Sangria.
Green tea wooow
Biggest fire hazard, no sprinklers, no exits, poor service.
Tried ordering five different things from the menu and told they ran out. Lame.
Juniet is the best! This place is amazing! I'm here every night and I have a blast. The hoohah is really good! The atmosphere is very friendly and the music is so good that u can dance the whole night
The lamb chops are amazing!
KorillaBBQ tacos are awesome even if they really don't care about opening on time or making you wait.
try the pescado, try the pork - hell, try everything they got - so damn good
ask for the shelly special ;)
$3 for falafel pita. How do the do it?
SERVICE IS SLOW
Falafel special here, only $3.00 plus you can add an extra for only $1.00.  Great food. I absolutely love their greek salads.
This place had a good variety of light eating foods from Tandoori chicken pita to burgers, it is more then a Greek restuarant
Try their fries, very tasty
Over priced for what I got.  A wrap that wouldn't fill Calista Flockheart and then I get like 6 fries with it?  Better places to spend $9 unless you like paying for over priced mediocre food
Quick & easy healthy eating. Their brownies & homemade pita chips are amazing.
Healthy & organic options. Try their protein brownies. DECADENT!!!
A great restaurant! Very tasty pasta and very friendly staff. I'll come back!
No bread, pizza came out before drinks . Possibly understaffed but the service is subpar.
Closes at 11pm but kitchen closes at 10:30pm
Four cheese grandmas, fettuccine Alfredo w grilled chicken are awesome
I really enjoyed myself here. The food and the service was great.
They don't do it anymore ,,,so why they're still w/ four square...better check Antika
Did You Save Me A Slice?
Love their pizzas and Pastas!
Great addition to WaHi.  We like!
Great experience every time I order from here, which is quite often and the food is delicious! When ordering for delivery, the packaging presentation is just great!
Pizza is amazing...was definitely needed uptown. Unfortunately the service is slow, ignores you after you've placed your order, & points across the dining room to the drafts when you ask whats on tap
Pizza is good... But service is REALLY able slow.  Don't come here if you're in a hurry.
Go by the bottle if you are buying wine. You end up paying less!!!
Brunch is great.
Do your self a favor. Don't order a sandwich from here. Why would out come in foil if it's fresh made?
Delicious pizza!
you can't go wrong with the Personal Pizza lunch special
212.781.9100 www.antikapizzeria.com
Omg do the grandma pizza and do the dessert its the liquid chocolate cake something... Its to die for... Orgasmic
Baked Ricotta...heaven in a pot!!
Great food, great service, and great prices. It's a good night out. Try the grandma pizza and if you get a salad family style make sure you bring 3 more people to help you eat it. Its huge!!
Finally, a decent pizza place above 145th. Crispy, respectable crust, inviting decor. A must if near Columbia Hospital.
Great food! Great prices! Great service!
Too many drunks and too small
My fav bodega.
The drink deals will leave you feeling a sense of obligation. The food will please, even if the variety might not compete with those Southern smoke houses. Humongous screens make watching the game fab
Again.....Mayor is MIA
HMOG - the brat is AWESOME!  Truly the secret winner here - might be best brat in the city.  Even worth forsaking the 'cue.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/harleys-smokeshack-and-bbq-new-york
The wings were the bomb! Too bad they don't have ranch! Can't fail with a Rita on the rocks!
The Texas Lollipops are amazing.
$6 drinks after 7pm.
Meat overpriced over cooked and dried out. Sauces taste very commercial so probably out of a bottle.
They have good service here. Stop by if you have a chance.
Great food and a great tequila Riazulll
Very nice and friendly people
I have had my share of BBQ living in the south, but the baby back ribs here are unlike anything I have ever had anywhere. They are the best in the city...
Decent BBQ here and their drinks are good too
The bartender "Murph" is cool as a fan!
The Riazul Margarita is delicious.... You can't go wrong!!!
Fish items are not good, drinks and staff are great. Wifi too.
Pulled pork, po boys and ribs are all good. Steer clear of the bread pudding with whiskey sauce. Cardboard
ribs ribs ribs.  :)
HARLEYS SMOKESHACK ...THE BEST BBQ IN NYC , VERY FRIENDLY STAFF, AND CHILLED BEER AND LOADS OF SPORTS WHAT MORE COULD A PERSON WANT ?...GREAT NEW ADDITION TO EAST HARLEM.
My faves are pulled pork and the sweet potato poppers. A must have !
Great food an great tequila.
Happy Hour from 12pm - 7pm everyday!
Get the appetizer sampler- pops, ribs and wings are awesome! Meatloaf had chunks of delicious meat in it! Yummmm
Have a beer at the bar courtesy of Sam...a God amongst scoundrels
Sam is a schmuck! Go see Gia, Murphy, and Bernie!
Good brisket & Pulled Pork
Good bar scene,decent food,chill staff.
Again,a false "Mayor" silly.
Where be the "Mayor" please.
Yes, why haven't we EVER seen the mayor here?
#4 Combo is a must.
The diversity is here is NYC American. The food is at European levels. The service has an African comfort. Getting service can be competitive, and we're not sure what continent would help that.
There's usually a really sweet bartender here, with an English accent. She's a doll.
Remarkably clean in here...i suggest the chalupa "baja" style
This taco bell is also a pizza hut!
This place is terrible.  The fried rice and noodles are at least a day old, and the meat is usually nonexistent (orange chicken) or rotten (pepper steak). This place should be banned.
super disgusting.  my food tasted like dirty sink water
Always my last option for a quick bite since it's right across office :( Rude women at the cash register. Someone pls train them to smile atleast !
8 dollar minimum for debit and credit!! Buyer beware!!!
There's an $8 min. for credit cards.
Quick food - very good quality and fresh. However it's not the cheapest but the quality is there so I'm content.
Good selection of food but kind of expensive but worth it. Food is good.
Hungering for a Panini? We recommend the "Delightful" or the "Italiano."
Choco bar for $8?!??
The most pathetic customer service & sometimes they even charge of extra forks for a to go delivery! Hoping they shut down soon 
Make sure to bring some extra money lol
A ripoff...
Cholula: Chicken, mozzarella, avocado, bacon, an chipotle sauce. Hot!
The avocado in the sallad bar is excellent
This place sucks huge ballz.  Prices out of control.
My go-to quick lunch spot. A little bit of everything. Love the iced coffee an paninis. $8 card minimum.
Muito bom lugar pra comer algo rapido. Otimo preco e fica aberto 24 hours!
Love the variety of food here & the fruit has been so fresh.
Really fresh nigiri sushi and the price is fair too.
amazing! they have everything!
Highly recommendable! Tasty food, delicious beverages, good service and all at a fair price! Best: fresh fruits!!! Try them!!
PErfect for that quick lunch. Decent sushi. Extremely quick checkout girls.
Make sure you repeat your order a few times and check it when they give it to you
Transplant yourself to Austin. Have brisket or the wings on Wednesday with a beer. They are all that much better with the live music. So get on yer boots y'all and your lone star frame of mind.
Don't be a vegetarian.
The lean brisket is so good it will make you cry a nice, long, "I love being a fatty" cry.
The Hill Country buttermilk biscuits are to die for, as are the cheesy mashed potatoes. -Jamie W.
Hill Country BBQ is awesome for large groups. You can reserve a big table downstairs and then everyone takes care of their own check. Simple and easy! -Elizabeth P.
Try the PB&J Cupcake - One of the best cupcakes I've had. There's a nice jelly surprise in the center. (via @Foodspotting)
touristy atmosphere compared to fette sau, but better BBQ. def best in NYC. i like to go lean brisket + 1 rib + multiple sides.
Get the brisket
Best Texas barbecue I ever had
take a friend: moist brisket, kreuz market sausage, mac & cheese. everything is good, but the rest might just be filling.
brisket moist, yes. mac n' cheese, double yes.
Get the lunch sandwich special. Less likely to go into a food coma...unless that's what you want.
The banana cream pudding is better than sex.
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
lugar maravilhoso d bom 0
Go for the Kreuz sausage and make sure to get a pecan pie for dessert.
Grub Street off-menu dish: Chili Mac. "Red chili & macaroni and cheese are both regularly available, but upon request, the restaurant is more than willing to combine them into a single gonzo mash-up."
Order a Shiner off the menu.
Amazing, amazing moist brisket. Also the beans with burned ends.
Fette this, RUB that - HC is hands down the best pit in NYC. Moist brisket is a must. Pro tip: request "chilimac" at the Sides&Trimmings Bar and you'll receive a meatycheesy surprise.
If you're hungry, don't do the All You Can Eat on Monday.  Sounds like a great idea, but they bring your food restaurant style which takes 15-20 minutes between each round
The brisket is like delicious meat mop soaking up meat juice.
Mmm pork belly. Mmm fatty moist brisket. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Really good food and you get value for money. Waitress are very kind and helpful. If you are in the neighborhood just try it!
So expensive. Meat quality is second best to Dinosaur.
Try the Texas Tornado. It's like Arnold Palmer with Bourbon.
Two-for Tuesdays: 2 for one drinks!
Moist brisket and Mac and Cheese are the jam. Plus they've got live band karaoke downstairs sometimes (if you're into that sort of thing).
The barbecue here is great!
Heaven on a platter.
Meals and beefy curry pretty good combo..so was the chicken fry..
The new combos are awesome.. Chemeen porichathu/Neyichor, Idiyappam/Chicken curry and many more..
Fish shappu curry. Yummy!!
Try the fish masala/crab masala. Watch out though: It's spicy!
Authentic Kerala food prepared jn front of you. Hygienic n beautiful place. Evening special menu is the best.
Very decent malayali food place. It is not so costly and the food items like Kerala porotta, puttu and the gravies are quite good. Worth a try and you are likely to return there.
awesome fish delicacies!!! everything is yummm
Excellent food.. really delicious dishes from gods own country !
Fish curry meals and Beef fry.. Best kerala lunch ever in blor..
One of the best Kerala meals that I ever had. Fish curry was awesome.
Try the meet fry, ghee rice here.... awesome food and superb ambience
Ask for the day's special. Try the Prawns Kombail Korthuthu and the Travancore Chicken Dry Fry. For the main course, Malabari Chicken Curry, Porotta, Meat Kappa Roast. MFT Rs. 400-500.
Bom! mas, muito caro!
Too expensive, cold food and no prices at show
Should have check four square before stepping foot in here. Way over priced, long wait, and when I asked where the bathroom was I waited in "line" for 10 mins only to ask frustrated is there a key?yes
Try the Santa Fe chicken salad w mixed greens and walnuts- delish!
Love this place but sometimes it can be a wait...Worth it though!
The smoothies are expensive and not that great
A deli madhouse. Good fie convenience and stress. Number 4591!!!!!!
Cheescake is really bad...
Expensive but good pancake!
Long wait, even for soup.
Open today, thanksgiving day, one of very few near WTC memorial. However, disorganized, not speedy. Made to order smoothie good & only bathroom around. :)
Great for salads, can be really slow for sandwiches.
Ruuuuude!!!! And overpriced!
Not so bad
Overpriced with long waits. Avoid.
The woman with long curly blond hair who works here is rude and yells at her children in front of customers. Other than that I love this place!
Expensive, very long waits at lunchtime and the juice is very definitely NOT freshly squeezed as advertised.
Average salads for way above-average prices. B-
Food isn't that great too quickly made they forgot about taste. They also overcharged for everything
Eat the Grilled Chicken Caesar's salad!Worth every penny!
Not the best macarons around but the interesting flavors make up for it!
It's not just about the macarons. They have great pastries and make a pour over coffee. Try the fleur de sel chocolate chip cookie!
http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2012/11/sugar-rush-cinnamon-buns-at-macaron-parlour.html
Best Macaron's EVER!
Try red velvet macarons and chocolate chip cookies!
Try the Candied Bacon And Maple Cream Cheese Macaron.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Peanut Butter Cup Macaron (via @Foodspotting)
We're planning on opening July 2012!
Super friendly staff!!
Mochas come with powdered hot chocolate mix... Seriously... Insanely over priced... Avoid at all costs
The woman who makes the salads is (which are CRAZY overpriced) is awful and bitchy.  How is this place still in business?
2 dollars just for bread. Like hell I'll be back.
The Chicken Parmesan & Ziti in Vodka sauce were great. I'm from Philly so I don't know if $10 was high but I left satisfied. :)
Over priced for sure.
Free small soup with any salad or sandwich!
get the angry new yorker sandwich
this this place is now called cafe 52 not cafe bravo! no bravo badge for me :(
Grr $4.10 for a 2 spoons of egg whites.  Please avoid they are super overpriced.  This must be why they are always EMPTY.
Total ripoff! They charge separately for each part of the sandwich, even bread, and there's no signs about it. $11.32 for a sandwich and pretzels! Like hell I'd go back there again.
Andy Warhol premiered his film HARLOT here on January 10, 1965.
The waffles with fresh fruit are a great brunch treat.
5-7 happy hour. $4 drinks ,$3.50 food. 6 on a scale of 10
Great music and wonderful brunch
I love the bread they put out with oil while you wait for you food, but that's the main problem. You wait and wait and wait, ironically Orololgio means clock because there are none. Abysmal service.
Amazing, home-made Italian food.  Cozy, eclectic, romantic spot.  Try their lasagna or their special meatballs dish (only on certain nights).
Get a sidewalk table for dinner.
My tip: don't bother.
The ragu is delicious -- Sara knows her stuff!
Every pasta I've had is fantastic. Great place to sit at the bar for dinner. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
simple italian spot from owner of Porchetta
The lamb sausage pasta is amazing, as is the vongole! Will return!
the lasagna.
The individually baked lasagna.
Eater recommends the lasagne.
One of my favorite meals in NYC. Green bean salad and cauliflower penne.
The latest venture from Porchetta’s Sara Jenkins is this date-night–friendly spot. Sample one of the unfussy pasta dishes, like anneloni rings tossed with mustard greens and house-made lamb sausage.
Bean salad.
I love the bartender! If you want good company and conversation eat at the bar.
The food was delicious, but I can help being disappointed when I go out of a restaurant feeling I can eat something more. For the price the portion are a little bit too tiny.
Try the green-bean salad. Crisp stalks of green beans, fried almonds, raw fennel and celery heart join forces in this crunchy, satisfying tangle. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011.
If you are lucky they'll have tge special pasta with Uni. GET IT!
Perfect size pasta servings. Go family style!
Modern Italian with focus on pasta. Try the crostini salami, lasagna al forno, pasta al ragu. I thought about the ragu for days after. TMI?
Sara Jenkins is an Italian-food goddess!
Owner Sara Jenkins kept the menu simple but appetizing, and we were impressed with spaghetti con le vongole. It was delicious with a perfect balancing of flavors and heaping portion of mollusks.
The most delicious family-style meal - Sara Jenkins and the crew are geniuses. Order the octopus!!!!
Fantastic pasta. Eat at the bar and let the amazing Cynthia advise you on what to eat and to drink.
Skip the mozzarella crostini, it's cheese on soggy bread. The mussels were excellent as was the lamb ragu pasta. The walnut chocolate dessert was extremely disappointing. Bummer town.
You have to try the Mozzarella-and-bottarga crostini, it is fantastic!
The mussels are fantastic.  I may come back and just sit at the bar w/ mussels, bread and wine.  ps:  lamb ragu pasta + clam spaghetti also great.
Sit at the bar and take the server's recs on wine - Dominique recommended amazing ones. Lasagna and anneloni were both delish.
If you're having trouble deciding, ask your server-they've tried everything and won't lead you astray. Ate at the bar-fabulous wine reco's.
Adore this place, it's great addition to the neighborhood. Try the lasagna, you will not be disappointed. (Watch out, though, it's hot!)
Anneloni with mustard greens and spicy lamb sausage is a flavor bomb, rich and peppery, with a lush, springy texture to the pasta.
simple italian in a simple setting.. food is good but they're a little heavy on the salt.
I love the pasta with the cauliflower, olives, capers, and garlic. briny and delicious.
Allow the chefs to take your palate on a journey! This place brings flavors to your mouth that you never knew existed!
Completely and totally worth it. I recommend reading as little as possible and just going in blind to take it all in. A dinner I won't forget.
Has this place been on your to-do list for ages? Make the effort to actually go. Food is innovative, interesting and delicious. ++s the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. Not pretentious at all.
Try the Miso Ice Cream - Course 20: with puffed black rice in a rice cone filled with rice mochi (via @Foodspotting)
Michelin 2012 ★★
Crazy reservations system but so worth it.  Amazing food. Extraordinary service. But what did it for me was when Jay-Z's "Can I Get A..." started playing. You win, @davidchang.
It’s really hard to get a reservation here – but once you do, every plate is amazing!
Don't worry too much about exactly what you're eating. Just sit back and let the chefs work their magic.
Get a reservation because it's an awesome experience.
One incredible meal. Well worth it.
Try not smiling after tasting the sorbet. I dare you.
The food here really is worth it. Note: you can only reserve by accessing their website and submitting a request at exactly 10:00am (EST) six days prior to the day you wish you dine. Good luck!
make sure you order the taiwanese pork bun!
Two Michelin stars.
online reservations only, yikes, what a nightmare trying to get in here!
soooooooo bad
If you’re an adventurous foodie (aren't we all?) then you must go for the 13 course prixe fixe where you can sample everything you’ve been wanting to try
tempat makan ni
This place is amazing. Favorite dish was the halibut with tempura corn and baby heirloom tomatoes.
Korean food with flare and style, pricey, but not terribly so.  Definitely amazing.
Una barra, 12 asientos, 3 cocineros, 2 camareros. Sólo se puede reservar a través de su web, cada día a las 10 de la mañana. Y sólo tienen 2 menús, al mediodía más largo (175$), el de la cena (125$).
love this place
Pork buns!!!!!  Still great!!!!!!!!
Go for the 16 course lunch. Much pricier than dinner but worth every penny.
Lunch is $175 per person and worth every penny.
só ouvi maravilhas do chef David Chang. Chang raises the level of his cuisine to the point where the $85 price tag is a bargain, despite the backless wooden stools that could leave you numb once the
Exciting, well conceived & executed food served to you by the chefs at your bar stool. Impossible to book, but worth it if you can manage to get lucky.
This is a must-stop for me when I’m in NYC, but you can’t go wrong at any of David Chang’s restaurants. -Monica Pope, Top Chef
The shaved foie gras with lychee and riesling jelly is amazing!!
Kevin Sbraga loves this place! -Kevin Sbraga, Top Chef
the fries...really good
Order a Grolsch, the Dutch beer that should be as popular as Heineken.
Come check out the bar on Monday's for wings special. If you buy a beer you get wings for a buck. Each beer gets 5 wings for $1.  Plus the waitresses are super sexy and bartenders very handsome.
Must have a button upped shirt here. Wish the heck they turn the AC on. It's a bar.  Good drinks, Price okay.  Woof factor.....1 WOOF
Must have a button upped shirt here. Wish the heck they would turn the AC on. It's a Bar.  Good drinks, Price okay.  Woof factor.....1 WOOF
Six wings for a buck (per beer). Incredible!
$2 bud/bud lights and $3 domestic drafts/well drinks 5-7
Picklebaaaaacks!
There are so many things to love about this place. Get here and you'll figure them out.
$3.00 Brooklyn & Sam Adams beers. Good mix of pop music and cheap food. The crowd is down to earth and friendly.
Wanted the other Marks so came here by accident, but glad! 6 wings for a buck extra with beer. A nice pub that's not too crowded.
When getting the vodka pasta, add a slice of mozzarella to it.
Monday nights.  4 dollar Killians, coors lights, miller lights, labatt blue.  And 6 wings for a buck if u buy a beer.
Hands down the best Nachos in the city.
Take a minute, remember what it was like here in the '90's
Cute servers and affordable tasty salads. Not bad for a bar on my way home from the train.
Brian is awesome! $1 for 6 wings with ur beer on Monday's...say hi to me and andrew, we'll be at the bar ;)
On a Wednesday at 9pm, its totes not crowded and actually pretty cool.
Killians on tap.  Nuff said.
So. Much. Fun!! Get here!! Happy St. Patty's<3
Big Buck Hunter was replaced with a photobooth.
Great atmosphere but the draft beers ALL tasted stale. (tried 3).
I gotta say the bull burger is amazing. Fries are perfectly fried. Let's not forget the amazing boneless wings. Nachos are Ginormous. Plus the people who work there rock the house. Go Knicks!!
Tits at the bar . Freddy. Ahspoo geeeet
One of the few bars in the city that will consistently play Chiefs games (and not complain about it). Their wings aren't spicy, so order up a flavor from what you otherwise would.
Bartenders had the nerve to ask and complain about tips ... Definitely NOT coming back here ...mixed drinks are watery btw
Try the pasta bolognese. Best in the city.
They play Better Than Ezra. It's awesome.
Very rude staff ..and actually had the nerve to ask for tip ... Then refused to serve us because we didn't tip enough .. Mixed drinks are watery .. Avoid this place no matter what
Nice Burger n fries
If you don't mind waiting and repeating what you want to them then by all means this is your place. Family owned and run which probably is the reason why it's so SLOW
Bacaninha, mas sem pressa é melhor. Disseram que o George Clooney costumava vir aqui.
Great Daly Specials, Good food at very reasonable prices. Highly Recommend
Enjoy a great greasy-spoon brunch at this lovely diner.  Order the Lumber Jack Special and a hot cup of coffee which John and Dalli will serve to you in the blink of an eye.
French toast is yummy
Simple but delicious. French toast is a goodie.
$2.00 Ice Coffee!!
$3 will get you the most amazing egg & bacon sandwich EVER! Do it!
get anything on the menu because it's all cheap and good!
only open for breakfast and lunch.
Soy is a cute Japanese spot tucked away in the LES. I enjoyed the spicy tuna & avocado rice bowl, as well as the sesame tofu pudding. Portions on the small side, yet satisfying. Next up: the Niku Jaga
Hole in the wall Japanese comfort food. Pretty good
Japanese home cooking. You won't find sushi here, but their beef curry will fill your stomach and warm your heart (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Happiness is diving into a bowl of green tea tofu pudding...after eating meat gyozas and curry rice. Yum. Ask about Etsuko's cooking classes - I took the dessert class and it was so much fun.
The Ramen is my go-to dish. So great. So simple.
Edamame & cheese sprig roll + flaked salmon and collared green rice - yummy home made cooking!
The spicy tuna & avocado bowl is absolutely on point. Great, cheap, hole in the wall find.
The homemade style beef and potatoe is very authentic and tasty. It's a home-y, hole in the wall. I patron this little place twice a year when I visit NYC.
Tofu pudding in sesame or red bean!
More Jane Jacobs Less Marc Jacobs is their moto- they kill with steely eyes if you use your mobile to catch on the gossip- stick with the coffee and run!
get her Ginger lemonade and put it in your freezer for a slushie
miso tofu
Very big sandwiches with lots of great flavours. My favourite sandwiches in NYC so far ;) Try Cordon Bleu II.
Yeah it says "Deli" in the name, but they make a tasty quesadilla!
Pretty comprehensive deli with hot food and a self serve coffee station (iced too). Help yourself to an iced Yerba matte for $2.50.
Grilled chicken and green beans......
The Lucca sandwiches are just awesome. roasted chicken breast and prosciutto with sun dried tomatoes, etc.
Never got anything bad from here
Han's Deli 2.0 right across the street, try it out =]
Best restaurant in NYC
Cold ass ice
fresh salad! quick service! good coffee!
BAO fresh kombucha is proudly sold here!
Half Priced Salad/Food Bar after 2pm....Awesome!!
Fast good sandwiches.  Neighborhood favorite.  Does lots of volume.
Good sandwiches
This place stinks... Got gross old cheese on stale ass bread and they dared call it a sandwich. Also, called for delivery once, and guy claimed not to know Elizabeth St, but knew Mott and Mulberry. FU
Surprising awesome self-serve coffee
Salad bar - which is much improved in recent months - is 1/2 price after 2:00 pm
Good egg and cheese in the morning:)
Terrific service. Very friendly wait staff
Food was cold, waitress wasn't attentive and my meal was overcooked and aesthetically sloppy. Go to the smith.
Save room for the mousse!
They have gluten free pasta options!
The pizza is good but definitely not worth the price.
Come check out the new bar!
The spaghetti carbonara is amazing!
Diver scallop pizza...wow
My favorite restaurant.
Fried calamaris the only good thing here.But when is calamari not good.n I got crab steak when I wanted crab cakes n it was horrible.Plus the drinks r undrinkable.Lol but my parents like the pizza tho
Absolutely amazing customer service! Be sure to get Joseph as your waiter!
Try the Baked Lasagna - #omg #baked #lasagna (via @Foodspotting)
OKay pizza
from a pizza-hunter's perspective, we think what Fiorello is good for is eating some good, very thin crust pies on a nice day outside before a show.
Try the Chicken Pepperoni Parmagian - Possibly one of the best combos ever!!  (via @Foodspotting)
Light snacks pre-opera. Best part: surprised with muffins for tomorrow morning. Cute.
The lemoncello tart now ranks as a top dessert of all time - don't leave without some!
Lemoncello Tart was fantastic! Highly reccomended
Just because it is full of people at the door does not mean you will not get seated quickly.  Work your way to the host stand and give them your name.  You will be surprised how fast you get seated!
Once you step inside you’ll be treated like an A-Lister – the service is that good.  Then just try and finish the Double Pepperoni & Baby Arugula Thin Crust Pizza.
The service is great! You should definitely try the cheescake!!!
Chocolate mousse and cream! Comes out in buckets. They stop when you say when!
Chocolate mousse is awesome! Between November & December  they have an amazing  truffle pizza
We had water spilled on my bag and phone without so much as an appology. The service is usually great, but today is was very very off. Great profiteroles
Salmon Benedictine for brunch w/ Prosecco...great way to start the day off luxe!
Spotted: NPH after the opera. Class, McClass
Worst service ever. Waiter took our order and disappeared. We inquired - manager's response was "this is a not a 3-star restaurant so you should not expect 3-star service." No tip, never coming back.
I don't remember even eating the Limoncello tart, it was so fabulous.
Great food, great service! Try their lasagna, you will not regret
The chocolate mousse is awesome
Bring lots of $$$& 
Awful bagels
Get the lentil soup
Best make your own salads!
Try the salads. Make your own
they're selection of soups might be slip, but their prices are better than Hale & Hearty... AND you get more soup for your buck!
$3.30 for a bagel with flavored cream cheese and a large coffee!
French roast is a good cup of coffee...smooth
Stuffed meatballs are VERY tasty!
Free panini Mondays. Get the prosciutto, fig, Gorgonzola.
LOVE this place. Procuitto wrapped burrata, paninis, amazing vino!!
Great date place!
5 different sangrias. Go on a Sunday and make your way thru the list
Love this place!
The Tuna tartar is AMAZING!
Ask for Jodi! She will bend over backwards for you! Tell her Mandy sent you!
So nice when the weather is warm outside to sit on there out door seating area.
They always play the best loungy beats, I don't want to leave!!
Olives and cheese platter is amazing! Not to mention the wine!!
Free paninis on Mondays!
Watermelon Sangria is amazing, go on Mondays for a free panini with your glass of wine. Delish!
Warm your belly this winter :-) On Mondays, they'll give you a free panini if you order a glass of wine.
Open a bottle of wine or scotch and drink
Entrance is right underneath Daisy May's BBQ, on the 11th Avenue side. Look for the little grey door and don't be afraid to go in!
Everything is great but the tiramisu is really great
Heavenly food...i was licking my plate.
The calamari it fabulous
Hamburger for me pleaseeee
The Borgias!!
For a limited time mention The Borgias on SHOWTIME® to receive a glass of wine or a drink free with your meal.
Absolutely awesome peanut butter ice cream.
Travis is a delight. Jermaine is a sunny delight. Franco and Stephan are a pleasure. Food and drinks are always good.  Love everything about this place.
Sit at the bar, get the "Strangled Priest" pasta and get Travis the bartender to make you a margarita. Get ready to spend some cash money.
Travis the bartender is da bomb!
Ask for Franco! He's cool... get Jermaine as your server...and get me a steak while you're at it.
best bread basket, best service, awesome food
get a 3 course meal for only $35, all the time.
Get the Prix Fixe meal that's always available. it's only $35 for a 3 course meal, and always available.
Extremely rude customer service, boooo
IT Roadmap comes to the Javitz Center in New YorkFebruary 7, 2012Javitz Convention CenterNew York, New YorkLearn More / Registerhttp://www.itroadmap.net/itrny2012/sm
Сделать перерыв и попробовать клубничный смузи.
Take so long to order
This line is a good practice for a zen mindset
Latte, latte, latte :)
Lines too long... Need another starbucks here.
The food looks much better on the display than on your plate... not much love :(
Street meat is dangerous.... Make sure Bathroom ia close
The cashew crusted sea bass is unbelievably delicious.
The new Grady's Cold Brew is superb. Add just a pinch of sugar and you're set.
Gotta love Mary's hot cocoa!
Try it iced and with an extra shot... Also, keep the line moving, we all have work to do, right? ;)}}
Great turkish food. Little pricey but delicious. And the coffee and desserts are spot on.
Try the Stuffed Chicken Breast Turkish Style - My entree (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken Shish Kabob - Sammi's entree (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Eggplant Salad - First course (via @Foodspotting)
Zuccini pancakes and grilled calamari
Try the Griled Shrimp Kebab. Really amazing. Recommend!
Their Living Social deal was a scam. They charged tax and tip as double the value of the coupon even though the menu was severely restricted. I saved nothing and am ticked and will NOT be back!
I highly recommend the Coban Salad with Feta Cheese.
Sushi corner uniquement à Upper East Side et SoHo
Overpriced, underwhelming cupcakes
A little pricey. Especially when trying to buy fruit bowls. Otherwise, perfect stop before heading to the park. Their pastries and baked goods are always served fresh.
Really enjoyed the caprese sandwich!
Nutella scone, well you had me at Nutella ! Love this D&D for its proximity to home , office, museums and Central Park. Perfect for impromptu picnics before a concert as well !
The fresh sandwiches are excellent...
The apple bran muffins are terrible.
Come in Dean & DeLuca and taste what makes BluePrintJuice special. Each juice is made with the highest quality organic produce and is 100% raw, vegan, gluten-free, and kosher - now that's special!
Dean & Deluca is home to hundreds of delicious gormet treats. While you’re here why not check out Hot Bread Kitchen Heritage Corn Tortillas, Lavash & My Mom’s Nutty Granola.
Was excited to try D&D's coffee and muffins. Which were good but the girls working were seemingly miserable and the least enthusiastic servers I've seen in awhile
Check out in back if possible as the front of the store is always so frickin long.
Only $2.50 for any of their (excellent) toasted bagels with cream cheese. Mmm.
On your way to the Met, never miss out this place. Before starting the museum rituals, you can fuel your body here.
Get some delicious sushi or pastries and eat in the park behind the Met Museum.
Epicerie de luxe façon Grande épicerie de Paris.Trop pratique pour le rayon bakery car propose les desserts de nombreuses bonnes adresses de la ville (Doughnut Plant, Amy's bread, etc.).Nbses adresses
Epicerie de luxe. Superbes rayons (poisson,traiteur,boulangerie,pâtisserie,etc.). Bon mais un peu cher.
Pick up a jar of the Classic or Spiced and start scooping!
When you don't feel like cooking, stop in to check out the great selection of freshly prepared vegetables .... the sauteed spinach and crab cakes are a delicious choice!
Check the tuna sandwich
No tips...everything is mahvelous...:)
Don't look for the service to match the assortment
On my way to Dean & Delucca to buy some Mariage Freres tea.  I don't have to hope a plane to Paris after all.  If only they had Pierre Herme' macarons as well.
Coffee is the best and say hello to Roman!
Total waste. Spent an hour digging through $37 of crab shells for an ounce of crab meat. And the host was slightly obnoxious. He gave us a hard time about a decent table when the place was empty.
Underwhelming
Chili crab and extra toast!
The Manhattan is unbelievable - they use a splash of smoked Coca-Cola. Yep, that's right - they literally put a Coke bottle in their smoker. Fabulous presentation, too.
The Singaporean Mussles come highly recommended!
Dropped my money on the floor and the waiter stole it..don't come here.
Could drink Chupacabras all night long. The Fatty Dog is also excellent, like a banh mi hot dog.
Amazing deliciousness.  Order anything and then die in bliss.
Overpriced but good wine service and food so glad it's in the neighborhood
This sleek Midtown bar is home to 3 large televisions & a Patriotic allegiance, making it an ideal Super Bowl joint for the transplanted Boston blue blood. Read more on Metro Focus.
Not as good as the hype. Overpriced and not very tasty.
Fresh coconut with rum is awesome
Chicken wings, fatty duck, and Arctic char:-)
Don't get the fatty salad; bitter undelicious sauce.
Quite possibly the worst dining experience in my life. Terrible service, attitude, fail all around. Even forgot to serve us an entire course! Never going back.
Wow. If I wanted to go to Mexican joint where every dish burnt my taste buds off, I would've gone to a fucking Mexican joint. Worst Chinese in upper west side, possibly whole city.
Since you're staying near the Natural History Museum, it would be a shame to not go here every damn day. For every damn meal.
Great drink list. Pork buns are to die for.
Try the Coconut Mochi Cakes - You have to ask for them! Do it. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fatty Sour - Just order it! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the spicy cocktail - Soooooooooo good like no where else.
Wow. So disappointed. I remember living the west village location. Fatty Crab salad was like licking an ash tray. Sliders were dry and unimaginative. I would say, skip this place
quite pricey for malaysian food which is known for being as cheap as it is delicious .. but still, overall happy w/ the food and service
Get the sliders and pork buns. Do not hesitate. If there's a line to get seated, eat at the bar!
Check out the peppered clams, they're absolutely delicious.
The coconut mochi is bangin
This Malaysian girl approves of the nasi lemak!
The complimentary cake we received at the end of the meal was HEAVEN.
Watermelon Pickle & Crispy Pork and the Pork Belly & Shrimp are superb; also enjoyed asparagus drenched in crab butter. A bit pricey, but worth it.
Delicious!  Everything we had was delicious.  Snap peas are terribly expensive for the portion.
You have to put up with the bachata... But the food is really good
Tratar Es Tres Golpes... Que Rico...
Mediocre thali, service at snail's pace, good naan, excellent chutney.
Vegetarian lunch for 9.99 is well worth it and delicious!!!
Delivery is late, service is late. İ will try pick up next time.food not bad at all.
They told us rice was included then charged us 12 bucks for it. #lame
The Pasanda lamb is to die for! So creamy, flavorful, rich, and delicious!
The green sauce is mad good
I was 15 minutes late for the lunch special that looked pretty good for vegetarians, vegans, and meat eaters. Ends at 4pm.
I was 15 minutes late for the lunch special that looked pretty good for vegetarians, vegans, and meat eaters. Ends at 4pm.
Great food, but the service is a little slow.
get the bhel puri appetizer. spicy but worth it.
check thier new cocktail menu, {kamasutra} one of them.
go to mughlai have a mix grill and ask for the special curry sauce on the side
the lamb vindaloo here is delicious. especially if you are not averse to spicy food.
Free refills are a good thing...and the lamb vindaloo will clear out the sinuses...
Delicious Indian food.
Don't eat here unless you want to die of food poisoning.
Wow lmao I must check this place out , obamaftw lol
After President Obama was inaugurated, several New York City establishments renamed or began naming products to pay homage to him, including Obama Fried Chicken & Pizza. The chicken is delicious :)
Essential NYU: Palladium brunch was voted the Best Special Event on campus. Find a freshman/sophomore to swipe you. If you already have a meal plan, consider yourself lucky.
Check-in  for Restaurant Night at Palladium tonight, Oct. 4th & be entered  to win a cookbook signed by Celebrity Chef Marja Vongerichten
Sushi. Yes.
Everyone must try Sunday brunch!
the grill line is really inefficient and moves at a glacial pace...don't even bother if you're remotely pressed for time
Sit next to Andrew Baik and enjoy
Be warned: it appears Palladium is no longer all you can eat. Which means no more mix-matching at different stations.
New Palladium Restaurant by Life Works! Use Meal Exchange and choose from the ala carte options and create your own meal with an entree, side and beverage!
come for dinner from 5-7 pm and enjoy special dining events. Spend your Dining Dollars on snacks, waters, beverages....anything!
Brunch Brunch Brunch! So much to eat.
Oh palladium. Where food can fully be expressed as means to sustain a body and nothing else.
they won't scramble the eggs for the Mediterranean breakfast!
Awesome oatmeal dish....for 2.99, oatmeal with 3 toppings yum yum!
Turns out that they do coffee and salad punch cards in addition to the sandwich ones!  Can't believe I never knew!
Ask for the hot sauce for your salad
For those that want a real Israeli breakfast, delectica has one that's better than any I've had in tel aviv!
Delicious tuna fish. I get a large container of it to go and make my own sandwiches.
Israeli breakfast is a must!! they only serve it dining in, so the smoked salmon bagel with capers is my go-to takeout choice.  Best breakfast in the 'hood!
Ask for a frequent customer card
Agree always come here for the Israeli breakfast
Israeli breakfast great bread and cucumber salad
Soup and half sandwich... outstanding classic combo. Turkey chili puts the delectable in delectica!
$3 for a yummy pork egg roll & won-ton soup...mmm good!
Arrive here before 3:30pm for their lunch specials.
Best food in town, amazing wine selection! Also it's always on Savored, save 30%!
El pulpo es buenísimo!!
Happy hour every night!!!!
Crispy duck here might be best in town. Sweet potato donuts with honey for dessert FTW.
Great food and nice decor. Highly recommend.
Get the cebiche clásico, corn empanadas, arroz chaufa, picarones. Alcohol: try a chilcano with the purple corn-infused pisco for something different.
The mixto ceviche and arroz con pato - you can't go wrong!
Amazingly fresh and tasty tuna ceviche, grilled octopus and calamari and a delicious duck & risotto dish. The sundae for dessert.
From? Peru Drinks? 30 house-infused piscos Food? Ceviche with clam shell, arroz con pato (duck leg confit, slow-cooked breast, scallops, beer chicha de jora, & cilantro) and shrimp chupe risotto
so so good. chicha morada drink + corn empanadas + solterito salad + picarones 4 dessert = yum. come here!
The arroz con pato is great.
Arroz con pato, tuna ceviche, dry aged ribeye. YUM
Closed. No longer exists. Fused with the little cheese pub
Not here any more
Should have left the brats and added cheese
Is gone cheese shop took over I only came here for veggie brat now I have no reason to come here. They screwed their best customer
Get the Blue Ribbon. Great lineup of beers plus they have Austin's Sweet Leaf tea & Coke in a glass bottle
The German is pretty good if you like curry, but expect a pile of sliced wiener in curried tomato sauce with a bin on the side. Great service!
Now serving Beer and Wine!
They deliver.
Show you've "checked in" at brats and get a free side dish (with sausage purchase)!
The giant pretzel will make you never have a street pretzel ever again. Flown in from Bavaria, it's not local but it's worth buying a carbon offset for.
the salt pretzel for two has delicious mustard and the perfect crunchy chewy combo. also the virgin olive oil macaroni rocks!
The place to go for sausages.  We like The Dragon Wiener and would splurge on the Japanese Dog.  The milkshakes are tasty too!
The bratwurst here is a pretty decent bet: pork sausage sided with candied apple mustard. Porky, fruity, with a lightly sweet finish.
The dog shop goes global with options like a classic brat with swiss cheese & candied apple mustard, a West coast shrimp dog with old bay mayo, & a $25 Japanese investment with Takaushi beef.
Don't believe there's no bathroom. It's in the basement, down the steep stairs past the kitchen.
Slices for $1 and pies for $5. You can't go wrong with this recession.
Pollo yoyo is good here - translation.   Chicken yellow plantain sandwhich
Not sure about that other tip  I've tasted better pizza
Best pizza in NYC!
OMG...can you say foodgasim? If you like pork, you must, I repeat, you must get the Braised Pork Shank...to die for!
I'm up the roadster the W- Time Square
They are nice at the front desk but they rush you out. The place needs a serious  facelift and the menu needs to change. It's been the same for years! Won't be coming back.
Surprisingly authentic, and classy joint. Nice live music. Great mojitos - especially the mango, or maracuja. Enjoy!
By far the best service in 5 days in NYC! Plantains are divine. Dulce de leche cheesecake is to die for. Sangria goes down fast. A++++++ in my book!
Tres leches cake is amazing!!
The servers are super sweet and helpful, I had to catch a show and food was brought out fast. Food was delicious. And to top it off, some romantic live latin jazz for entertainment! A perfect dinner!
Ultimate Mojito quite as good as in The Carribe in Toulouse, France. You should taste it to compare !
Don't waste your time on dessert. The tres leche, flan, and cheesecake all fail.
Rope Viejo is awesome. Glad to see Mofongo added to the menu.
Great food & fine looking men!
Get the Mango salmon. So amazing. Had it 3 times so far.
Best seafood paella I've ever had! The mofongo is awesome... The tres leches is a dream! I've been to many a Cuban and Latin restaurants including puerto Rico and the paella and mofongo is better here
Love the Mojitos :) And the stirrers!!
The pulled pork tacos are a must get!!!! DELISH!
The goat cheese and spinach empanada hits the spot after a nine to five.
Corn on the cob rocks!
Reservations mean nothing here. We had to wait 20+ minutes for our table.  Give yourself lots of time if you are going to a show after dinner.
Great Cuban food. Definitely make a reservation on opentable
Orange Mojito!!!
Awesome apps!  Skip the full meal and order several different apps.
Food is just okay, but their corn on the cobb is AMAZING!  I only go there to order the corn and have a few drinks (drinks are not amazing, just average).
Try the Tostones Rellenos - Viva comida Cubana (via @Foodspotting)
Very good and reasonably priced!
Excellent service..
The ultimate mojito is worth the price. Amazing!
We've learned to line up at 4pm to beat the crowd for $1 empanada Tuesdays. Our favorite is the cuban when it's available!
Awesome services and the food and drinks are DELICIOSO
Great food and live music!
Love is bloom: New York City Restaurants to spend Valentine’s Day http://exm.nr/w4dR4C
Order the galbi and pork belly bbq: both are incredible. Also one of the best seafood pancakes
there are other better korean bbq place. korean bbq restaurants serve you free cold noodle or fermented soy soup after you order beef or pork bbq. this place is the only place who doesn't serve these.
Bad experience with valet parking guy! is that really necessary?
Consistently the best Korean restaurant in Bergen.
Valet parking people are terrible!
Your safest bet is the DB galbi. We split two servings amongst the three of us + a bean curd stew.
Portions are really big! banchans are really yummy here and the main food is absolutely awesome :)
Rock out...
양념갈비 넘 맛잇어요^^
FIRST TIME I EVER HAD KOREAN FOOD! IT WAS INTERESTING BUT FLAVORFUL AND GOOD! DO IT!
Best kalbi in fort lee
Get the lentil soup it's fantastic! Great service and nice ambience.
Whenever you need a Lebanese fix, go here. Fattoush + Chicken Schwarma all day.
charming and polite...very pleasant for a dinner with friends or with your partner.
Try their rose water, its so refreshing!!
Brilliant place! Great food and service! Must try!
$10 3 course middle eastern lunch?! Amazing.
Cool place & great food
Best Lentil Soup I've ever had.  Ask for an extra side of Tahini w your falafel sandweech.
Unbelievably fucked up table management!
Try the falafel and the lemonade!
order the muhammara!
Chicken shawarma is great and staff and owner are very hospitable
So much deliciousness on this menu! Loved the kebbeh kras, labneh, and shish tawook
Get the Tabouli and leave wit gewd breathdzz
The fresh squeezed apple juice is tasty
Love the vegetarian mezze, especially the babaganouj
Get the hummus shawarma and mixed grill plate
The chicken shwarma is good but wicked garlicky. Bring gum.
144" screen! :)
Great burgers!
Coney Island Cotton Candy is a Must Have drink! You wont regret it :)
Wings are awesome! Great place to warm up and check in on the nfl
The space is huge but all of the WTC construction makes it difficult to get to. As Fidi becomes more residential it could turn into a solid neighborhood sports bar.
It's an awful tourist trap. If you want to meet a local go anywhere else
$5 for 10 wings on Saturdays and Sundays during football games
excellent service. shout out to biljana and kristin- thanks for the drink!!!
Solid place to watch football - great screens and setup. If you are hungry while watching the game, stick with the wings or nachos, both of which are usually pretty good. Food is typically average, ma
Great service and awesome wings. Ask for The Chan
Tv screens everywhere & great weekend specials during football season!
Excellent atmosphere!
nice place by the way
Check out the new relocation of the restaurant and bar to the back of the hotel (Washington St). Added a Pool Table, Dartboard, Jukebox, etc.  Nice World Cup Special too.
The place is the best Sports Bar in lower Manhattan. Its an upscale sports bar with 68 foot screens and soft seating to kick back and relax, no tacky sports memorabilia hanging all over the walls and
Hummus is VERY garlicly! I mean VERY
The red wine selections I tried (including a favorite from my home state) were disappointingly stale.
Best falafel i've had. The sautéed onions and effplant in the sandwich set it off!!
Vendy Award winner for best Mediterranean platter. $4 falafel sandwich that fills you up with delishness. What are you waiting for.
Excellent Falafel and Lovely Friendly Guys ;) it's a must try!
Ask Sam to add some hot peppers
its different. But had to try it.  Pretty boring flavor wise.
hands down the best falafel cart in nyc. they portion and ingredients this cart provides in the plate is worth 9 or 10 bucks easy. they sell it for 6!!! p.s. dont forget the fried pita chips
To die for sandwich... Awesome
Best falafel sandwich in the neighborhood, but price just went up 33% ($3 to $4)
eat free homemade pita chips while waiting in line
Whatever salad you get, it will go well with the Mexican goddess dressing.
The Santa Fe is SO good! Fried onions omnomnom...
Delicious food but the Delivery time ALWAYS takes more than 75 minutes.
1pm on a day when new seasonal salads debut is a day when the line comes out the door.  Avg wait time: 10 mins.
The line is always long but don't let that scare you - they move fast!
Try the salad sandwich if you find the regular salad too big
Tasty food but this place is like a panic attack in restaurant form at lunch hour. Bring Valium.
This place is crazy between 12-1PM, but great salad ingredients and dressings, a worthwhile loyalty card, and you can always place your order via Seamless.com to save time.
You can always do substitutions, so be sure to replace iceberg lettuce with spinach or more nutritional greens!
Be sure to get their loyalty card when you pay! Just get one and sign up online.
Don't fear the line. It moves FAST!
Mexican Caesar!!!
Palm Beach with Chili Lime or the Farmstand with tofu all wayyyy
The Po'boy is amazing! Very efficient service as well
Monterey with mesclun and arugula with smoked tofu topped with Tex Mex dressing - tasty!
Gotta try their Santa Fe & Grill Asian salad
Mexican Ceasar and Santa Fe salads are tops!
Good Tom Kha soup. Great appetizers! Masaman curry delicious!
Cash only...
They will beg you for a tip. We were questioned for leaving a 15% tip & she had to know why it wasn't 20% or higher.... She's why. That's fucking why--Her.
make sure to sit with pookie sexbomb
It's cash only, but definitely worth it. Great atmosphere and delicious food with decent prices, what else could you ask for in a restaurant?
Basil Duck Dish was delicious. Also, portion sizes here are huge for the price - compared to surrounding Thai restaurants that cost same with small portions.
Grilled Orata Fish a def fav along with the summer rolls or any curry a cant miss.
Reasonable and yummy -- get the sangria!
The toilet tank is raised up to the ceiling. No chain. And no credit cards, either.
Come here at noon nobody is here usually.
This place doesn't ever card for drinks! Lol
Try the drunken noodle and the side of curry rice, both are so yummy!
Very solid Thai food that certainly packs a spicy punch! The Drunken Noodle is amazing and will cure whatever ails you.  The crowd is decidedly NYU and it’s cash only.
We had the wings, duck salad, and chilli basil and it was all delicious and decently priced. Def recommend
They don't take credit cards and don't tell u until after u get the bill. Foods not bad. Not as bad as others posted here.
Good lunch special... Food is good for prices, don't expect too much though.
The Apple Sake Martini is very good. I could drink a bunch of those.
I don't know what people are talking about. If you've been to Thailand, you know this place is very decent for the price. I have yet to find another in the village that compares. Cash only sucks thoug
I always sit down and then remember they're cash-only. The Tom Kha soup is divine!
the food here is terrible ick & double ick
Food isn't bad but service is kinda crappy. And they're cash only =3=
Cash only
The Thai chicken basil is good. So is the service.
What a stupid restaurant. What kind of sit down place doesn't take credit card?
Newly renovated- so much more room now! good wine selection and fun group atmosphere. cash only.
Try the basil duck, but remember to bring cash! No cards accepted here.
great Thai food. good prices.  always satisfies. get cinnamon duck soup
do not eat here. the food is terrible. trust me--or not.
Seriously, go outside.
A place for  even number people. Everything comes in twos... Good food but slow service
Food was great and the service was spectacular!
Can't go wong with the duck fat ice cream and pork belly
Dart for the bar stools at the kitchen and spark up conversation with the chefs. Order the lobster egg foo young and the roasted duck ice cream. It's one of NYC's can't miss dining experiences.
Lobster Egg Foo Young and Duck Ice Cream.  Jesus.
Duck bun is delicious!
duck a la plum ice cream
I'm a fan of the Hake and rice noodles,  the squash and coconut greens! The chocolate dessert looks yummy
Shrimp fritters and lobster egg foo young are where it's at!  Skip the duck buns, too heavy.
Get the pork belly appetizer. It was amazing!
Shrimp fritters are a MUST!
Vermicelli with grilled fish is the best dish on the menu hands down!
Unique reinvention of Asian fusion, we love it! Try the duck tongue meatballs, quite yummy!
Shrimp fritters and duck buns to start. Interestingly amazing
The pork belly is fabulous. The rice noodles with hake and the collard greens. Yum!
meritage on tap! luv it.
Zagat recos the Shrimp Fritters
The pork done a few ways is amazing. Everything else is tres yumm too!
Everything I ate was delicious ... The manager was SO attentive - ask 4 Matt & get his recommendations!
Try the Hakka Pork Belly, Steak Tataki, Shrimp Fritters, Duck a la Plum Ice Cream.
The roast duck ice cream is... unforgettable in every way.
An amzing new restaurant in the Village. Simpson Wong of Asean Cafe fame created this innovative American bistro with Southeast Asian flavors. Very exciting indeed!
The lobster egg foo young is amazing --deconstructed, topped w crumbled salted egg. Delicious!
Awesome - great food - good price
proves that too Wong don't make it right.
Do not come here. If you sat down it is worthwhile to run out. The portions are offensively tiny and the prices are absurd for the tapas sized dishes with fancy entree prices. Fail.
Featuring pan-Asian cuisine all cooked on display in an open kitchen, go on an epic flavor quest in the West Village. Try the "salty yolk" lobster egg foo young.
Fantastic food and service. Go here now!
The roast duck ice-cream with five-spice cookie was amazing....
Everything with duck is great, especially the duck pizza and duck ice cream.
The Custom Stir-fry is always on point.
The new Epicurean has added 5 flatscreen monitors, a WQXR-FM classical music soundtrack, more flowers, and a stack of Wall Street Journals, aside the usual local metro dailies.
Expensive groceries and beer, but still decent selection in a small space. Good 4:30am sandwiches, esp. ones with bacon or prosciutto.
Brooklyn Special = da bomb diggy
6.95 for a create your own salad- one meat, five sides. Choice of spinach, romaine, or iceberg. What's not to like?
American hero. Every time.
Try the Arizona chicken sandwich
Try the Chicken Milane sandwich
Best bargain on a do it yourself salad at Epicurean Market on University and 9th.
Specializes in simple, tasty cuisine!
The view is beautiful and the food is good. Nice place to go.
I like the signature burger and that's about it. The service if awful. Sat at the bar, was only one other patron and both bar tenders ignored my existence until the other patron pointed me out.
Delicious lobster roll!
The spinach artichoke dip tickled my fancy. Plus, Cat the bartender is amazing. Very attentive!
food is average to poor but you're coming here for the views of the river.. so sit down, grab a drink, look around, then leave.
Get the mussels. Amazing.
The service at this place is terrible. Inaccurate order , main course before appetizers and drinks? View is nice though.
Liberty prime rib sandy w/ smoked mozz is hitter.
Gorgeous location on Hudson. Nice menu at Sunday brunch. Crowded Mothers' Day , but they kindly fit us in at noon. Thanks!
Waterfront French Toast is just amazing!
Better yet, ignore Ted.
Miso salmon with wasabi mashed potato was a pleasant surprise.  Highly recommended.
Mussels delish.
This place is ehhhhh. The manager is a toolbag. Who is enough of a reason never to go there
Tip: bring earplugs and be ready for children running around screaming with parents who don't care. Manager promotes this behavior because he knows the family. Argh.
Buffalo chicken sliders are great.
Amazing setting with well meaning but spotty service
Be sure to specify which wine you are ordering, or they'll bring you the most expensive version of that type.
Taste Merchants River House's food at the Downtown Alliance's Dine Around Downtown event on Tuesday, June 14, 2011 (Rain date the 15th). Learn who's participating @ www.downtownny.com
Try the short rib, medium, it's freaking AWESOME!!!!!!
а еще здесь девушка-официант по русски оказывается говорит))
Avoid the risoto, it's really oily.
The steak is so tasty!!!
The biscuits you get are delish! I come back just for those.
Great new menu. Come on by, but don't take my table.
This is where @jsamps and @ericmayville go on dates when they tell their girlfriends they are "at work." AMIRITE?!
Good food. Kinda slow.
Horrible horrible place.
Food was good, but the service was achingly slow.
Great food. Get a big group together and try one of everything on the menu.
This drink special is a lie.
The food is really delicious and cocktails are supreme.  Warning: portions are small even for tapas style. Parpedelle, crab quesadilla & ceviche are excellent.
Come in and try the new spring offerings on the menu! Might I recommend the Beer Float for dessert?
Try the Three Grain Salad. YUM!
Try the meatballs. They are incredible!!!
Best marzipan outside of Germany!!
Were celebrating national choc day!!! They have vegan!!
I can't pass this place without stopping in to buy a chocolate covered pretzel or six.
Fantastic treats. I'm a sucker for the dark chocolate pretzels.
Try the Dark Chocolate Health Bar and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Cherry Cordials and spot it on Foodspotting!
Varsano's has the best chocolate in New York City. Do not pass up the peanut butter cups in both dark and milk chocolate. Another highlight are the choclate smores. There is a diverse selection of dif
Atmosphere: could not be more pleasant & relaxing. Espresso: a little on the weak/long side.
The red chairs are super comfy.
Sundays 10am - 1pm, free buffet brunch to members
Just walk past the bar and go through to the back for some grub.
Don't be stupid, get the French toast for brunch
One size which is a pretty big one - soy latte $5. Coffee is rather week and milky tasting. Not great.
BYOM and $0.50 off your mug o mud. Oh and they steam the milk before adding it to your coffee.❤
The ice cream sandwich puts chipwich to shame.
The mulled wine is totally amazing. It's the perfect winter drink.
I love that they have almond milk available...
I always hated the red "CULTURECULTURECULTURE" that surrounded the entirety of the hot cups.
Ask for a coffee with milk. (they top off your coffee with steamed milk for no additional charge) Delicious!
Make sure you bring cash, because they do not takey z plastic!
For a great read, and review of Mudspot, check out The Coffee Crawl at thecoffeecrawl.com
Be careful. The coffee is very strong. Get the avocado pressed sandwich w/home fries for brunch.
Whether you're with visitors, parents, or an iffy OK Cupid date, this is a solid spot to kill some time in the east village. Beer, wine, coffee, food and snacks, with extra seating in the back atrium.
Good place to read a book at the bar.
Chai latte is great
I love their coffee and their soy chai latte!!  The best!!
The new grapefruit mimosa is brilliant!!!
Can’t find the Mud Truck, but are craving an Iced Almond Latte or a Mint Mochaccino, then grab a seat at their café – especially in the outdoor patio.
Drink the chai latte in the back patio on a rainy day. HUGE MUD MUG;)
Best blend in NYC. Take it to the back.
I'm not even a big coffee guy but this stuff is gooooood!
Good coffee and desserts, banana split is the best. Excellent atmosphere, always.
I typically go with a skim latte, but everything is good.
It's of little consequence to me, but they don't have decaf coffee.
Chai latte, always.
Vanilla latte is excellent
Absolutely not cool to have an Amex offer when the place takes cash only.. Seriously!
Chorizo, manchengo and egg on buttermilk biscuit with green tomato salsa is unreal!!
Tuesday morning is BYOB (Bring Your Own Beans). If you're lucky, they'll grind and brew them for you. I'm not sure, I've never asked, but they seem like a friendly group of people that would.
My go-to cup of coffee in the neighborhood. Try the Mud Mocha.
Here after midnight? Stick with the Gatorade and avoid the chips, fatty.
Their fresh squeezed OJ is derricious. Great varied selection of produce too
Iced coffee is back!
This place is awesome !! Um working there
Everything is so reasonably priced. I go here all the time - cheap, fresh fruit, drinks & sandwiches!
Get your sandwich toasted. Delicious, just saying
Food is amazing but I could not handle the prawn vindaloo. I gave up after 2 tries. Veeeerrrryyyy spicy.
Very tasty! Solid food and FAST service.
Absolutely amazing food!
Food is amazing & inexpensive , a whole in the wall that's worth it: Chicken Tikka Masala, Grilled Lamb Chops, Grilled Chicken Tikka. Def ask for extra rice, yogurt sauce and their homemade chapati
Halloween Bash Party & Hookahs 2012 Party at Wednesday, Oct 31, 2012. Buy Tickets at http://kicktickets.com/new-york/2985/2012/10/31/halloween-bash-party-hookahs-le-caire-lounge
Really good Hookah!
They have great food here but seating is awkward and food takes forever to come out.
Game changer.
The Game has been CHANGED.
Don't get the mint tea.
Heads up this place also auto ads 20% to your bill.
2 floors, ok hookah, meh DJ. $30 min for CC at bar.
Great place for parties! Bring your friends for a good time.
Staff and manager are assholes. Don't bother.
Le Caire is a sexy New York lounge with an intimate feel and Mediterranean flavor. This each village venue has lots of booking options and great deals for dinner and open bar: http://ow.ly/7baIQ
Make sure to come. On Sunday and Monday, when hookahs are $3 each, not the normal $20!
This place sucks.  Waitress could care less.  They did not honor the 7.95 dinner special, and they screwed up our drink order twice
Forced to order more due to a not clearly stated groupon minimum. When the bill came we were hit with a surprise charge for live entertainment and a never before mentioned gratuity. Great food though
Le Caire Lounge Cares about its Diners, Offering Them a 50% off Deal: OpenTable’s Coupon! http://exm.nr/pIaSUP
Terrible, inattentive service. I'd rather pay full price for hookah at a better establishment than pay $3 here.
Tried twice, never again. Went for $3 hookah, not available the first time, then available with drink minimums. Tea is not considered a drink, besides they stop making it at 8. Could be great, but...
Cozy Le Caire Lounge
awesome place to chill!
Try the half melon half grape shisha.
Brilliant Egyptian food! Try - well - everything..
Burgers are big. Really big.
Foods not that good. But the Oreo shake is amazing.
Essential NYU: We can't pinpoint what to get here, but it just seems so NYU. Appropriate for coming in wearing sweats and a battered stomach on a sunday morning.
Get drunk and eat here. Then eat here again the next morning. You won't regret it.
Muito gostoso o classic burguer daqui.
Cozy little place to grab a latenight bite! Grilled cheese with bacon and tomato was delicious! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Never go here. The worst food (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Lo cal turkey burger and split pea soup. Yup.
Food here is great, this is one of my other favorite diners in NYC
Best French Onion Soup... Order your own you won't want to share!
Fast service and knowing that it's fast good decent food quality
Delicious diner food! Decent prices and fast service, yo!
Great burgers.  No pretensions... Just a decent spot.
Great Turkey Burgers.
Get gravy with the fries, really good. Settles the stomach.
Best split pea soup ever!
Over-priced diner food, not worth it
A New York institution....including the impatient (and QUICK AS HELL) servers.
Service is alway great. A nice little diner to visit after you're finished bar-hopping for the night.
Best french onion soup in the city at a cheap price!
Order the bowl of french onion soup...best I've had in a while.
Did you know Cozy Soup and Burger played an instrumental role in the founding of Island Def Jam Records? Read more about it in December's issue of Spin Magazine.
If you wanna accidentally run into famous people, eat here
STUDENTD: Ask about Student Discounts!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php!
I've seen Olympia Dukakis here 3 times.
I saw former NY Knicks player John Starks here once.
I love this place. The guys at the counters are like my old friends. They are real sweethearts!
This is seriously one of the best diners in NYC. The food is all so delicious and the service is fast. It's really crowded during lunch - but it's so worth the wait.
By far the best burger I've ever had in this city. The waiter informed me proudly, "So now you know, the Greeks and diners, we are the best." No argument from me.
An oldie but goodie in the Flatiron District. $20.95 brunch including a cocktail.
Check out Ghosts Of NY Walking Tours!
Check out Ghosts of NY walking tours!
Can't go wrong with chicken or pork platter.  Spicy sriracha mayo or chipotle sauce both rule.
Delicious everything. I dream of schnitzels and sides in my sleep. Yummm
This truck is everything. Go chicken shnitz sandwich on warm and deliciously greasy ciabatta. Also, say hi to Oleg and Hannah, who went to my high school in Paris :)
They have a permanent location on NE corner of 3rd ave and 45th street. Go, schnitzel yourself!
Got the chicken Schnitzel with Yukon fries and cucumber salad :)
Get cod schnitzel with sides of Austrian potato salad and roasted beets & feta salad. Fries are pretty fantastic too!
The pork schnitzel platter with pesto mayo, sauerkraut and Austrian potato salad has made me see God. Tastiest lunch in eons!
Love the cod schnitzel! And from May 1-15 2012, they are helping to raise money for Citymeals-on-Wheels. So get something delicious and make a donation!
Try the chicken schnitzel and get some sides. Be prepared to stand in line though- at lunch time this truck can get crowded.
The girl taking orders is the friendliest person IN THE WORLD. And the food is great.
Woman taking orders mad nice!!
DEElicious!!
First time - the veal schnitzel is good, but a little bland.  Next time I'll get a sandwhich.
The sides sampler is a great way to go if you don't want to clog your arteries today. Love this truck.
schnitzel is average, sides are good, especially the beets and kraut
Yummy but would be even more awesome if they didn't skimp on the sauce.
Fave sides are the sauerkraut and the beets/feta salad.
Sriracha mayo is bomb
Veal schnitzel is a must!
Go for their signature Schnitzel Burger. Get it with the pesto mayo and Yukon gold french fries on the side.
Veal schnitzel and Austrian potato salad are both amazing....the sandwich is HUGE and could very easy feed two peeps...especially if you get a side
Discovered this truck way later than I should have.  Everything here sells well and tastes fresh.  Nice crispy schnitzels of all varieties and creative condiments to accompany them: the perfect lunch!
Everything is good!
Sweet potatoe fries must have!
Get there earlier (around noon) and the line's not too bad
Chicken platter. Fries and cukes. Spicy mayo.
Try everything! It's all amazing.
Service with a smile and well worth the wait.  Chicken schnitzel with sriracha mayo, sides of potato salad and beets/feta.
Get the Turkey this week for Thanksgiving... it's so good!
Really anything you get here will change your life. It's that simple.
Has some of the best Pho I've ever had...not completely authentic, but amazing nonetheless.
The Vietnamese iced coffee. Yuck.
Hire more kitchen staff. ..
Rotisserie chicken bahn mi is a good way to go. Spicy!
Pork chop BahnMi is sooooo good!
Get the long bean as your side.
Dosas are super authentic-it's like being in India again!
Very tasty and very affordable vegetarian lunch option
Awesome food!
Loved channa masala today and mango lassi!!! Place is neat as always and they received "A" from NYHD!!!
A roach fell on my head.
Love the okra and yellow dal here!!
Paper Dosai is fantastic.
Bring your own liquor and pay 5 bucks!
Excellent vegetarian lunch buffet for $8.95. The set-up is pretty unappealing, but the flavors are delicious. And it's all you can eat!
If you're craving South Indian food, you can't go wrong here. Amazing choice and great flavors.
Awesome food and service my friends and family love eating here every chance we get!!! Heatly and tasty!!
Worst service ever. Madras dinner meal was horrible. Gratuity is included in the bill. So, there is no escape.
Super casual, great food, and excellent beer selection. Perfect place to chill with friends almost any night of the week.
The beer and food were fantastic (especially the pb&j and chicken thighs) but the service is atrociously slow. To add insult to injury, the waitstaff isn't particularly sympathetic re: slow service.
Go here if you want to wait an hour for an invisible burger. The Evil Brussels Sprouts were named appropriately.
Vegetarian pro tip: best garden burger in the city.
Becoming one of the best places to get a beer in all of Manhattan.
Good food.
If only there was a espresso machine in there...
Pair an order of the fried-goat-cheese polenta with your craft beer and enjoy this all-Americana bar:
Dig the super fresh house pickles. Beers are great. Stillwater Debutante is served at perfect temp.
Such a great selection of beers and good food. Get the wings, corn and burger. I rarely recommend burgers, but these are ace.
inhopwetrust : wifi
This beer drinker's haven features 36 drafts, featuring the delicious likes of Barrier Brewing's Oil City Black IPA, Stone Levitation's Pale Ale, and Mikkeller's Beer Geek Breakfast.
Randolph Beer Happy Hour: House Burger+Seasoned Fries+20oz pour of your choice of craft beer or wine = $14BARKING!!!
Great craft beer selection and bar scene for casual drinks!
Closed Sundays and Mondays : (
The food is delish! The corn on the cob, Mac n Cheese and burger are a must try.
Order the Evil sprouts. Don't ask questions. The corn off the cob is phenom. Also chicken sandwich is delish
Don't miss the adorable tall chef behind the line. The one in the hat. And the adorable short scruffy
Check out the adorable
Surprisingly good vegetarian options: veg apps, pastas, kale & grain salad
Beers categorized by class: hoppy, fruity, crisp, rich & sweet. How novel
The guys behind the Randolph at Broome (one of our favorite coffee/cocktails spot) have launched this all-Americana craft beer and small-plates bar. On the menu: fried-goat-cheese polenta.
Enjoy the pleasant atmosphere, delicious upscale bar food, and their whopping 36 craft beers on tap, but watch the prices on the beer menu - you're bound to experience sticker-shock.
here's a whole assortment of grub like beer-battered oysters with sambal aioli, lamb sliders, skillet mac and cheese, crispy chicken wings and wedge fries with wild mushroom gravy.
The bartenders are great.  Bethany the FNG pours a mean glass of wine
Looks so cute.
This is the first custom blend made by celebrity butcher Pat LaFrieda
Miserable service and poor management. City Hall of snobtown perhaps.
Great food, but very slow service. Lots of veggie options though, and I loved dessert!
"Oh no I mentioned the bisque"
City Hall Restaurant131 Duane St (btw Church & W. Broadway), New York, NY 10013
City Hall Restaurant is famous for using local organic products, as it changes the menu seasonally. Located right near City Hall, City Hall Restaurant has a wide range of items on its menu.
Colossal shrimp, burger, bananas foster.  Not to be missed.
This is the go-to power-lunching spot for top city officials. On the menu: oysters on the half shell; Ahi ginger tuna burger, a nice selection of entree salads and classic surf-and-turf dishes.
City Hall Bison Burger.
Perfect for brunch with the kids. Big tables, lots of room between them, and they're super nice to kids (markers, activity placemat).
The watermelon gazpacho is like a small taste of heaven. Perfectly refreshing on a hot summer day :-)
The service is incredible. The food was amazing! Its got a nice vibe to it...definitely a classy place for a lunch in. The chef is super friendly as well as the staff.
Tiger Shrimp Fry, Caesar salad, hanger steak and warm chocolate cake! The chef is always kind enough to cone by the table. He also sends out lovely starters and deserts. Wonderful food and service.
The Baker's dozen oysters....delicious!
hmmmmmmmmmm
burgers are delicious!
Lunch menu spans from the burger ($16), a blend of short rib and brisket served on a homemade onion bun, to Delmonico steak ($42), a dry-aged rib eye topped with a dollop of Iowa's Maytag blue cheese.
AMAZING FOOD HERE :)  Go Monday - Friday and sit with Alessandra at the bar :)
Order the raw seafood tower for 2 or 4 - It's spectacular.
best hamburger in NY
You've been warned. Not that good. Definitely don't get the spicy pork. The quesadillas are okay.
Pineapple BBQ sauce is the BEST!
The Tribeca burrito with chipotle sauce is the best in the city.
Tofu chipotle burrito is awesome.
Now at Spring & Greene (Feb. '12).
Their actual food is normal and nothing really special. But their sauces make it more interesting. Spicy mango! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Too slow not worth the wait
...almost as good as Calexico!!!...
Takolar mukemmel
Spicy mango and chipotle crema sauce combo, newb.
Try the cactus taco. Chipotle sauce is tasty. The mango sauce is also good, but warning- can be pretty spicy!
Rule #6548: when you see a long line at taco truck, you must stop
Al pastor taco with pineapple bbq sauce. yumm!
The al pastor is the bomb!
Burrito is nowhere near as good as Dos Toros
Carnitas taco with cilantro, onions and BBQ pineapple sauce. An excellent choice for $2.50 - one is all you need.
Carnitas taco with cilantro, onions and BBQ pineapple sauce. An excellent choice for $2.50 - one is all you need.
Poll asado burrito with everything... get the spicy mango its good !
Best deal in Soho! Get any meat burrito and be sure to load it up with chipotle crema!
Order the meat and tortilla type first. I suggest the TriBeCa taco.
Their chipotle tofu may not be authentic but its madd good.
If you like spice get the Tribeca Taco (a mix of carne and chorizo) with Tribeca sauce. So good! Trust me I know what I'm talking about, I used to live in PHX.
Tacos are pretty authentic by NYC standards. Pollo asado chicken has an almost Indian or Middle Eastern flavor to it. Choice of several different sauces like avocado or spicy mango.
Tried 8 different meals...not ONE was any good. No seasoning, too greasy!!!
Pizza is awesome!!! Slices of pepperoni pizza are huge!!!
They moved down the road to 384 Broome St.
Great NYC style slice of pizza!
The service was great. Unfortunately, I wasn't too impressed with my order. The meatball pizza didn't taste like it was cooked thoroughly & the calzone taste a bit burnt. :-/
We don't use caned mushrooms, they are sautéed!
STUDENTS: Get 25% off!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php!
Great neighborhood Brooklyn pizza joint! Their thin sicilian is the best I've ever had.
Great pasta
Excellent spaghetti carbonara...
Great NYC pizza. No frils. Don't order mushroom slice b/c they used canned. Their chicken parm is decent.
Go for the duck taco's!!! Delicious!
If they don't quit with the Dave Matthews mix, I'm going to kill myself and everyone else in here.
Tons of Dave Matthews on shuffle... Take that sans connotation :0)
Features fresh wine straight from the barrel and made on-site by vintner David Lecomte, making for some of the freshest, most eco-friendly wine around.
James at the bar is great. So are the sangrias
You need a code to enter the bathroom !!! what a disgusting idea
Try the Holiday Feast Burger - Grab a fork- the mushrooms spill out because the Swiss cheese is on top and the Port wine sauce soaks the bottom bun. Tasty, though.  (via @Foodspotting)
Village Voice recommends the Goodburger Classic
Need to charge your phone? Look for tables along the wall- quite a few outlets.
Try the Classic goodburger - With fries.  (via @Foodspotting)
que delicia
Always check in before you order so your drink is free
try the cookies n cream shake
Use the outlet next to the end of the banquette for charging your phone.
not worth it for the price and the super long wait.
Love the turkey burgers.
Eh, It's losing it's novelty each time I go
They lie!!  No loyalty special given to customers!  L-A-M-E
They pr-fry the fries, package them up and have them ready to go when you order.  That makes for chewy stale fries!  Ask for a fresh order.
The classic burger is awesome and I love the chicken fingers the honey mustard sauce is the best!
The turkey burger is a decent slam of protein. Skip the fries, yo!
Only plays electronic music.
STUDENTS: Get 10% off every order with coupon and student ID!More at CampusClipper.com!
LUV the goodburger salad, turkeyburger, classic goodburger, fries & vanilla shake - all good
Check out Prana Power Yoga just down the street from Paragon, at 862 Broadway, 2nd Floor.  HOT yoga classes for all levels.  Check out Hour of Power, Prana to Music, and Candlelight Flow classes!
They don't seem to honor 4sq freebies. #fail
Try the Goodburger Salad With Crabby Patty - #sweet #delicious crab cake on top of a #healthy #organic salad.  (via @Foodspotting)
The grilled chicken sandwich is really good!
Really good fries!
Great place to get a burger near Union Square, friendly staff and good food.
Walked in as they were closing and they were happy to stay open for another 20 minutes to serve my friends and I. Much appreciated! A little pricey, but really good!
Get the grilled chicken sandwich and the lime Rickey, the perfect meal for the summer, and by the far the vest grilled chicken sandwich in NYC, but get it with the "works"
Get. The. Cheese. Fries.
$2 milkshakes every Tuesday and Thursday between 3-5pm!
The mayor of goodburger gets a free burger every Monday that they're mayor & everyone receives a free soda on every checkin!
Attending Rock & Roll with Morimoto and Friends as part of the New York City Wine & Food Festival? Tweet and instagram your photos to @FoodNetwork using #NYCWFF!
Great hot dog: Kobe hot dog. Great Gouda cheese fries as well.
service is a bit slow but the burgers are delish, they actually have flavor! the bananas foster milkshake is amazing.
This place is not as good as Smashburger. The fried pickles were soggy inside and burnt outside.
The smoked gouda curly cheese fries (served with jalapeños) are heavenly!
I love the location right across from bryant park and how they decorate the walls with famous people. The food was excellent and attentive staff as well. They have a happy hour and is after work spot
LT Backyard burger with egg was amazing! The cheese fries for sharing were the icing on the cake! Definitely going back!
De las mejores hamburguesas en NYC. Ask for Gabriela she is the best waitress here.
New. Taste: The Standard - made with Angus beef or the Dirty Chicken - smothered with smoked Gouda and frizzled onions...cooked to order and served on a toasted potato bun
S'mores milk shake is amazing. Save room.
Overpriced for the food. 2.50 for cheese! Skip this place and go directly to black shack at lex/38. Better service and value.
Fried pickles. The Mexican. Either a shake and/or the fried Oreos.
The LT Burger is great! Make sure you ask for Quinten he is the best server ever!!
Best bets: The Standard burger; fried Oreos; Barking Bourbon shake
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
people is very nice here and the food is  ok
Overpriced sandwiches, so-so service. Ungenerous with avocado. I'd forgotten my sandwich even had avocado until I accidentally bite into it more than halfway through the sandwich.
Get a sandwich, your soda or coffee is free. Every day!
Great pastries
Either I checked into the wrong place or the entrance is on 46th St.
Roasted turkey sandwich. Raisins are a nice touch. They're really raisin the bar here.
Small lattes for just $1.75 between 3-5pm make my afternoon
The shrimp salad is great!
Coffee happy hour: half priced coffees after 3pm. Also loyalty card gives you free coffee after 10 purchases!
Recommended sandwiches: roasted turkey, bacon & avocado for robust hearty flavor; shrimp salad for a classic; and lemon chopped chickpeas for a  refreshing deliciousness that doesn't leave you hungry!
Shrimp salad sandwich is delicious.
Come try our new menu, the Blackened Flank Steak pressed sandwich is amazing! :)
The roasted turkey sandwich is awesome!
Get the marinated eggplant sandwhich but ask for it as a salad- so yummmm!
The pole-caught tuna is fabulous!
Smoked ham sandwich with avocado is the best deal (under $5).  Listed under breakfast item but avail all day; also delicious!
Gruyere, ham and pear on cranberry-pecan bread is to die for!!!
Coffee happy hour from 3pm.  All coffee half price!
Meatloaf sandwich, chips and a Boylan Ginger Ale
The mint tea has me hoping for a little hookah patio on the side of this truck. It's like Moroccan sweet tea.
The platters are great. Get them over couscous with their suggestion of sauces.
pretty awsome
From my experiences here, the staff is VERY friendly and personable.
Tourists are friendly and so are the staff!
I've tried Starbucks in Australia, Singapore, Thailand and the United States... they all taste the same.
I tried raspberry iced coffee for the first time and it was delicious.
If you're here, aren't a paying customer and taking seats while actual customers have to stand, you're a dick!
Dam slow service
Never have places to sit!
Iced coffee --> 16 minutes
Ugh, tourists.
A Venti shakened iced tea lemonade with passion tea? Freakin' the best....
Theres never any seats!
Slowest staff EVER!!! It's not even full
Finally found a sit at Starbucks to have a drink & use the wi-fi. Yeaaaaa 4 me
Grande caramel machitto
Awake and alive on the 90 day challenge. Www.seethechallenge.com
Great staff! Thank you so much for helping me!!
Great, great staff. Always filled with annoying tourists but the best Starbucks to go to if you're forced into Times Square because of work.
Baristas are friendly but this place is always overrun with tourists. Avoid if poss.
If you come here as often as I do the staff memorizes your usual stuff. They are really great! Love this Starbucks!
Dont come on 10 min breaks, youll never get your fix fast enough :P
Seriously amazing weekday morning crew!!
Em frente ao Times Square, internet free :) - peça baguel com cream cheese!!
Come in on a weekday morning, awesome crew.
No restrooms but free WiFi ;)
Café eficiente por conta do frio, mas não ter lugares para sentar não rola.
24hrs? I went at 5:15am and they were closed
Free wifi
Grab a coffee.
No power and no free wi-fi $3.99 for 2hrs with At&t
Excellent rice! And the koobideh kebobs will melt in your mouth.
Authentic food and great service. Nicest owner, thanks for the wine!
What a treat!
Owned by the former goalie for the Iranian national soccer team!
Nice iranian Restaurant love The meat but The cherry rice & orange raisin rice is sweet and I prefer regular rice. Do order the trio yogurt!
Sour cherry rice is relish! Try the chicken pomegranate stew and the lamb shank for entrees! Bakalava is to die for.
Definitely try fesenjoon, authentic Persian dish and legitimately delicious. Best if shared w the table. Muy bueno.
Ask for tahdig (sounds more like ta'dik). Not on the menu, bit they serve it. Delicious!
Try the cherry rice
Get the hot sauce, the really hot sauce!!!
Best coffee in NYC
Wow! Absolute worst pancakes I have ever eaten! They tasted like cardboard and extremely dry! Never again!!! It was like eating frozen pancakes thrown on a grill. Yuck!
Exactly the same lunch menu and cheaper but lesser quantity than Pax foods. They should fill their salad bowls to the brim for $8 ! Stop being stingy on a freaking salad. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't get the pizza unless you just want some bread.
The tomato bisque is the perfect complement to a meal!
Prepacked salads reasonably priced and delicious.
Great pressata paninis and a good variety.
Place has amazing pasta...
Place has amazing pasta...
Great veggie cream cheese!
The cannolis are spectacular!! Have a dash of cinnamon!
Coffee is always good.
Surprisingly good coffee!
Tomato basil soup is fantastic
Europa has the best salad bar (for an all around cafe) in the 'hood, and they will chop if you ask!  Their dessert items are delicious and way more decadent than you'd expect--the Oreo cookie bar temp
chicken roll ftw
Delicious pizza.
Love there Rigatoni Bolonese!
Try the middle eastern food! Chicken and lamb gyro combo is delish!
The La Crosta salad is a nice mix of marinated red peppers and artichoke and parm. It's fantastic! Pizza is classic NYC style. Crust is pretty doughy but I personally like it that way..
The most fun you'll ever have eating a $14 hamburger!
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Decent food, the atmosphere is cool. There's a entertainment fee.
Food is okay. Really you are paying for the experience, so enjoy it as much as you can. Talk to the actors, be silly, that's why they are there.
Currently closed for renovation, but you get a coupon uptown for the downtown location
One of my fav memories as a kid.  Aawesoome placee to go to esp if u like halloween. And I dun usuallly say awesome lol its not cheap but wher else can u talk to a talking head n watch a show lol
Jekyll & Hyde Club1409 6th Avenue (btw 57th and 58th), New York, NY 10019American Restaurant, Bar, Sandwich Place
Try the Spooky Spinach & Artichoke Dip! - All the food here is spooky! (via @Foodspotting)
Come when they open, all the attention will be on you and the food is extremely fresh and delicious.
Dark in here! Whoooo
Cool place, but waaaay,over priced.
Great, crazy atmosphere. The food is pretty good, and the show is completely cheesy and campy, but at the same time outstanding! I recommend it!
Left because service is horrible....don't waste your time.
Very fun but not worth the money.
Love these bartenders!
Atmosphere and entertainment are awesome! But the food wasn't good and the service left a lot to be desired. :-(
That's BS that they have a $5.00 plate charge if you share meals.... Talk about nickeling and diming a customer!!!!!!
AWESOME environment. Food is mediocre, way overpriced. And honestly I find the "entertainment" walking around a bit annoying. Animatronics are cool, tho!
Slowest bar tenders known to mankind...
Make sure you allow a lot of time between your reservation and your next activity... it's a lot more than just a restaurant, but the wait is worth it!
the food is very overpriced. but it is a great entertainment restaurant. should experience this place at least once. perfect around halloween time.
Themed Dining, where the play’s the thing http://exm.nr/qw8VcQ
Read all the tips and have to ask. What did you all expect? This place is as much about the food as rainforest cafe is. It's an experience and it's NYC=expensive. Only here because am w/a tourist. Fun
Awesome theme restaurant!!!*****
Despite the cash and amex thing, I think the food is decent and the atmosphere is out of this world.  I always bring out of towners here for a truly unique dining experience.
The food blows but my kids LOVE it. And they only take cash or Amex
I love this restaurant because it feels like a haunted mansion and the people who work there act and make the setting believable. Also, all the kids love it. The food is okay, the show is better.
Waited over an hour for food while tables sat around us after we arrived received theirs. Portions small and looked thrown together. Butler actor was great, neat decor. High prices! 17.95 for pasta!
Save your time. Get a hot dog from the vendor.
Skip this place!
The owner is to be avoided a hot head and isn't afraid to hit a woman. I'm boycotting his establishment for life
order the grandma slice over a regular slice.  more sauce, more garlic and much less greasy then a regular slice.
Best desserts in new york! Be sure to get a reservation- seats fill up quick!
The bartender had a great recommendation, the Greco di Tufo - glad I listened!
New on the menu...tagliatelle all' amatriciana with pancetta, tomato, and parmigiano....  Delicious!
Go for the larger portions for a main, just the right size to enjoy, but not overload.
Get a pasta. With the carbs. Cavatelli with Sausage Ragú if you know what's good for you
Cute neighborhood Italian & New American restaurant.  Friendly staff and great owners!
Checkin in for Chiara's BDay
get the apple fritters for dessert.
Ricky has the genuine Cadbury from the UK. Flake bars seem to be all the rage..
When they say "pico" they really mean it! Tiny little tacos!
Be ready to wait for your food. Takes forever :/
New advertisement designs for your deli section. Check out some new designs.
Sit by the window and watch the scenery
Remember to show off your foursquare check in for a free dog, or else you'll end up paying almost $8 for 2
Try the Udon (via @Foodspotting)
Try the 黒龍 (via @Foodspotting)
Silver cod skewer was delish but if you want to keep it simple, go with sashimi #ffactorapproved
Green tea crepe is a must get. One of my favorite.
Food was good, service was terrible. The check was the quickest thing arrive at the table.
The movie The Interpreter filmed scenes inside the UN Headquarters, watch it now!
Koshi-hikari Echigo Beer "こしひかり越後麦酒" is fine!
The Tajima Kobe Beef Chateubriand is an OH YES. Also, don't overlook the parmesan french fries with white truffle oil.
The restaurant week menu is great but the chocolate moose taste like moose's @$$. Also try the Oh Toro, one of the best in the city.
Omakase sake pairing - go for it! Well worth it - once.
Best presentation ever!!...Order one of the MEGU Signature River Stone Grill options!!!!
Ugh went to this place for Rest wk 2010. Two of us got the Yellow Tail Carpachio & the bento box (all chef's choice), then spent the next 5 hrs in the bathroom. I will choose my own food in the future
Food is excellent - pricey, yes. 1/2 price wine bottles on Tuesday, can't go wrong.
kobe beef burger is beyond words. my all-time favorite.
Maguro carpaccio is melt-in-your-mouth goodness.
This place sucks. Horrible service, tiny portions, and over priced.
Apparently, you sit at the bar and own karaoke.
The Dragon Roll Rocks!!! Also if you get the chance, as its a rare daily special, go for the Oysters w/ Ponzu and Yuzu.
Spicy Scallop Roll will be big in 2012. /cc @cheneypredicts (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the dinner specials, especially the grilled yellowtail neck. It comes with clam/tofu miso soup, rice and plenty of side dishes. My favorite Japanese restaurant!
This is one of my fav sushi restaurants in NYC. Excellent traditional sushi (confirmed by Japanese friends) and maybe the best cut raw fish at this very affordable price. sit at sushi bar.
They make a dope turkey bacon egg and cheese.
It was "no bad". And today's NY Post says you can receive "service" from waitresses and barmaids while awaiting your slice. Aye Carumba! To quote Ahnold , "I'll be back!"
One of the better Cuban sandwiches I've had.
Have an ICE Cold Presidente Beer and register to win an ALL expenses paid 4-day Caribbean Experience for you and a guest to Hard Rock Punta Cana. Must be 21+
recession has not hit this place, best beer specials out there! the mofongo is a little suspect though.
Bring a bottle opener!
Best value in the Yankee Stadium area! Any 3 beers for $10!! A must before any Yankees game!
It's such a tight spot to be in, it's almost claustrophobic but the dudes that work there are so nice you have to keep coming back.
Better than the other Chinese in the area
A great local destination for food, drinks and live Entertainment. A gem for people of all ages.  Marketing efforts by privmg.com
This new outdoor spot is going to be the new Frying Pan. Enjoy before that happens
La Marina is beautiful, I felt like I was at South Beach. This place is full of beautiful people..........
The Croque Madame is to die for! have your friend order the skirt steak and share. You'll thank me.
Venue is great. Drinks are OK. A bit pricey (tips are pre-added to bill). Menu is very limited. Service not so good. Parking is not so good ($20 dollars for valet...). OK only for the summer months...
Fun place to spend a summer afternoon in the city.  Great for the river views & people watching. Service is spotty. From great to horrendous & unfortunately tips are always added to bill.
Get their mojito, the queen bee's love it.
These mofolos charge to relight the hookah charcoal. Smdh!
This place is a goldmine, theres the great drinks, decent food menu and good looking people, from the waitresses to the crowd And u by the water with the g.w. bridge as ur back drop what can beat that
There are going to be some great end of the Summer parties here! (we hear!)
The white sangria is on point!
Wonderful view of the GWB and awesome interior decor. Vegetarians the menu is limited and is also a "preview" so hopefully that is updated soon.
Just north of Fort Tryon Park. Views of the Palisades and the George Washington Bridge. Menu: Casual, with a raw bar, mussels and fries, salads, steak a la plancha,seafood stew and striped bass tamale
Beautiful view! The eater review says they serve lobster and Oysters - not yet! The food was okay, but the staff was amazing; each person more welcoming than the next! Downside parking is $20!
The Salmon is a must try. After dinner ask our Mixologist behind the bar for "The Samantha" it's a pretty popular cocktail.
Their bagels are very good and extremely cheap too
Friendliest deli in town, and great breakfast sandwiches! Prices are extremely fair.
Try a little of their everything. It's all good!
Whether you're in Inwood or not, this is where you should be.
Healthy treats, lobster mac, great paninis, and good coffee!
Lobster mac & cheese and the Lamb Rollatini changed my life!! Yummmm
My favorite dessert are their fresh Cannolis from the Belmont Bakery in the Bronx
Near a beautiful park and views of the park and lake from inside the cafe. Or take some food to go and eat outside :)
Try the Mexican Torta. So good chunks  of chorizo with a side of watermelon. Fresh squeezed oj was very good but small. Indian Spice And Black Irish tea were good, asked for it steeped in steamed milk
LOVE the vanilla latte!
Four words: Lobster Mac and Cheese.
Vanilla soy latte. They make their own vanilla flavoring.
The Breakfast Burritos and the Ginger Man Punch is on point!
An unpretentious, fabulous place in Inwood. Great food, very friendly staff, lovely vibe, a true neighborhood cafe. They also do a good job with Counter Culture beans.
One of those rare places you can stop into nearly any time of day. Great coffee in the AM, amazing bar thereafter.
Grab a muffin, chai latte, and grab a seat in the back near the drinks refrigerators. Fave place to sit and get away!
The vegan banh mi is off the chain.
The mac and cheese, as well as the open-face steak sandwich are out of this world. Legit.
great selection of beers
Free wifi!!
Had a great couple o' dishes here. Very nice corner spot.
Brunch is generally good; dinner OK but a little pricy; Awesome beer selection. The service is decent, although it can be spotty when they're really busy. They have an open mic every Monday.
Open mic - Monday nights!
Free Internet and great coffee!
Love this place. They feature a craft distillery every month!
If looking for an Amazing sandwich try the pulled pork. So Ono!
Great casual environment. Reminds me of Central Perk from the show Friends :) The omlet special is deelish!
A gem in Northern Manhattan. Get the Lobster Mac and Cheese.
Wow! The pastries have improved over the last few months! Great and tasty selection.
Anna's Coffee and Espresso is the best. She's awesome every time. :)
Lobster Mac & Cheese!
Try a hum punch or come to our Punch Lab Sunday, May 15th, 3:30-5.  http://events.constantcontact.com/register/event?llr=bfatvmcab&oeidk=a07e3ulg6b9d1d99a23
Check out Mike Golden once a month!
That eastchester burger!!
Best burgers in the city!
Order a burger. Always. They are always good.
They have karaoke now!
Go to the drunkest brunch around! Shhh, don't tell anyone but they have unlimited booze for brunch.
Slow service, but great burgers.
Best hamburgers in the city!
Awesome burgers and the veggie burger is sooo good!
Awesome place to drink
The Irish nachos are to DIE for (and you just might- of indigestion, that is.)
Best onion rings around! I know onion rings. Properly served w spicy mustard mixed house dipping sauce.
There the best love it
Not 'the best burgers in town', but they are right up there. Fries not so good if you like softer fries. Opt for the sweet potato fries instead
Good pub grub.
Dancing on the tables is absolutely not allowed. So when you finally do it, give it your all so it will be unforgettable.
Strangers love it when you randomly ask them to smell your fingers.
Their burgers are the best! Especially the blue cheese burger.
Best beer batter onion rings
Great bar serving delicious burgers – try the Bronx Bomber.  And come on Sunday night for their Karaoke Happy Hour starting at 9pm!
Best brunch ever!  Eastchester burner is fantastic!
Went for Guinness & Karaoke night where these guys really knew how to sing some Boys2Men
Never expect a second drink at a table
A burger at The Kilt is one of NYC life's best indulgences. Worth sayin "BaZingA" for!
See Katie on Wednesday night!!! She's the bestest gal
Have a Bronx Bomber burger. You won't be sorry.
Awesome burgers, onion rings (love the dipping sauce!), grilled cheese... love it all.
Get the Bleu cheese burger. Great!
Best burgers in town. Hands down!
Old school pub that treats it's customers well. Among the best burgers in the city. Eastchester's my shit!
Peanut butter cookie is pretty much scrumptulescent.
Their chicory-infused cold brew iced coffee is spectacular.
Great place to stop in and stock up on your favorite (Malin+Goetz) products! Try the Peppermint Shampoo and the Cilantro Hair Conditioner, your scalp will love it.
Ok.  You don't serve espresso over ice??  Crap. Stop it. It's coffee....Jesus christ
When sipping on your BluePrintJuice, be sure to check out Lost Weekend NYC's trendy lifestyle boutique and rotating art exhibit!
They have tea now! Try a mocha with Mast chocolate.
Wonderful Blue Bottle coffee, now on the LES
Super delicious blue bottle coffee. They also have hair products and clothing for sale. Not sure what they're trying to go for.
Michael and his staff are dope.  Relaxed and almost tropical vibe, great coffee, and living room setting.  Support these cats.
BLUE BOTTLE COFFEE IN MY HOOD FOR THE FUCKING WIN!!!!!!!!!!!111
It's cute. They don't have tea :(
It's amazing! The best coffee in nyc! And they have a sexy barista...
Stop by for some delicious Blue Bottle Coffee!
Lemon juice is a surprisingly delicious dressing and healthy.
The wraps are delicious.
Spicy Thai Peanut and Chipotle Vinaigrette are yummy dressings.
Got chicken soup and a salad.  Salad was good, chicken soup was excellent!
Shrimp wrap and berry wild smoothie. Best dinner I've found here in awhile.
I usually prefer Chop't, but this is a good backup.  Also, their bread tastes better than Chop't's.
Get the loyalty card and the reusable bowl. Then go after 2 p.m. for two free toppings and 10% off with the card.
Get there at 12:30pm:  longest line ever.  Get there at 2pm:  IN & OUT.
Ooh, salad, with lots of wombats and sheep!
Hudson valley mix is great if you add chicken.
Buy a reusable bowl for $1
Buy a reusable bowl for a dollar and get two free sides every time u bring it back
Cash only. They have homemade soy milk hmmmm
They have new options now!
Delicious! Make sure to ask for a coupon card
The smoothies use real fruit but the bubble teas use powder.
Get the 3 berry combo - black/blue/rasp - u will feel gr8!
Has the best bubble tea next to Ten Ren in Chinatown. Def better than Saint Alp's. They also make great slushies...one of the best things on hot summer days.
Great chopped salads, they have almost every ingredient you can think of.
Very friendly staff!!
Panni are great but I can do without the potato chips.
Lots of vary types of pizza!
They don't accept American express so you can't use the special!
Solid... good salad, bagels, pizza for decent price.
shitty, overpriced, and inconsistent. Cookies are often crazy stale as well.
The employees are actually very nice, and the salads are super fresh & cheap and come with a toasted bagel. Woot!
If you can, go to delAncey and GEISH!!!!!!!!
$3.25 for a pepperoni slice
Watch out for hairs in your salad!! I was lucky enough for two!
The beef patty with cheese is a New York institution.
Great desserts, be nice to the staff! If you are, they're nice to you. Plus they are basically awake for 24 hours a day
This place should actually be called hot and sweaty :( they shush you after 1 and are really rude!! If you like to laugh +talk go across the st..choolo  doesn't allow laughter or happiness.food sucks
Pizza here is too expensive!
So much better than hot dogs!
Employees could not be more rude, go anywhere else if you can
Come here when you're wasted!
Pretty good pizza for really cheap.
nothing here tastes good and the employees are jerks.
Garlic knots look amazing, but you can only buy 4 at a time - no single sins.
great bagels
Pizza Bagels are yummy!!
Pizza is def not worth it...go across the st and get some hot dogs
I'm obsessed with their micheladas. I could drink them all day.
Awesome Vato decor
Try the signature margarita - it's on fire. Literally.
The flaming margarita is fantastic! (Too bad you won't remember it!)
I'm Mexican and from SoCal so I know this is as authentic as it gets people! Simply Amazing!:) If you like FAKE mexican food don't even bother
Chicano food straight outta Los Angeles.
Food blows... flavorless and cafeteria-grade. At least we got a free Lil Vato toy.
Beef was dry...tortilla shell stale...sour cream warm and runny. Cute Lil vatos came with the margaritas though! Only plus about this place.
This place looks and feel like your on the side of the highway on route 66 having Mexican food... Tonight soundtrack sealed the deal: Erotica by Night - Rick Vito
Ice cold beer, hot sauce, citrus juice and a salted rim make for adelicious and refreshing michelada at Florencia 13:http://bit.ly/GLmTfs
Ice cold beer, hot sauce, citrus juice and a salted rim make for adelicious and refreshing michelada at Florencia 13:http://bit.ly/GLmTfs
If you are into CA Mexican then this is the only acceptable NYC restaurant that I have found.  Get the Mulholland Drive salad and the East Los burrito
Fish taco. Yummy!
Great place but totally different to the NY Mexican food!
The San Gabriel chile relleno is delicious
The restaurant is too small and too under staffed when it's busy.
This place was better when their enchiladas didn't cost $16. Mexican food doesn't have to be this expensive
Get a homierita and avoid the sangria
Happy hr $5 margaritas.  And they are actually delicious.
Do not try the salads. Tried two different ones and all are a bust.
Offensively disgusting nachos
Must try the sangria! Get a small pitcher for two.
order delivery from a socal area code and they'll give you special treatment
I trust the food!!!
Get a margarita with your nachos. The guac here is awesome.
Order the East LA margarita and burrito! :-)
This is a great place for some Margaritas and Wet Burritos! Enjoy!
Homierita! It comes with a homie! Good burritos, too.
House made chili sauce is crazy good. Need a suggestion? Rudy at the bar will not lead you astray. Order whatever the hell he says!
Try the black cherry mojito. It is amazing.
Pastrami or bust.
The efficiency of their AM rush service is truly a sight to behold. Seriously. Faster than McDonald's. tastier also!
Try the sandwich with meat cheese on a bun
Столик у окна обязательно. И тут работает официанткой девушка из Мордовии, Россия. Так что спикаем рашн;)
Try signature sandwich number one: turkey, corned beef, Swiss cheese, cole slaw, and Russian dressing. Flavor explosion.
Deli of the famous flying sandwiches! Excellent food.
Veggie pizza is awesome
Very upbeat deli fun! Cute construction workers
First place in NY that I found has taylor ham!
The food is good but way over priced. Much better deli's in the area and much cheaper
Place your order at the grill and then pay at the register.
Breakfast sandwich plus coffee: $3.50
Stopped here because it was convenient.....I am glad I did because the food was great!
Muy buena vista a Ground Zero desde el primer piso.
This is the absolute best place to get breakfast. I highly recommend it.
bran muffin toasted with butter. best brans in the world. get em every morning.
Get the pancakes, they are amazing.
For lunch, you can get a sandwich, chips, pickle, water/can of soda and a cup of soup for under $9. Can't beat that!
Great food. Family run business. Nick is the best. Favorite place to go to start the day.
Try the Shio Chasyu-Tsukemen - Must-try cold handmade noodle dipped in hot soup is what makes this st marks ramen place special  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Charsu Shoyu Ramen - 薄味だけどイイ感じ♪ (via @Foodspotting)
Gyoluo ramen
Try the Gyolou Ramen
If you have a palate for spicy food, then you have to try the spicy pork ramen. Their broth is amazing. The ramen was a little chewy for me but maybe that's because of all the store bought ramen.
Always get extra pork enough said.
Best. Ramen. Ever.
Huge fan of the tsukemen - just a huge ball of noods ripe for dippin in a porky salty scallopy seafoody broth. Good in summer OR winter.
I always get the R5 with extra pork, because a friend recommended it to me and I'm a creature of habit.
No chicken to be found here. but veggie option was very good.
Please try Karaage, Fried Chicken! The sauce is so nice. It's miso sauce!
Try the Shoyu Ramen - I'd prefer cold ramen in the summer time, but nice shoyu broth could do too. (via @Foodspotting)
Great affordable ramen and pretty fast moving traffic.
Make a meal out of sides. It's more fun and cheaper!!!
Onigiri is awesome, but make sure you get it at lunch and not for dinner
their gyoza tastes sour
Small cozy and fast ramen for one
Order #5! Fat unique noodles and goood broth.
If you don't like broth, get one of the Tsukemens.
Combo meal is such a good deal. Get the Syo you Ramen and Curry Rice!
Order the tsukemen (cold noodles with hot dipping broth).  It's the best!
1. Miso ramen is hearty and flavorful. 2. Be warned: unlike other ramen joints, Setagaya charges for tea.
Not good at all. Ippudo is where the best ramen is - in NYC.
I always get the tsukemen. Just dip the noodle in the soup and slurp !
Shio ramen
Spicy miso is delicious! Order extra noodles if you want to finish your broth. Eat!
RS says: Try the Spicy Miso Ramen. "The medium-weight miso is earthy and gritty, the level of heat higher than you'd ever expect, and the kernels of corn a cooling component. "
Shio ramen for a light, refreshing meal. Noodles are on the soft side.
Must try the Shio Tsukemen if u like hard and hand pulled noodle!
Winner of Best Japanese—Ramen in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue!  Careful - the hot miso ramem is HOT!  But in the best way.
$5 Mexican bottled beer and margaritas every day? Done.
Food is always great! Never disappoints. I love aa restaurant that's consistent, consistently good. And $5 margaritas, FTW!
Best Urban taqueria in all of NYC.
For a 3$ taco this place wasn't bad on a Monday night. It's a dive but good for being a dive!
Beer was warm. Everything was undercook. Food was cold. This is the worst place ever. Do not come here! Please save yourself a trip and lots of money.
Been here a bunch of times and food is always top notch, best taco place in the W Village.
Blood orange margarita...
The pork belly and fish tacos are good but there is no reason for them to be $3 each. The 'host' is a douche. Customer service here is abhorrent except for the bartender. He seems like a nice guy.
This place sucks. I'm still sitting here and I can't wait to get out.
Frozen margs are huge, cheapest way to pre-drink!
They just pile the food on your plate. Definitely worth the money. And everything was delicious =]
Can't go wrong with the ribs they make a mess but are good
beef ribs bbq is very good, but I'd recommend you to share with someone. The portion is so big that it can feed a family of four.
Live the half chicken and corn bread
a server name James T. really knocked my socks off in service. He knew how to upsell and advised on cooking of steaks and ask to cut into the steak to see if it's up to par in cooking. He's awesome!
A little small, got nice deals sometimes.
Don't you dare set foot in here.  There are dozens of legit BBQ spots in the city.  You should be embarrassed if you're eating here.
No free drink refills.  They say so on their menu.
Sweet food and crazy drinks. The long island iced tea was crazy alcohol. Texas size is the way to go.
Go before 5 and the meal for 2 is a bargain. Use the cash you save for a Texas size drink. Well worth it. You may get meat sweats after eating so much food.
Get the cornbread!!! Nom nom nom nom
Early Bird
Try getting the chicken well done, it's taken off the rotisserie and put on the grill.
come on you gotta get the texas size margarita with an extra shot ;)
Not bad, but not good either. For the best BBQ in the city, head to Hill Country BBQ by Madison Sq Park.
Margarita's are the move!!!!!!
Two words: Beef ribs. That's it.
Texas sized drinks are a plus. Texas ribs are the best I've had north of the Mason-Dixon. Cornbread and fries need work.   4 Stars
Have the early bird special!
My favorite NYC guilty pleasure. Chicken with fries and Texas-sized margarita with an extra shot for a buck, of course!
try the texas size pina colado!! soo good! you can mix it with other colorful flavors like watermelon, blueberry etc. I'm going to come back and try the mix next time!!
Best people watching in EV. Big ass dranks. Get crunk. ;D
Great place to get chicken & ribs with a big size Texas drink...Service is great and you can even watch a game or two...
This place has a very odd scent from the outside
NO VEGANS & VEGETARIANS ALLOWED!
Cant go wrong with anything in this place...Pina Coladas are perfection!
Everything served here comes as a thick paste out of a machine & it's so good
Rum punch Texas size shooter w/extra shot is the way to go
Texas sized drinks and meals at great low price, you can't beat this with a stick in NYC!!
Watch Out! This is a boot leg restaurant of the actual Dallas BBQs
Booth in the back is closest to the TV's so if you come when sports are on it's the best seat in the house.
It's Cash Only, which sucks.
Great for drinks, not food. Avoid the pork.
It's horrid!!! -_-....I don't recommend it to anyone
And what a happy hour it is
Giant margarita!!
Go for happy hour
The cornbread tastes like it was made with toilet water. Avoid it. Also they've apparently got nothing but American "cheese" for anything.
$5 for 20oz frozen drinks at Happy Hour!
Full rack if baby back ribs for $10 and $3 beers, ch
Favorite BBQs. Same food, better prices.
The early bird special is great .. only location that has it $5
Great fried chicken. Cheap and not too greasy. Very different atmosphere compared to the other BBQs; possibly because this is a different franchise, altogether.
Kind of ghetto,but drinks are cheap and strong. Great college hangout.
Not bad to be an Imitation "Dallas BBQ".
Low-priced drinks!
Frequently packed with NYU freshman.  Broken glass almost every night.  Drink specials are pretty good though.  BBQ is a fun place to grab a few drinks with friends downtown.
They have great prices here .. Under $15 for sure !! They don't have the special drinks though ... But all and all ... Good time
Service isn't great . No BBQ sauce on tables. Shabby appearance.
This is the best BBQ's! Friendly staff and affordable food and great drinks. Perfect for a good time on a budget.
60 minutes for our drinks to arrive on a Saturday night
This is not Dallas BBQ just a look alike.
Good spot when you're on a budget (wink wink)
3.50 mojitos and margaritas Thursday night until 9pm.
Not as good as it used to be when it was a block away, and they took some things off the menu, but all in all still tasty
get a ridiculous amount of food for under 15 bucks. the giant size drinks are HUGE and full of liquor. you've been warned.
If you can't decide, get the espresso frappe. It's much more decadent than anything like it at Starbucks.
The service is spectacular... They're always smiling over there... Also Great music selection ♪♫
We had the caramel dark light chocolate mango pistachio yum w/ my step daughter Karina
The Spekuloos is the perfect winter flavor. So good.
Try the crepe gelato!
The hot chocolate has slices of hazelnut. I've died and gone to chocolate heaven.
Great ciccolatto!!
Get as many flavors as you want on one cone!
This place is a bit pricey but worth every penny!! It's just as good as the one in Paris.
Awful service. Awfulllll....
Flavor of the month( gusto del mese): ananas! (pineapple!) it won't be around after September so give it a try!!
Fun fact- you can mix any flavors you want for a flat price! Hazelnut chocolate is the best, hands down.
Pay first and enjoy your gelato! Banana del Brasile & Dulce de leche!!!
tastes like Italy
Amex Foursquare deal available!
Expensive, but the gelato is pretty authentic and delishhhh
Pistachio was yum yum yum!
Awesome flavors!  Exit door by Gelato and snag bench outside.  Nice spot for enjoying the Gelato and people watching.
Done... =)
Dessert @ Amorino. Noce gelato so yummy. My fav.
mango gelato tastes more like a real mango than anything mango-flavored i've ever had
love their passion fruit flavor, get as many flavors as you want to fit in the flower
first one statside! oh yeah!
Very natural-tasting gelato comes in a unique presentation of flower petals. Try the Focaccine--a warm, soft brioche bun filled with gelato of your choice.
Amazing gelato, especially L'Inimitable and Caramello. Great service too!
Their gelato is freshly made everyday. Must eat！
1st time I went to Amorino was in Paris. This location's good too! Their gelato is delish and they sculpt your cone into a rose! But when it's in a cone it looks like a vag. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best gelato hands down! Unlimited gelato flavors per order :). Free cookie with the largest cup of gelato.
There is nothing not yummy here.  Very few seats tho.
The best chocolate choice is the one with Amorino in the name
Ginger sauce is legit
Not bad although the meat was a little suspect.  Food truck or not it's still street meat.
The yum yum sauce was good, but the rice was not cooked! I had really high hopes for this truck. :/
Chicken was dry and fried rice was hard and practically uncooked. Tasty vegetables and flavor, but uncooked rice is unacceptable
Similar to other reviewers, meat was also overcooked for me (chicken bowl). Fried rice was also a little dry. Sauce was good, but there are better food truck options out there.
skip this. meat is overcooked, brown rice is sticky, yum yum sauce is thick flavored mayo.
You can hear this truck from blocks away. Literally. They have Jersey Shore techno blasting from the speaker mounted to the side of the truck. This totally prompts a dance party while waiting for eats
The ebi (shrimp) bowl was yummy though the brown rice could have been less sticky and hard the shrimp was good and the sauces are on point. I recommend the yum yum and wasabi mayo mixed. Mmm drool.
Fried rice tends to be a little salty, but the meats are pretty solid.
Good combination but not true hibachi. Beef overcooked.
makan satayyy
Closed down when I came here last week. DAMN. All the good Indonesian restaurants have to close down :(
Not impressed. The noodles look like they came out of a top ramen pack.
Best tip: don't go; food took an hour to get and some of the dishes were just plain bland.
makan sate d new york d sene tmpatnyaaa
Home Sweet Homeee..., banyak pelayannya anak2 indo yg krja part time sambil kuliah di NYC..
We're proud to announce Satay Junction will be joining us for Choice Eats 2011!
finally, i found 'indonesian' in foursquare's venue that given tips by WSJ
Closed on Monday!
whenever I got homesick, I always have Martabak. probably the best Martabak in america.
Always ask for the specials and venture into the real world of authentic Indonesian cuisine! Everything on the menu is good.
The lunch special is popular: for $9.99, diners can get fried rice or noodles, a choice of two satays and a side of seasonal greens or tofu. The $4 Alpukat drink is also a big hit.
Get the Lamb Satay with extra peanut sauce... and Martabak Telor as your appetizer
Mee Goreng is awesome!
Go for the usual satay suspects (chicken, pork, beef), they've also got seafood, lamb and even tofu (all $7–$11)
Best Bakery Ever.
A wine and spirits shop out of the ordinary!
Essential NYU: Palladium brunch was voted the Best Special Event on campus. Find a freshman/sophomore to swipe you. If you already have a meal plan, consider yourself lucky.
Check-in  for Restaurant Night at Palladium tonight, Oct. 4th & be entered  to win a cookbook signed by Celebrity Chef Marja Vongerichten
Sushi. Yes.
Everyone must try Sunday brunch!
the grill line is really inefficient and moves at a glacial pace...don't even bother if you're remotely pressed for time
Sit next to Andrew Baik and enjoy
Be warned: it appears Palladium is no longer all you can eat. Which means no more mix-matching at different stations.
New Palladium Restaurant by Life Works! Use Meal Exchange and choose from the ala carte options and create your own meal with an entree, side and beverage!
come for dinner from 5-7 pm and enjoy special dining events. Spend your Dining Dollars on snacks, waters, beverages....anything!
Brunch Brunch Brunch! So much to eat.
Oh palladium. Where food can fully be expressed as means to sustain a body and nothing else.
get the dings chicken sandwich.            it is life altering.
Totally enjoyed the evening. But the highlight is the very attentive and wonderful staff. Friendly, without trying too hard. And I mean, all of them! And the hostesses up front are very welcoming :-)
Get the Spinnach and Artichoke Dip. Hillstone Burger with Baked Potato
If you don't like the crappy mayonnaise they stuff in the sushi, go to a less snobby establishment. Management decided to not allow customers to modify. Lame. Other Hillstone's/Houston's are better.
Amazing spinach dip!
I don't even like kale, but their kale salad is amazing. Love that the kale is chopped up. The peanut dressing is key!
Save room for dessert!
Best (and biggest!) veggie burger in NYC
Better than the midtown east location. Paige was excellent. Rumor has it u can byo wine, We did.... So extra thumbs up.
Veggie burger is one of the best meals I've ever had. Ever.
Best service and dishes in town!
Grilled artichokes
Ribs! Have those finger-licking good ribs!
The spinach dip is obvious app but they make a great shrimp cocktail too (huge jumbo with spicy cocktail sauce)
Titos martini. They refresh your glass when it gets warm. Great service, food and atmosphere. #A+
Grilled chicken salad (ask for it chopped) and the french dip 100%
Order the VEGGIE BURGER! This thing will change your life! Never have you ever tasted something SO GREAT! Even the most devout carnivores sing it's praises! You will not be disappointed! VEGGIE BURGER
Key lime pie and a nutty brownie
Order a Casper
Filet mignon, mashed potatoes, asparagus... and a glass of wine. Best lunch ever.
One of the top 3 burgers in manhattan, hands down.
Top Foursquare suggestions are spot on! Spinach & artichoke dip, French dip sandwich & Hillstone burger - you can't go wrong! BYO-friendly with no corkage fees, up to 2 bottles, too! $20 each for 3+.
French dip is amazing
Coconut shrimp sushi roll, nuff said.
A good, not great burger. Spinach dip and prime rib are classics here.
Delicious vegan options on the vegetable plate. Some of the best vegetables ever..and the staff is great
Try the Grilled Artichokes - The hearts are amazing! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Smoked salmon - Smoked inhouse. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Deviled Eggs - All jazzed up! (via @Foodspotting)
Epic ribs!
The California omelette is really good! Just substitute onions for the mushrooms.
Try the galli bhurjee, it is scrambled eggs and onion, masala blends, etc. Great! Ask for no peppers :-) my new favorite
Try the vada pav
Seekh kebab rolls, mmmmm.
Try the samosa chaat and the kulfi ice cream; delicious!  The owners are too sweet.
Desi Galli adds a spice of color to the Lower East Side http://exm.nr/PX6hsG
Very good paneer rolls!
Adorable little place! Great for some chai and chaat. Owner Priya is wonderful!
Ordered the chicken tikka roll & some masala chai for under $10. Also had the paneer galli puff. Delicious! Great value.
Nyari badge paha ayam
Go easy on the rice.
Roast chicken is dry :( order wisely...the plantains are good and the soups and sandwiches are popular. A good place for a quick cheap lunch in an overpriced neighborhood.
Great lunch menu - try the baked chicken, oxtail and spanish soup
This place has a special menu for everyday of the week
On Thursdays they have the ropa vieja that works best on a crusty roll with all the fixins.
Get the Pernil (roast pork).  Easy on the fat though
Great food & drinks. Even better staff.
Ribs are awesome. Some if the best I have ever had!
Best restaurant on the financial district. Only place I take my customers
Tuna sandwich is delicious....
The Memphis Baby Back ribs are by far the best of the bunch here.
Try the fried bread side dish with the chipotle butter, its amazing. Secret: ask for the Toffee sauce as well...best of savory and sweet!
Love the ribs and drinks at this place. Two small gripes. Wine needs to be served colder - red was *hot* and fried chicken was perfectly cooked yet lacked distinctive flavor. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Not impressed. The spicy cheddar wafers sounded interesting but they turned out to taste like Cheezit crackers except circular.
Order some Peak IPA's. Get turntt up!!
They have design your own cookies with sprinkles for kids. Ask your server when you order, they bring your kid's custom design with your dessert.
Great oysters and BBQ everything. This new location is nice and quiet on the weekends.
Don't eat here ever. Got ribs and that's all there was. Plus there was no taste and they were dry.
Pulled Pork Sandwich was delicious! I love pulled pork but spend half my time eating it picking out big globs of fatty pieces. Not here! All meat was flavorful and delicious.
lotsa ribs but no brisket, sadly. save room for dessert.. and bring the kids.
Lots of space for kids... Including stroller parking lol. Only in battery park, ha!
I recommend the food and drinks. Oh, and chat up the terrific staff. And the food.
Terrible service, food was nothing to go nuts about. Really wanted to like this place....oh well
Much better than expected!! Nice surprise!
Rock shrimp and fried bread!
Get ur bbCue fix and your Riazul Añejo!!! Best combination
Good BBQ, beer selection, and service. But the coasters are only alright
Baby backs ribs
Texas Salt & Pepper ribs- delicious!!
Disregard my previous tip, get the Texas salt and pepper beef ribs. Amaze.
For kids they bring cookie dough shaped as piggy to decorate and bake them while you eat.
Get the sauteed spinach and sweet potato wedges with the veggie burger.  Veggie burger is quinoa based, great flavor but a little on the small side.
Very kid-friendly...decorate your own cookies
Try the Porch Swing drink!
Even if you are too full after the scrumptious meal, have some dessert from the bake shop to go!
Baby back ribs were awesome!!!
Get the 3 lasagna tasting and the rice ball tasting. Amazing!
Tried this place again the other day after bad first impression and nothing has changed. Food is ehh,b Service though is still the worst ever. Only went cause a friend wanted to try it.  Not worth it
Loved the Seafood Lasagna, service was attentive and portions are huge
Food was good.  Get the lasagna tasting. Skip the tiramisu dry dry dry.
Worst place ever, service is so bad. Manager was rude, water was nasty, food took over 45 min to come. No service what so ever. Stay far away from this place!
The Next Mayor of Tommy Lasagna will recieve a free Peice of Lasagna and a Glass of Wine.Don't forget to check in!!
At this relaxed Italian restaurant in Gramercy Park, lasagna is the specialty—and the lunch portions are exactly half the size of dinner.
Damn that breakfast lasagna is surprisingly good! Not your typical lasagna but definitely a great brunch option
Truffle Lasagna is decadent. The Tommy Lasagna is old school. Meat, cheese & sauce.
Also on offer: antipasti, crab with Sriracha mayo and scallions, escarole and beans, pork ribs with polenta and fennel-and-cabbage confit, plus Italian pastries and espresso for breakfast
Good food, nice folks. For those who want better Italian food may I suggest Italy.
Try the lasagna
Yet another Italian place in Gramercy/Flatiron. Still working out the kinks with service, just opened. Sit at the counter in the back and shmooze up the chef!
This joint with an open kitchen rolls out fresh pasta for up to 12 daily rotating lasagn-trées. Get combos like the lamb/goat cheese/mint, black truffle, and lobster w/ Sherry sauce.
Check in on Twitter using #cheesecafe. Thanks for stopping by!
Upmarket diner food. Chopped salad ($9.50): v crispy lettuce, feta stirred through, just enough dressing. All day breakfast steak & eggs cooked as ordered-great! Good atmos, average service.
The food and the service here is remarkable! Also if you make sure to sit by the door and outlet you'll get the apple stores wifi :)
Good turkey chili. Bad Mac and cheese. Service was meh
You should totally try the Fried Calamari for appetizer and the Homemade Boneless Fried Chicken for Entree if you want the good stuff.
Get the peanut butter sundae!
greattttttttttttt
Sesame seared tuna is the best decision you will make after 3am...healthy, delicious and filling!
Really good burger but a little on the expensive side
Service was good. Food couldn't be more average & bland.
truffled herb fries are surprisingly good.
After reading some of the Foursquare comments I quickly got up and left!!
You need to take charge of your waiter. They are poorly organized and it doesn't seem like they care about service, much less like anyone actually wants to be here.
Man alive the chili here is sick!! Best I'm the city
The mayor just took care of my dinner... Service, food everything outstanding.
Service is normally pretty slow here and the food is just decent...not worth the prices charged though.
Slow service! Bad food....the best thing was the beer...
Worst service ever! Never coming back here.
One of the worst waitresses I've ever had.
The waiter suggested avoiding the Asian Chicken Salad.
The mojito is solid. Try and grab a seat outside if you can.
Get the tuna fish tacos to share.
You might want to skip this place.  Allocation and nothing else.
Their chicken burger is the greatest
Grilled cheese, tomato soup and DISCO fried (a must)
My milkshake...
Don't get the huevos rancheros unless you want an incredibly underwhelming breakfast.
Standard diner food but more expensive. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Oh the disco fries!!
Disco Fries FTW! Especially at 4 in the morning.
The Seared Tuna sandwich is one of the best of its kind!
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Try the chicken salad it's delicious
In my opinion the soup here is of much higher grade than soup from Hale & Hearty.
Tomato&basil soup - the best yummy ever!!!
Salad is unlimited toppings for one price...sooo good!
Good burritos !
Best burrito!!!!
Try the chicken gumbo.  It's delicious!
Great classic diner at good prices.
Good Coffee Shop when hunger hits.
Great food at decent prices, wish they were still open 24 hours
The black and white milkshake here is off the hook.
Eggs Benedict is day bomb
Good price for a good meal. Great panckaes, french toast, waffles...
This place is Amazingggggggg
Best onion rings ever.
Nice lentil soup. Will warm you up on a frigid day.
Open 24 hours a day!
Free slurpee day yo!
Check out.. AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Shout "sobe spring break" ;-)
SoBe Spring Break
Sobe spring break.
Energy Fusion coffee can wake the most miserable New Yorker up
a 2-11 cost $2.11
gotta find the right combination of slurpee flavors.
Since they closed the Ben & Jerry's that was 2 blocks from here it's good that I can come here to still get some
2 24 oz bud selects for 2.22
Good coffee
This hotel is in the perfect location for everything. The only thing I didn't like we're the beds. So small and the pillows were too soft!
Beef Soba Salad is amazing. Soba noodles dressed with greens, a light sesame dressing and strips of rare prime rib. Lunch special comes with edamame and shrimp dumplings!
Try the Tempura Combo.
Soba beef salad is gangsta!
Beef+Soba+Salad = Heaven. Try it!
If you dont try their age dashi tofu you are crazy! Plus, they make their own soba noodles!
Look fir mr. makoshi, he will take care of you. Also try the sukyaki and ask to be cooked at.the table. The cooking is an experience alone
Authentically Japanese dressed waitresses are really nice! Try the fugu if you dare!
I'd look elsewhere for sushi
Ensalada judia... Lo mejor !!!
Food is AWESOME try the TURKEY BURGER DELUXE or the POTATOE KNISH food is cooked with perfection with a fresh taste
Great sandwiches
It was good
Gross and dirty.  Skip it.
This place is way over priced. $9 for a bacon,egg and cheese on a roll.
We love this retro styled delicatessen, especially the outdoor seating and their famous Two Pastrami Dog Deluxe!  We’re salivating as we type.
veggie reuben or egg salad on rye. eat all the pickles and if you get a nasty waitress be just as mean back.
Awesome pastrami and corned beef. I also recommend getting the death by fries, one of the best munchies dishes I've had
Голубцы и каша-варнишка вас порадуют от души!
Portions are huge, go for a soup
Breakfast looks good but service is horrible
Great pancakes and sandwiches!
Potato Knish is the greatest!  You get cole slaw and pickles when you sit down--nothing better than a NYC deli!
Loved the combo platter!
The Chicken Noodle Soup has a matzo ball the size of a baseball.
My dad likes the food here because it reminds him of Miami. The burgers are insanely huge =)
Don't bother with the potato pancakes. The pastrami is decent though!
Best knish in town, baby!
Sub par food? jewish dennies? morons
Probably the worst veggie burger I've ever had.
The Pastrami Sandwich is the 5th most popular Pastrami Sandwich in NYC (behind the usual suspects: Katz's Deli, Carnegie Deli and 2nd Ave Deli).
all the kid pleaser stand-bys— chicken fingers, fries, grilled cheese sandwiches, plus you can order a piece of birthday cake even if it's not your birthday.
The Denny's of Jewish restaurants.
One word knishpuppy!
The matzoh brei is not what I recommend. Eisenbergs is still the king for that dish
huge portions.decent prices. matazah ball soup to die for!
Excellent triple-decker sandwiches!  Great pickles!
The service here is Jewish granny special n the potato pancakes are to die for
Uh-oh: the fries are better than the latkes; but the egg cream is good and the location is convenient. Stay dwntwn for better food though.
Probably the best egg sandwich in Manhattan, if the right guy makes it for you.
Best sandwiches around! Chicken cutlet is amazing!
The guy at the deli counter likes to tell you that his toaster's broken when he doesn't feel like toasting a bagel.
Slowest Starbucks EVER.
The 94/Bway staff seem better trained and happier. Here, they've recently removed tables and installed less comfortable seating. Less crowded, but less reason to come.
Open at 5:30
Soooooo slow!
Those new little apple pies look awfully sugery
O melhor café do mundo!
I have found the cure for zombie.... cooffffeee
Slowest Starbucks in the world
Veranda is a bit weak. Maybe with half Pike might be good.
Slowest staff everrrr! It's insane how slow the line moves.
They're filming PanAm on the corner.
Free wifi like all Starbucks so just cool :)
The wifi signal from the hotel upstairs gas a stronger signal, if you can get the password.
Get a small coffee in a medium cup. That leaves room for milk and you won't have to pour any in the trash.
The know my name, I better behave.
My Italian ex-lover Giuliano lives right by here. I miss him and our coffee runs so much! Maybe we'll cross paths here and rekindle that summer 2010 passion someday. *sigh*
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
Always a long line but moves fast. Sweetest baristas in UWS too.
Soy chai with cinnamon dolce mmm..
tall skinny vanilla latte please!
Pumpkin Spice Latte with whipped cream - yummy!
If you're coming to work ..the music is a bit loud ..not good for calls.     But also a great people watching location!
Caramel macchiatto!
Two Skinny Decaf Cinnamon Latte
Omelet (3 ingredients at your choice) home fries and toast for $6.50 worth it a lot. Only cash. And you have the best breakfast at Upper West.
Grilled muffins!
Pancakes are great.  The girl at the register is cool too
The Challah french toast here rocks!  It's thick, sweet, and full of that buttery syrupy joy we all love.  Cheap prices too, just remember it's cash only.
French toast or pancakes are very good
Quiche/spinach pie and Greek salad for $6.95! Great food and excellent bargain
Fruit salad is awesome.  Prices are reasonable, food is tasty
Cash only $
Amazing breakfast!
Best brunch in town. Get the omelet/home fries/toast combo for $6.50 and eat outside.
Not recommended. There are so many better places to go in NYC.
The soup is bland...go for the dumplings or booze.
Get the boiled dumplings - the potstickers are pre-prepared. Boiled dumplings super delicious and warm- I like the shrimp, chive and mushroom
They have pre-separated chopsticks! It's the little things that bring me so much joy.
The dumplings and everything else is very fresh. Best part free water!
dumplings are superb and made to order. also, bubble tea was surprisingly really good. try the taro.
The veggie dumplings and corn chowder are delish! Everyone that works here is so nice too!
Really good dumplings in midtown. And plus its close to culture espresso bar
Out if the ready to made dumplings my favorites are the vegetarian and the pork and scallion dumplings!
He's a bright spot in your day. Totally worth waiting in the line that is sometimes longer than the Starbucks it's outside of.
Tacos are def great! They're huge and a good price.
Delicious hole in the wall Mexican (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
"great burrito style" is essentially meat supreme: chicken, beef, and pork.
$2.50 tacos. Not bad.
go for the al pastor tacos. watch out for the hot sauce!
Vegetarian tacos are pleasantly great! :)
Los tacos son maravillosos
This place is gross. The burrito was full of rice and the chips were mega stale..not to mention the guacamole looked like slime. EW!
Torta de chorizo!
Yes!!! The torta is off the hook. Love this place!!!
Cash only.  Decent burrito.  Tacos the best choice.
Love the tostadas
Go for the tacos!
I've tried q bunch of diff meals they've all been good
One of the best tacos in the city. Goes very well with tamarind Jarritos
As a person that works in the nightlife industry in NYC I suggest this place as a l8 nite craving.
Don't get the burrito
Not a bad little Mexican joint, cheap too. For $2.50 a taco - it beats McDonald's!
The best Mexican food this Californian has found in NYC. And cheap! Tacos = $2.50 & taste just like the ones you had stumbling out of the bars in Cabo.
order the tacos al pastor with everything on them (soft tacos).  they are authentic, inexpensive and delicious.  you should start with 2, 3 if you're really hungry.
The tacos are awesome ($2.50), and the torta is a steal too.
Literally some of the best Mexican food in the city. Tacos are great and the tortas are amazing. If you're feeling adventurous, go for the lengua.
Got burritos with black beans, rice & guac. Didn't forget a Snapple!
Very good tacos at $2.50
Chicken w/ fresh mozzarella is delicious. I've also gotten the Vietnamese baguette and the toasted tuna melt from here, both of which were disgusting and tossed in the trash after a few bites sadly.
You will fall in love with "Love" bar
The chicken and avo salad + the yoga bunny soda? Awh hell yeah
Recommend the california club. :-)
Nothing beats their orange juice.
anything with Egg will blow your mind. egg salad. b'fast egg sandwiches. you'll be all "mmmm!"
Love their food!  Fresh and healthy!
Try an ice coffee with soy milk, splenda and a dash of cinnamon. Perfect summer refreshment!
Today's lunch!
Get the brownie. You won't rePret it.
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
Awesome morning coffee.  And pretty mix all the salads and sandwiches are da bomb.
The grilled shrimp and avocado salad is slamming. Their sea salt and vinegar chips are also amazing!
Corned beef with pickles. Yum!
morning coffee
I'm a big fan of the Bell & Evans grilled chicken and avocado salad.
Try the yogurt with granola for a heathly afternoon snack...
I don't know where they bring their bagels in from, but they're surprisingly delicious--big, soft and very chewy interior with a glossy, bubbled slightly crisp crust
Best breakfast on 181st!
Found Egg Sandwich as Yum Yum. Try it and dish on it at http://dishonit.com
Excellent egg and cheese sandwich
2 donuts for $1 after midnight!! =)
You must order a cinnamon raisin bagel with strawberry cream cheese & a coconut latte! I promise you will fall in love xO
Must try the Chocolate Caramel Donut - will give you a cavity but so worth it lol
Also, this location does not have chocolate cream or vanilla cream. :(
boston and bavarian cream are different! don’t let the lady tell you they are the same!
Try the Churros! (if you try the BBQ smackers, make sure you have extra TP at home)
The best food ever!!!
Amazing pizza.
Food is. On. Point! And they have hookah!
The shrimp in garlic sauce w/ mashed potatoes is the best! Be sure to check out the only uptown college party each & every Thursday night!
It's indeed of the best pizza restaurants in the neighborhood. If you're like me that loves pizza, I suggest you give a slice of their pizza a try. You won't be disappointed!
Flaco actually makes the deliveries. It's like Papa John knocking on your door!
Two slices, Raspberry Red Rock. Who would've thought an Albanian and two Mexican guys could make awesome pizza?
Food is delicious. Service is so so.
Bad service!!!
Make sure you sit outside if the weather is good for some of the best people watching in the city. Weekend evenings are the best.
$20 brunch- not inexpensive but a nice buffet with an omelette station. Food was fresh, tasty, cooked well. Includes unlimited Jack Daniels Punch or Mimosas. 18% tip is… (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
the red sangria is amazingly refreshing and delightful. get it.
No alcohol served till 12
I would recommend the salad i had
Brunch drinks are watered down
The shot of patron is $14 don't let it sneak up on you...smh wow I have been to places is only 5
Food is good but Sunday dinner service was extremely slow. 30+ min to be seated then 40 min for entrees.
The best food in town!!!
I had the skirt steak entree. It disappeared. My wife had a pizza. I tasted it. It turned me sideways. Eat here.
Was told there was a 10 min wait when a handful of tables were empty. Stood at the crowded bar for 20 before leaving.
You gotta have the appetizer with all the different foods!! It's insane!!
Get El Volcano for dessert!  It's a chocolate volcano cake with dulce de leche ice cream!  Amazing!
Ordered the churrasco well done but got it raw :(
The service here sucks! The drinks here are overpriced and diluted. The only plus is the decor which is also dated.
Puerquito's xquisite
Chianti by the glass. Afuego.
¡Lo mejor de lo mejor! :D
Go for the brunch saturdays and sundays its 18.00 & unlimited food and mimosas and jack punch
Great party atmosphere on Friday and Saturday. All top music is played.
Would never come back. Hostesses were rude and useless. We walked out after waiting over 2 hours.
Las Mejor Musica Esta Aqui En Los Jueve De "I LOVE MUSIC"  By Dj Anthony Rey
Great food, music and drinks. Sangria to die for.
Great food, great music, fun vibe. Try the Mamajuana Chicken Caesar Salad....Only bad thing: too much hooka smoke in the air.
The Mojitos
The best sangria on earth!
One of the few places that have good Sangria.
Have an ICE Cold Presidente Beer and register to win an ALL expenses paid 4-day Caribbean Experience for you and a guest to Hard Rock Punta Cana. Must be 21+
Spicy tuna roll is amazing!!!
Chinese people serving Japanese food here. I definitely didn't find the food that good.
They have the BEST Salmon Teriyaki in Bergen county!
Chef's lunch $15 is a great deal and the quality of food is good for NJ. I'd definitely come back.
Great sushi right down the street from us finally! atmosphere inside is very calm and soothing, sushi is very fresh.
New place by the same people who used to own nihan kai in bergenfield - really fresh fish, nice staff and BYOB
They have good food and it's a good sit down place. Delivery and take out are available as well. A little more pricey than PJ's.
The PumKing beer is amazing with the brown sugar in the rim. The blueberry and the cider BBQ wings are awesome!
Good burgers, make sure you get the garlic fries with them!
The food here is great. Locksmith burger with garlic fries! Delicious! Service here is nice, but VERY slow. Don't come here if you have to be anywhere anytime soon. Great otherwise.
Get the garlic fries!
Locksmith Bar has 50 cent wings on Mondays, very good wings and the drinks are pretty good. I love the owner! She's very attentive with a great personality, she will stand there and talk with you.
Garlic fries. Always go garlic fries.
Food is excellent but the time it takes to get it is forever.
This bar was originally a locksmith and  then turned into a bar/restaurant. The food is surprisingly good and the beer selection is decent. The place is small only one bathroom. Good crowd all nights
Great local burger bar. A gem for the community. During the day enjoy with family, even you puppy and at night enjoy some drinks with friends. Owners are lovely gentleman! :)
I really like this place, but food service can be painfully slow sometimes, and the place is tiny, so it runs out of seating very quickly
Get everything with Cajun on it
Amazing burgers, yukka fries and staff.  Sunday brunch is the best.
The staff is great! and the garlic cheesy fries are awesome! #musthave!
garlic fries, yessss! yucca fries good but probably divine with garlic.
Best garlic fries ever!! Delicious brunch options, tasty wings, amazing burgers and salads, great drinks. Feels like home :)
Best steak and eggs I've ever had. And the screwdrivers are potent. Definitely coming back for brunch.
Nice place, friendly people. Owner is cool.
Hands down,best bar in the heights.It's cozy,the staff is  very friendly & excellent beer on tap. 20$ wine bottles before 10pm.Food is delicious as well. No rain or snow stops me from traveling here.
The Locksmith burgers are the best, Yuca fries are slamming, Music was on point, Dj Steady & Dj Slash def was rockin the house! Staff are the most friendly ppl you'll ever meet!
Get the Cajun fries if you can handle the heat
It's just the best shit uptown...
The bathroom surprisingly really clean and nice!
Try the Turkey Burger with bleu cheese and avocado
Great fries of all kinds!!! Just be prepared to wait a REALLY long time for your food, seriously.
The fish and chips are tasty, especially w/sweet potato fries.
The fish and chips are awesome, as us the "Locksmith Burger."
This place is small and cozy, with a great ambiance for catching up with old friends. Must go at least once if your in the area.
The ambiance and bartenders are great, but the wine selection, food and the prices are spectacular.  Try the Locksmith Burger or the Lock and Key Salad.
Sunday brunch menu is fantastic. Breakfast and burgers available w unlimited mimosas all for $18.
the cajun yucca fries are amazing. great place to bring friends and chill.
Wrap everything in pork
Not my first choice but a turkey burger would hit the spot.
Awesome food for reasonable prices.
The best tostadas ever.... Yummy!!!!
This bodega has no beer, no loosies. They do have dollar dutches.
Breakfast can be delicious! Great for hosting large (30-person groups). Come here with the swim team all the time.
Food is pretty bad here, reheated pasta variety. The coffee is tolerable.
Great, funky, underground place for quiet, breakfast meetings
Don't go here.
Besides the roasted chicken, the Paella is slammin!!!
Get t combo $20 super deli and complete soda, whole chicken rice beans salad yuummm
Come to get the BEST half or whole chicken with rice & beans and salad. If they have it, ask for black beans!!  Most DELICIOUS chicken in the city!
Get the Media Pollo for  $4.25. It's a lot of chicken. So damn good. Not on the menu.
Sandwich was great and fresh
Spicy chicken sandwich wit bacon, and try the cheesecake its pretty sexual
Papi you got fifty cennnn... You know you've seen this guy lol
Ice cream after chicken
9 piece buffalo wings and fries for $7
Rao's is one of the Greatest Italian-American food experiences in New York. Great Food, awesome ambiance, great vibe. It's exciting. One problem? You probably "Can't Get In"! Read in "La Tavola"
Established 1896 and continuously family owned and operated. Renowned for its Neapolitan cuisine, but notorious as one of the most difficult restaurants in New York in which to get a reservation.
Get the calamari, the meatballs, and the lemon chicken.
Classic, unforgettable, and fantastic.  This is one of the top places on the bucket list along with the pyramids of Giza.  The fried chicken is a nice surprise as is the… (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Walked by a little before 7 on 10/22 a saturday night but they were closed.
Ottimo x lounge  particolari...da visitare
With all the mobster photos lining the walls, there’s no hiding the mafia connection behind this East Harlem institution - I'd buy some of their pasta sauces on the way out, you filthy animal!
Just like an old-Hollywood movie, right? Just remember, it all started with the Original Crime Family: The Borgias.
To see what Wall Streeters and mobsters have in common, go to Rao’s. The food explodes with flavor, especially the lemon chicken and pasta dishes, says Suzanne Corso, author of Brooklyn Story.
Start with a perfectly prepared Manhattan and follow it up with Mozzarella in Carozza, a Stuffed Veal Chop and Rao’s Meatballs.
Clams Oreganata and the Penne ala Vodka are the best in the world!  and the Bread is amazing!  They treat you better than family here!
So you can't get a table? Stop in and have a drink at the bar. Who knows, you might just run into Robert DeNiro or Woody Allen!
Nicky the vest only works a few days a week...but if you have the opportunity to ever meet him, you will be a lucky person! He is a great human being!
If you are lucky enough to know someone to get in to Rao's, go. The meatballs and sauce are worth the trip. Try the steak pizzaiola. If you can’t get in, buy their cookbook! -Jill Zarin, Real Housewiv
A really home-y atmosphere! Excellent beer selection!
DEVILED EGGS
Enjoy the steak tartare! Delicious with a glass of Montgras Carmenére
Order the DEVILLED EGGS!!!! As a starter amazing!!!
This is a great great little wine bar in Rockefeller Center. One of the few places to grab high end wines like Opus, Caymus & Silver Oak by the glass.
Wow Fantastic prices for wines by the glass and food. Feels like Europe w unsupervised service staff-loved it.
enjoying a glass of Cremant D'Alsace BdN Zero Dosage from Schmitt family. Taste great with Foie!
Try the Cookies - Sugar cookies w/cranberries, dried fruit icing and balsalmic reduction. The balsalmic with brown sugar reduction was awesome! (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing Wine List, pulled pork tacos as a MUST!!
Short ribs were awesome.
The Morrell Wine Bar is one of the city's great spots for downing a glass or two-its extensive list boasts more than 2,000 different bottles and over 100 different wines by the glass.
If you see Natalie, blow her a kiss from James. She'll know what it means. You'll probably get better service too. ;)
Awesome wine and beer menu!  Small plates fantastic. Great music too!!
Whatever Jake klein is cooking, I'll eat
Bring your reading glasses because this wine list is long! Try a Malbec and pair it with the pulled pork tacos. Then ask for seconds.
Winner of Best Wine List in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Ask your server for pairing suggestion from their selection of small plates.
I thought the hostess was really nice!
There's something for everyone at Morell Wine Bar -- they have over 2,000 wines available to choose from!
Great food! Pork tacos are amazing
Keep in mind this place is in a tourist haven, but the few times I've been have been great.  Was comped a second glass of port because there was sediment in it.  The salmon is outstanding.
Nice place to meet up with old friends. Perfect view of the Rockefeller Christmas tree during winter. Decent prices and friendly wait staff.
Maybe we just went on an off night, but the service was inattentive and awful. They actually brought back our neighboring table's check and told them gratuity wasn't included. All around pretty bad.
Yum food and nice to sit outside on a nice day. The hostess girl doesn't smile and will Demand you switch tables if you are waiting for a friend though. Perfect except for the hostess
The pulled pork tacos are AWESOME! Hits the spot...
Will is an amazing tender! Loves him. Ask for him!
Ask for Will, let him pick your wine.
Always have extra curly fries
Great sushi bar... Tower Roll is my ultimate fave
The top sellers are prominently featured on the menu, but of you're in the mood for something junky, the breaded chicken sandwiches are well executed -- try the buffalo chicken!
The key to a good egg sandwich is the bread. Get yours on a ciabatta!
Get the American.
I really like their tuna salad with pickles.
Best bagel!
You dont have to hold the bag if you don't want to!
Follow Lenny's NYC on twitter for free give a ways...at random times on 3 random days a week!
Serious Eats, great burger joints near Rockefeller Center
Great French Toast
Yummy greasy fries
If you like traditional cheese fries, do not bother.  Their idea of cheese fries is a couple slices of American cheese that paetially melts from the heat of the fries.
the egg cheese and sausage on a roll is the perfect morning fix!!!!
Cheap and quite lunch spot. No comments on the rice... The noodle soup is alright though, worth of a try.
Cheap Chinese... tastes good.
Not as greasy as nearby Chinese places. I love this shit
Low grade but tasty Chinese joint. Clientele = expat Chinese and guys who might be mobsters.
Gobdol Bibimbop is excellent. The free variety of appetizers are not only delicious, but make this place a great value!
I don't know the names of what we ate. The rice with veg, beef and topped with an egg, and for me transparent noodles with pork. Big portions, complimentary appetisers. Cheap, delicious and friendly.
Try the Haemul Dolsot Bibimbap - Seafood, octopus, squid over rice in hot and spicy stone pot (via @Foodspotting)
Good korean restaurant, good service.
The best short ribs ever...do not hesitate
A casual and bustling Korean joint that is open 24 hours a day.  The dishes are huge and delicious - try the Spicy Tofu Stew and Bi Bim Bap.
Good food but service is as bad as they come. Terrible service...
Worst service ever. The waiter sat at a back table and ate while we ate our food (which was horrible) and then played on their phones...meanwhile we were finished with our food!
You won’t see grilling, but the menu offers lots of authentic Korean choices. Sommelier Joe Campanale (dell’anima, L’Artusi, Anfora) goes “for home-style Korean.”
24 hours baby
Get the Gobdol Bibimbop, and be sure to try that delicious hot barley tea!
This guys have great bibimbab! And it's open 24 hours
Love their bibimbap!
4AM bibimbop is perfect. spicy kimchi & crunchy rice.
Try the fries
One of the better Korean spots off the 32nd St strip.
24 hours baby
Best Bibimbap in NYC. Visit on a cold day to warm up. Hot stone bowl with crunchy rice and all the fixings.
Favorite eatery in mid-town. The grilled Eel is absolutely delicious.
Try the bindaeduk. Crispy and golden brown on the outside -- soft on the inside. Best I ever had.
don't try to read the menu. Just look at the pictures and point to something that looks good. It is...
The mandoo here is addicting!  We always order extra...
I had the Duk Man Doo Guk.  Yum.
Cheap Korean Restaurant -- The only place I eat when near 34th Street...
Pretty authentic Chinese cuisine in New York City, as told to us by a couple of Chinese ladies who sat down next to us. Try Szechuan dumplings, and the angel hair. Everything was great.
Spicy cumin lamb is overrated imho. Plus you will be burping cumin for hours
Don't get the vegetarian duck.  It's always burnt.
Szechuan dumplings and crispy chicken.
The term “face melting” is tossed around a lot, but few dishes embody the description quite like Szechuan Gourmet’s hot and sour cellophane noodles.
Great spicy szechuan foods!
Best Dishes:  Dan Dan Noodles, Chicken with Black Bean Sauce, and Shrimp with Chili Miso
Lamb with cummin and Dan Dan noodles went great together.  Really spicy! Delicious!
$20 minimum on credit cards! They offered us 5% off the bill as an incentive to pay cash!
Their Shui Zhu Yu is one of the best.
If you like heat have the Chengdu Chicken. It is so savory with a huge kick
Try the Dan Dan noodles and Szechuan pork dumplings!
Try Madam Sudong noodles, hot and spicy like at home!
If you want to sear you face off (in a good way) get the tripe and tongue salad. And ask for extra buns with your cumin beef.
Try the Sliced Chicken With Baby Bok Choy - Simple and tender. Get a side of chili oil for spice.  (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent double cooked pork with leeks, dan dan noodles. Great flavors but don't expect the spice from Grand Sichuan.
Try the Stir Fried Prawns Chili Minced Pork & Veggie - I crave these beautiful large shrimp, mildly spicy chili pork and crunchy asparagus once a week.  (via @Foodspotting)
This restaurant scores on quantity. We appreciate the more-is-better attitude (though our flaming taste buds occasionally disagree!)
Double cooked pork belly with chilli leeks is my go-to item here.  Fatty pork, spicy chill, and sweet/oniony leeks over white rice makes my mouth water.
The mapo tofu is nice and spicy, but a little oily and very salty. I ordered it vegetarian, so that might be why...
If you like spicy Chinese food, this is the spot for you.
If you like fish and spicy, #69 is a must-to-have dish
The double sliced pork belly with chili and leeks is as close to a must order as you can get at this amazing spot. Best Sichuan in Midtown.
Make sure to get the Dan Dan noodles and the Szechuan pork dumplings with roasted chili soy.  The crispy lamb filets are good, but only if you really like cumin.
Everything you eat here is going to be awesome if you are near this restaurant do not forget to try the Brisked Lamb with napa sauce abd chillies..i hope i mentioned the dish right
Hotpot is now $32
Dan Dan Noodles
Best braised fish filet in the city :-)
Frank Bruni said we all should eat the Double Cooked Pork Belly from Szechuan Gourmet and who are we to argue with that recommendation? (We've eaten and enjoyed it ourselves many times too.)
This perpetually busy midtown spot is serious about spicing things up with an incredible Sichuan kitchen. Get here before or after the lunch crowd to avoid a wait. - Inspector
This sweet chef has so many tchotchkes in his restaurant that the pastry fridge is full of Precious Moments!
Hit this spot for some French pastries and hot chocolate. The best part—besides the delicious baked goods—is chef Piepenburg, behind the sweets. If you’re lucky, he’ll greet you at the door.
Sweet chef, great food. Try the juice with a million fruits.
The best place in nyc, hands down
Go for the chocolate mousse.
Don't be a dummy like me and forget to check out the Specials board
Spaghetti carbonara is not on the menu, but you can order it and it's one of the best dishes they offer.
The penne vodka is so money!!
Look at the specials board.
Chicken melanaise and pasta are delicious and cheap.
Get one of the pasta specials, sip on a cup of vino, and enjoy the best, quickest inexpensive Italian in town.
The "lemon chicken with spinach" doesn't come with pasta  -__- but I'm a Marylander so ignore this.
Underrated awesome place.  Great place to snag takeout dinner after work for not a lot of $.
今日はメニューにないカルボナーラを頼んでみました。本当になんでも美味しい！
Smaller than small but big portions and some of the best pasta I've ever had. don't even think about ordering a Coke!
Pepe Rosso To Go149 Sullivan St (btwn Houston & Prince), New York, NY 10012Italian Restaurant
I try to avoid it, at all costs, b/c it's probably 1MM calories, but the gnocchi in white sauce w/ peas makes me wanna slap the mf judge.
The daily specials on the chalkboard are always delicious. Get the gnocchi it's on the menu.
Great lunch yesterday
I wonder if this is a common problem...
My go to is the eggplant parm or the rigatoni prosciutto.
Best to-go pasta in Soho. -Diana
Damn. No diet coke
Make that NO diet cok
The lunch special kills but NO diet come
Ahhhh love this place! What a great concept! Porcini taglioni and homemade tiramisu...so delish! Perfect for a lazy sunday lunch while waiting for your laundry at the laundromat next door
Fusilli with chopped tomatoes and fresh arugula. It's simple and fresh, but it magically tastes good.
pasta for the plane ride
You must get the Penne Vodka.  I promise you'll love it.
Cheap Italian that surprisingly tastes better than some more upscale restos. The hearty spaghetti bolognese and the spicy pappardelle are my favorites.
It's the hole in the wall places that are simply the best in NYC. You'd be a fool to pass this by.
Penne Pink!
If you’re passing through Soho then this place is a must!  Authentic Italian pasta in one of the hippest parts of NYC! Real value for money!
Get your starch fix with spaghetti pesto with potato and string bean.
Bread comes free, and if you want olive oil (and spicy olive oil) to dip it in, check the shelf on the wall. There are dishes and condiments there.
Get the dinner special for 11.95 and choose the Chicken Malai...it's amazing!!! The people don't know much English so they at first come off a little rude, but they're so sweet :)
The tandoori lamb was mouthwatering and very tender - worth the order!
Fantastic live citar music!
Service kinda sucks. Do not order the 9.95 special - you will get 3 cubes of chicken ! But the sauces are tasty.
I love the food here and I've never had a problem with the service. Good prices and the cheese poori is super yumz.
Really bad service but worth the $5 lunch special.
Amazing food, service is exceptional. And reasonably priced
The food has always been good, though service is hilariously abrasive.
They advertised a dinner special (6 course-$9.95) but I never saw it on their menu once we sat down to eat. They did give me and my guest free mango lassi. They had live Indian music which was cool.
Too much oil.. Very bad service. Ultra feminine waiter. Thumbs down.
Dont miss out on the hot mint chutney
If you're partial to fried rice, get the chicken tikka bhiryani.
Get the Lamb Vindaloo!!
Renu and Abdul will treat you like Kings & Queens!
$10 dinner special + great live music!
Great dinner special. Super homemade nan bread.
Si están cerca de este restaurante, no se arrepentirán, la comida es muy sabrosa y está muy bien preparada. La señora que atiende es muy simpática! Y los hombres que tocan música son encantadores!
The live music was amazing and the food even more so! I will definitely bring friends and lovers here for a unique and satisfying experience.
Tandoori chicken is great.
Some of the worst food on 6th street unfortunately. :(
The shrimp poori is the best!
Garlic naan is so good
My parents have been bringing me here since 1995. I love it.
Try switching up your free Mango Lassi for something else!
Killer cheap dinner special and house wine, BUT u have to aggressively pull the special out of them.
Live music FTW.
This place has great dinner deals, like every place on this st. BUT taj has way better wine, and for cheap :)
Handmade pierogis - you can't beat this place.  Keep in mind, this place is busy around the holidays...
I'm actually at the Broome St location. Empanadas are good but I think Mama' Empanadas beat em
I love the spicy chicken empanada.
Sintir's great Moroccan food, usually live music
Oatmeal salty cookie is delicious!
Here you will find the best cookies EVER. Seriously.Aqui você vai achar os cookies mais gostosos EVER. Sério.
Everyone here is so nice - came to pick up a cookie cake and use a groupon and ended up screwing up the register with my orders. I felt bad but left with lots of goodies - try the salted oat cookie!
Try the Overload ice cream sandwich! Mmmm
soft cookies (like chocolate-mint & white chocolate-macadamia nut!) are served warm w/ Il Laboratorio's gelato. ice cream sandwiches are mostly cookie tho
The Mint ice cream was delicious
Salted oat!!
If you're looking for the best cookies in the West Village, come here!
The Sweetheart ice cream sandwich is my fave! Tangy strawberry ice cream and 2 huge, delicious chocolate chip cookies
Fantastic! I had the best vanilla cupcake I've ever had - a definite must if you're in the area.
Convinced my son there was an actual cow in the back of the store since the milk is so fresh.
can't wait for cookies
Over the Rainbow ice cream sandwich.... Something this good should be illegal.
ice cream sandwiches!
Unless you want your hair/coat/everything smelling like bakery, either order in or get it to go. Yummy stuff, just wish it wasnt so bacon-y in there
It’s time for a Milk and Cookie break; a sweet half price deal! http://exm.nr/z5HF3h
You can't go wrong with any choice, chocolate peanut butter is worth a try
Milk & Cookies Bakery19 Commerce St (7th St), New York, NY 10014(212) 243-1640
DAMN, the cookies here were OUT of sight
Get the salted cookie here. Unbelievably delicious.
Grasshopper ice cream sandwich is golden.
You pick your flavor of ice cream and they make the ice cream sandwich in front of your eyes. Or choose your cookie and they bake your cookies while you wait.
get the grasshopper ice cream sandwich - the mint ice cream is so good.
The classic chocolate chip cookie has rolled oats in it, making it perfectly chewy, and the chocolate chips they use are divine.
salted oat...yum!
Oatmeal raisin is better than sugar or snickerdoodle according to my taste test. Slow service.
Snickerdoodle ice cream sandwich! Do it!
They always have a great selection on yummy fresh cookies, so many to choose. My favorite place in the city- next best thing to home baked cookies!
The snickerdoodle ice cream sandwich is great!
Best cookies EVA!! The chocolate chip ones r the best I think:)
Way too overcrowded... Lines are 30-40 mins long! It's totally not worth paying $150/ticket, even $80 for livingsocial. Avoid!
Cut the lines.  ;)
Airport prices
Service is slow. 30mins for food on a weekday at 2pm. The restaurant is not even a 1/4 full.
By far the worst Friday's I've ever been to. Dark, poor ambiance, expensive, bathroom soap smells like cooking gas
My service was terrible and it wasn't very busy.
Overpriced is right!
Word of caution, if you do not tell them that you do not want "top shelf" alcohol, they will mix any drinks with top shelf... your $8 long island ice tea will end up costing $20.
See the back of the menu for lunch specials.
Very slow service
Slow service 30 min for get the foro
Holy fuck - $19+ for a burger. I've been to Fridays franchises all over the place and this is the most overpriced one I've ever seen.
Worst service ever!!! Food was over an hour late... Then when it finally came out it was cold. Managers attitude was even worst than the service. Never again will I ever eat at this restaurant!!!
This place is more expensive the one at home
Terrible service
Show your ID to Danielle or she'll kick ur ass!!!
Get a drink that gets shaken and poured. Unlike other Fridays they fill it to the top--multiple drinks for the price of one!
Thx Daniella for my lil Sis's bday cake. Yummy! Wings for the next 3 days LOL!
overpriced
Festive and family-friendly. Mostly American menu includes potato skins, fried mozzarella, wings, and juicy burgers. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
<--- Coolest Bartender Ever!
Pizza sub with all the veggies is excellent.
The Wreck with hot peppers is unbelievable. Add some BBQ chips and you're set.
These subs are stupid cheap. Yum.
Want to manage expectation.  Subway gives you more meat. Blah
Better then subway! Everything is fresh :)
One of the best Italian sandwiches and peanut butter chocolate shakes ever
Free WiFi, live music, delicious sandwiches. Why aren't you here?
Can't go wrong with roast beef, mushrooms & Swiss! :-)
Free wi-fi and lots of seats after 2pm so you can eat and work on your laptop.
Don't under estimate the turkey sandwich. Add their amazing hot peppers for a mild bite, lettuce, tomato and   Pickle on the side. Toasted of course. Your taste buds wi thank you!
Try the Smoked Ham (via @Foodspotting)
Avoid coming here at lunch time. Line will be out the door. Come a little early or a little late. But if you choose to wait... It's worth it
Oatmeal chocolate chip cookie = retarded. You need to try it at least once. Nom nom nom
Try the "Fireball".  Meatball topped with their chili.  Napkins are a must.
The workers here are way too friendly but the sandwiches are good (and cheap!). I usually get a wreck.
This is my favorite sandwich shop ever. Get the wreck.
Jalapeños are a must !
I love it here! Get their oreo shake?
The cookies r really good :)
Have you tried the secret menu? Our concierge’s favorites: the Wrecking Ball (A Wreck + spiced meatballs) and the Fireball (meatball sub topped w/ hot chili). #delicious
They make a mean tuna melt on multigrain. I swap our the Swiss for Cheddar but mmmm
Slowest service ever and constantly mixing up orders
Ask fir the 'Hidden Station' on wheat
fantastic sandwiches but 5:00 closing on saturday? seriously?
Started in Chicago in 1977, it's as commonplace as Subway in some Northeastern cities. Try: “A Wreck,” made with roast beef, salami, turkey breast, ham and melted Swiss cheese ($5.80)
The wreck w/ everything is the best.  Not as thick/heavy as you expect it to be!
The sandwiches here are good, not PHENOMENAL - a better alternative to the Subway across the street, but be prepared to wait: the line is always halfway down the block at this location.
Cookies are the best!!
Cookies are d
First had this in DC. It is amazing.
Great enchiladas.
The torta de carnitas (no mayo) is one of the best Mexican sandwiches I've ever had. Awesome!
Get the chicken rollatini!
Delicious, tiny, Italian place in the West Village, with the BEST TIRAMISU I'VE EVER HAD!!!  Order it; you won't be sorry!
Delicious and unpretentious! Pasta cooked to perfection!
The seafood fettuccini arrabiata is absolutely fantastic. It's not on the menu, but it's always a special. Get it with lobster tails.
Food and service are impeccable, and extremely affordable. One of my favorite Italian restaurants in all of New York City!
Try a dish with the tomato cream sauce with portobello mushrooms
Linguini with clams is simply perfect
One of the best. No one does a anti-pasta better! Incredibly fresh ingredients and an authentic old world Italian ambience. Their seafood lasagna and broccoli are amazing.
Great old school Italian dinner on the cheap. Love it!!!
I'm always torn between the lobster ravioli and the Risotto tre fungi...simply incredible. And I don't normally like mushrooms.Probably my favorite restaurant in all of NYC...
My favorite restaurant in NYC!  Tiny place that's not usually too crowded.  Perfect if you're a fan of seafood-centric Italian dishes. Linguini w/ shrimp & calamari is amazing!
ok since i just got my 1st mayor for this great traditional Italian seafood eatery I'll give a tip - I enjoy the very simple but tasty litely fried Mixed Seafood Grill with a lite garlicky vinaigrette
Nice concept.  Pizza is OK.  The beer on tap is pretty legit.   Try the Scotch Ale. Delish!
"Medium" burger was raw, everything dripping in grease. Pass.
Really great burgers. Get the jalapeño fries and a growler of craft beer.
Try the Broken Meatball Pizza. It was pretty good. I didn't think the burger was anything special.
Burnt burger. Disgusting
There's a great lunch special between 12-4. NYUers get 10% off and they're on Rewards network so you get miles. Oh and the food is terrific.
3 pizzas later, HH pies are clearly a novelty via celeb chef Waldy Malouf. It's fun trying the new 'za in town, but that's it. Crust is half pre-baked, creating a dry, hard bottom; loose toppers.
13 spice pulled pork bbq pizza
Margherita pizza
3 pizzas  later, High Heat pies are clearly a novelty take. Yes, it's worth trying the new 'za in the area, but that's all. The crust is half pre-baked, creating a dry, hard bottom; toppers are soft.
Burnt pizza crust. The name "high heat" says it all.
Pizza here is fired fast & loose. Order it well done, unless you like the toppings soft.
The high heat burger is great, and fries are delish! Good to chill with your laptop too when it's slow.
Try the Beef Ramen (via @Foodspotting)
Well, it's cheap, but you get what you pay for. Avoid the Soondooboo ramen. Thumbs down.
Hot ramen on a cold night!  Hits the spot.
I love Ramen and wasn't disappointed. Impressive service!
COMIC SANSSSSS
$2 beers Mon-Thu but food was SOO bad. Eggnoodle buns w/ pork for starters good, rest was just WTF? With all the options in the neighborhood - would never recommend anyone going.Nice service though :)
Spicy pork! And make sure you get a seat where you can see the Tv and watch the how-to videos.
Poor service. Would not recommend.
Awesome prices, chill environment, quick service....I die for their beef teriyaki and yaki udon, gyoza, and chicken don. love love LOVE!!
I think this place was delicious! I don't understand what all the criticism is about but the beef roman was great!
Tofu & Vegetable Ramen is the best
So sad. There's so much good food in this neighborhood. This place is not. Avoid. Like. The. Plague.
Oily noodle. Nice service
Surprised at all the negative comments. I think this place is great. I love the beef ramen. Spicy is good too but just a little too spicy for me!
There is always a sale on Ramen here. Good cheap pork buns and yakitori (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Dollar menu isn't bad but you have to have a min. Order of 8 bucks.
Went here due to the other famous jap. restaurants being closed. Disappointed at the max! Japanese pancake was oily and heavy. Tried the spicy beef ramen, not all that good. Overall, no bueno!
I had karaage, okonomiyaki, and a couple of yakotoris and they were all highly disappointing. I might come back to drink and the ambiance is cool but I won't be eating here again.
Horrible! It's gotta be new owner with new staff. It was bad but not like this. Tried 5 dishes and 7 yakitories but I spit out most of them.
$2.50 draft sapparo $12 pitchers and a dollar menu!
Come for the ramen, stay your the 90s euro-dance!
The bibimbap is pretty excellent!
Great lunch specials
The spicy ramen is very, very good.
The service and food here are great. Love the cafeteria setup and the tv that shows how food was made and discovered.
Try the tonkotsu ramen
Okonomiyaki ftw!
Only spice seafood ramen is worth trying here. Save your money elsewhere if you want shiyo or miso ramen.
First time here and I ordered the Mussel Soup.  Very unusual and tasty!
Enticed inside by the lovely Esther, had some shishamo and Sapporo.  Pay Esther more!
Salmonnn! Then chicken!!
Really like their chicken here but the salmon is incredible
The quarter chicken special with rice and salad is a great deal. The lentils and sauce served over the rice make the meal. And all the cabbies come here, so it has to be good.
Not as good as the neighboring competition on this roast chicken heavy block (BaoBQ and Señor Pollo), but its open late - great when you're coming home drunk/late and could really use some chicken.
The Ayran drinks that look like milk...aren't.
Fried pickles. Do it, do it.
This place is incredible. Fun music, mouth watering food, and cocktails to blow your mind!
Chicken and grits! Wow
Go there on Wednesday nights. Their bartender Reynolds is an absolute genius!!!
IT'S ALL BOOTHS, GUYS.
Love the cocktails, will definitely be back to try everything on their cocktail menu. Also, the desserts are spot on. Their panna cotta with PB&J was a party in your mouth!
The bartenders are awesome, and I totally recommend the chicken and grits. Delish!
Try the Sherry Manhattan - The ice cube rules. The drink is good too. (via @Foodspotting)
Def order the guac and fluke ceviche. Skip the tomato app.
Try the London Buck - Candied ginger rocks. (via @Foodspotting)
If you're here for brunch, skip a bloody mary and get the Balanced Breakfast.
The Golden Dog has a lovely smoky flavor. It features a peaty Scotch mixed with apricot liquor, Bénédictine, Lillet and bitters.
The confit of legs of quail. Pairing board with mackerel. Lamb and the striped bass. All big winners.
Willett Manhattan
Great food, great atmosphere. small plate awesomeness.
Amazing cocktails, which is what I think this place is supposed to be all about, but they could have fooled me with their fantastic food, especially the chicken. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This East Village restaurant is outfitted with vintage wallpaper and pages from a 1915 etiquette text. Sample one of the pre-Prohibition quaffs, like the Sherry Cobbler (sherry and lemon juice).
Great place for a memorable cocktail, fine for a meal. The space is cozy, with a limited number of tables and chairs. It was buzz busy in summer 2011. In a retro mood, attitude comes with the service.
The Crow's Nest is boozy and complex and bittersweet, but you really owe it to yourself to try a G&T made with barkeep Tom's homemade tonic. Simply superb.
Great spot. Sit at the bar, the bartenders are great. The Hop Over is a killer beer cocktail. The half chicken is a delight (from someone who swore off poultry for 4 years).
Winter warmers include Hot Toddies & Buttered Rums, to the Negus (port, sherry, or Madeira w/ sugar & nutmeg), to the old-school sugar-and-lemon-peel Whiskey Skin
Charizo bread pudding... Wow!!!
The best hot buttered rum!
Portions are so small its more like tapas regardless of what you order. Very tasty but over priced going by portion size. Everyone left hungry after appetizers and meal
We always learn a trick or two from the friendly bartenders who are more than happy to share!  Be brave and try the Commando Cocktail.  Go sweeter with the Sherry Cobbler!
The Beagle does this latest trend justice with their Barrel-Aged Manhattan -- full of hints of yummy caramel & spice.
Try the V.O.C. drink
Try the sherry cobbler. Bar mgr Dan Greenbaum adds raspberries muddled w/ a wedge of lemon & a splash of simple syrup to Lustau Dry Amontillado sherry. It’s one of our #100best dishes & drinks of 2011
Score a seat at the bar and enjoy some fancy cocktails.
Great cocktails.  Great food.
One of the cashiers at this store is extremely friendly (you'll know which one he is, don't worry). Sometimes it works in your favor, and sometimes it gets weird.
Great BLT
Food is good, but very expensive. Make sure you come knowing what you want or the servers will hover over you and shout random food.
Beef low mein and steamed chicken with brown rice hits the spot when youre ordering taking out!
Sit outside and enjoy waterside dining and generous portions of good Chinese food.  Try the Steamed Juicy Buns, Spare Ribs and Spicy Soft Shell Crab.  Fast Delivery.
Attractive dining room with glorious harbor-front views. Shanghai, Cantonese and Szechuan dishes. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
inexpensive Chinese food with a great view of the statue of liberty
Best authentic Mexican in FiDi
There is margarita Mexican and then there's MERO MERO Mexicano! Azteca Soup, enchiladas y fresh watermelon juice and lookIng forward to coming back soon!
Refreshing homemade watermelon drink.
The habanero sauce is 2 Legit to Quit.
Even though it's a Mexican restaurant the Cuban Sandwich is great.
Food is good, but saw a roach on the wall once
Un auténtico y delicioso desayuno mexicano. A great And authentic mexican breakfast. Friendly staff, great food.
Carne Asada is awesome
Green Sauce.
Great food great service! They never get my order wrong! Everything i have ordered has been excellent quesadillas, tostadas, fish tacos, chicken mole all are fresh, not greasy at all!
Spinach enchiladas are excellent
Chicken fajitas = so fresh and tasty. Get extra refried black beans. They're like crack. Chicken tostada, fish tacos. Ask for hot sauce.
Try the Shrimp Burrito
my two favorite things: yummy food and mexicans. yum yum gimme some.
hidden gem. authentic mexican. beef nachos = slurp
Awesome chicken burrito
Don't put too much habanero on your food lol!
Hidden menu item: beef and chicken tacos with rice and beans.  Corn tortillas.  Good stuff.
Fish tacos - grilled mahi-mahi
Don't expect friendly service.  They can't wait to get you outta here.  But good food.
Huevos rancheros all the way
The Vegan's Delight is my fave.
Get "The Ultimate Platter" with a small side of tahini. Tastes unbelievable and is the perfect post workout meal.
Turkey burger every day
Try chicken grand slam for a great healthy and tasty combo
Mediterranean burrito is god like!
Love this place, been coming here for decades. The knockout sandwich, chicken coupe, and chili Mexican are also amazing.
EVERYTHING is good here! My personal favorite is the veggie sandwich (falafel hummus!)/ soup (lentil!) combo! So cheap! Pizzas and plates are bomb too!
One of the most disgusting bathrooms in the world.
Knock Out Classic Sandwich ++
Falafel sandwich all the way! Ask for hot sauce and tahini on the side.
The veggie sandwich with soup is a great deal for five bucks.
Carrot beet juice, hummus/babaganoush/falafel salad with chicken and carrot cake. Yummaaay
If you have a criminal record, stay away. The po-po hang here. All the time.
Everything here is amazing. Greek salad with lemon chicken is great.
The smoothies are a great lunch in the summertime!
Love the Mediterranean Burrito. Hold the beans. They're superfluous.
Try the ultimate plate
Veggie sandwich combo with soup (go for lentil) is a healthy bargain.
Best carrot cake anywhere.
great hummus
Greek Salad is excellent!
Try the turkey burger
Try the Chicken Coop dish....amazing!
The best mango gelato! But they are closing :.(
Mango is crazy delish man I'm loving it
They have soy gelato in peach, tastes gummy!
They used to have an awesome mozzarella tasting plate here. But not anymore :'(
Amazing 1990s tunes. Yesss
You must try the Nutella gelato and the Italian hot chocolate!
Store is part of a chain that has locations in Italy, China, Mexico, and Romania (how they chose to start with that combo, we have no idea). What sets this place apart? Robots!
great treats and gotta love the video projections
Get the vaca frita. It's the best!
Mojito and ropa vieja. Go for it.
Went for brunch on Sunday.everything was delicious. Staff was very freindly
Really good brunch deal.Amazing Sangria (be careful it's powerful but u don't realize it) the ropa vieja was tasty & get xtra cilantro sauce w/yuquita fries your going 2 want 2 put it on everything
Excellent food and atmosphere
This place is awesome. Loved the empanadas (all three)! Had the capahrinha cubano..delish. The rabo encendido is to die for. Great ambiance and staff are ultra friendly. Approved!
Foursquare said I got 50% off when I checked in here. We got real excited about the deal and ordered so much food. But they didn't honor it and pretended it didn't exist. Such bull$h!t.
Great food, very slow & kinda bad service.
The Hangar Steak is incredible. Do it.
The coconut cream pie makes me forget who I am. Like am I a giraffe?
Greenwich Village:  $10.95 for unlimited brunch cocktails and sangria (Hands down.. best Cuban in town)
ceviche! empanadas! tiradito de pargo! vaca frita! oh, and the mojitos are fantastic. live music a few days a week too.
Decent brunch food + $11 on top you get unlimited drinks for 2 hours... Treat yo self 
Great place and the food was amazing! If you want to enjoy real Cuban place and live Cuban music this is the place to be!
Try the sparkling mojito for brunch, especially with the 2h unlimited deal. Really good
The Paella is to die for!
Great drinks...try the Mango Sunrise!
Always great mojitos, ceviche, the works :)
Try the Coco mojito. They have good sangria and excellent Skirt steak w chimichurri!
My Favorite Spot Everrrrr
$10 for unlimited mimosas & sangria for 2hrs!!!! Mango mimosa is so good
Fun place for a group (we were 15). Good Cuban food (surprising given the name) with great sangria and a cozy atmosphere. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Cute decor, very intimate and cozy. Great brunch spot. $12 on top of your entre will get you unlimited drinks for 2 hrs and the food is amazing.
Quick dish picks: masitas de puerco, vaca frita are both authentically great! Yuca is also amazing!
Get a frozen mojito or 3 or 4; AND A CAB.
The white sangria is delicious.
1. Great food. 2. Fast service even on a busy Fri night. -- Will definitely be coming back
Ask for pitcher discounts during happy hr! $25 a pop for sangria or mojito!
Great Cuban spot that often has live music.  Bring a date and get the ropa vieja or the vaca frita, a pan fried skirt steak.
This place is VERY GOOD! the serving are pretty big so if you want to do family style just order a bunch of small plates and share! The staff is super sweet and service is great!!
Cheese slice: $1. Soda (12oz. can): $1.
So much better than 2 bros and other dollar slices.
Best quality $1 in Manhattan! Open till late on the weekends so perfect for post-bar food!
Best $1 slice in the village
worst service ever. these guys are a**holes
This is $1 pizza? No way. Too good.
This is By Far Thee BEST DAM DOLLAR PIZZA in NEW YORK, The Top Dog. Just $1.00 a Slice. Daniel Bellino Zwicke and NyFoodee 1st to Discover this GEM. Go to Rocco's for a Cannoli for dessert afterwards
Best $1 slice in the West Village
Easily the worst pizza I've had since Chuckie Cheese's. Not bad for $1.50.
Wack. Didn't like it... would rather go to Roll & Go or 2Bros.
Best dollar slice in the city.
A whole pie is only $16 and it's good the next day
Decent slice for a buck!
Not bad for a dollar slice. Pretty good, actually. Good stuff if you've been drinking nearby.
The couch by the window is the best seat in the house.
The owner's a little eccentric but very sweet. Check the fridge for free diet cokes.
5$ entree with qdoba card till 12-31-12
Customer service isn't so great here. Had to repeatedly tell the employee what we wanted in our order.
So wish this was a chipotle instead
All entrees $5 until labor day with qdoba card
Get the free Qdoba rewards card and you can get $5 entrees anytime. 11th entree is free!
Dos toros around the corner is much better
$5.99 burritos after 5pm (for a limited time...whenever that is). Grab a rewards card at the counter.
Chipotle is disgusting.! ¡
5dollar burritos after 5 is back ad 3 dollar craft beers from 4-7.  works for me!!
They now have wheat tortillas!
Got sick after eating here. SMH.
Best staff by far
No more $5 after 5pm. Booooo!!!
5$ after is better than Chipolte. Chipoltaway!!
The fuckin bitch with the weave stole my phone sometime last year. My sister called it and my phone rang in her pocket. It took her 10 mins to hand it over. Give her the finger for me guys!
The three cheese nachos are a must. Hella good.
Gus's Place was a location for the movie The Paper, check it out!
Try the new street tacos! They are super yummy - especially if you add ranchera sauce!
I eat religiously at Chipotle and I must say that their $5 burrito deal at Qdoba is absolutely the BEST. Try the Queso burrito, for real.
For being a fast food, crappy atmosphere chain store, their prices are very high. Try going somewhere else.
$5 Burritos after 5. GREAT deal for NYC!
These people are all 1/2 retarded
Way better than chipotle! Queso burrito with chicken AND steak...ask for guacamole (costs extra but well worth it)....really tight
$5 burrito (after 5 pm) is less delicious than what you'll get at Chipotle, but still a pretty crazy good deal
BOGO after five has been replaced by "everything on the menu is $5" after five, which is way better.
Free WIFI, no need to buy anything, they are very cool about folks just hanging out, and there is always a free table...also for the meantime it's buy a burrito get one for free after 5PM.
Queso here is amazing.
The Special Promo doesnt work here, but the food is good.  Pretty similar to Chipolte
BOGO sadly has ended. still qdoba is a decent chipotle substitute if you don't want to walk to Houston and varick
oh my wow! it's BOGO at Qdoba after 5pm!! now thru the end of the year!
Typical Starbucks
Do layers! Some ice cream, some toppings, some ice cream, some toppings. Always leave yourself a surprise for later in your treat!
Grab a yogurt, sit on the bench outside and people watch at night. Great fun.
Try the American Apple Pie Frozen Yogurt (via @Foodspotting)
Lesbian friendly.
Cellular Health www.tclark.usana. com
This place is totally awesome! The salted caramel is thee best!!!!
Try the Praline Frozen Yogurt (via @Foodspotting)
The yogurt is delicious. The music/ambience is awful. Grab a cup and eat it at the park up the street for a pleasant experience.
Graham cracker yogurt is the shiz.
Half Salted Caramel/Half Graham Cracker= a WHOLE lot of amazingness!
Make sure to ask for sample cups. Try before you buy...but you will not be disappointed! Euro Tart, Mango Tart, Coconut are 3 of my favs.
Gross, found a hair in the candied walnuts. People should not be serving themselves. There's a reason restaurants have strict sanitation regulations.
The huge cups will compel you to fill them up, but spend less money by loading on toppings instead of froyo. Cheesecake bits, brownie bits, and cookie dough are the best.
Standby for yogurt.
Try the bottled water!
The "bursting bubbles" topping is passionfruit (?) flavor. Would be good with eurotart. Pretty gross on my peanut butter froyo, though :-)
Try the Frosty Root Beer Float flavor during the month of June! To hear about the latest location openings, look here: http://bit.ly/NP5YR6
Extremely overrated. During summer nights, it's crowded & full of drunk idiots who can't make up their minds. If the yogurt was amazing, it might be worth the trouble, but...it's not.
Self Service! So many choices!
Mochi all day every day
Graham cracker yogurt and birthday cake yogurt with mini peanut butter cups! Yum!!
Gummy Bears quickly harden when sitting in fro-yo.  You've been warned.
Self serve, frozen yoghurt. Nom
Yummy Yummy
favorite fro-yo in the city!!!!
Ask for sample cups in the front to try out the flavors!
My summer treat! No fat frozen yogurt with fresh berries and nuts
This place about to froooo o o o o o o o yo
Don't turn down the sample cups. You need to try everything and the spoons are behind the counter!
Birthday Cake with Oreo crumbs and cookie dough
Short rib pierogis are a must!
borscht!!! and decadent blintzes
An east village staple
The Ukrainian borscht, potato pierogi, and meat-stuffed cabbage: all excellent.  Comfort food at its best.
the blintzes are something really special, as well as the corned beef hash! and it's a great place for a great late night meal :)
Fantastic place. Excellent food.
The pierogies are delicious! But I prefer fried over boiled. And use the applesauce....so good!
They have sweet potato fries. Order them.
The food is always delicious !
Most people will tell you to go for the Ukrainian stuff, which is a pretty great idea, but the corn beef hash was the best I've ever had.
So. Overrated.
Try the barley mushroom soup on a cold day!  Mmmmm
At brunch, the salmon & latke Benedict is unfair good. Order kielbasa with your pancakes, because it's a Ukrainian joint and therefore the law.
Delightful food, but terrible service.
Cabbage soup... Not something I'd ever think to order but serious mouthgasm... Also amazing: pumpkin, cheese, potato and meat pierogies, raspberry cheese blintzes, stuffed cabbage.
XL Matzo ball in the soup
I like sitting at the bar to watch the line cooks and to see the drawer of pierogis! Favorites are the pierogis with onion and sour cream, veggie borscht, blintzes, and the bigos.
Fried short rib pierogis.  The crispiness is well distributed.  Get a large plate and make the table jealous.
This institution, appreciated by locals is worth returning to, so when you've had the salmon bagel, make sure you tick off all the Ukrainian specials - with beetroot horseradish!
The Buttermilk Pancakes are among the best I've had.
Fried pierogies are the best ever.
The arugula + goat cheese perogies, coupled with a few potato latkes topped with sour cream and applesauce, is THE perfect late night drunk food.
A smoked turkey sandwich is an unlikely winner at Veselka, a riot of flavors like chipoltle, cranberry, the fennel in Amy's bread, and thinly sliced, smokey turkey.
A smoked turkey sandwich is an unlikely winner at Veselka.  a riot of flavors
The burger is strangely one of the best in the city - it's different. See:  http://aht.seriouseats.com/archives/2008/08/veselka-burgers-east-village-manhattan-nyc.html
Чудовий і правильний борщ:)
Fryalator was down when i needed it most - 11pm in The East Village, c'mon folks, this is scheduling 101. Burger was commendable and cooked to requested temp.
Good food, basic diner. But run by Ukrains and said to be the favorite place of Beat poet Allen Ginsberg.
Actually been there many times. Never disappointed. Love that it's 24hrs! Mac & Cheese is hearty. Love the Pirogi's. Burgers are good too.
I'm starving. Bring me pierogies!
Everything is great but everything with green tea ice cream or soft serve is fucking amaze-balls.
This is the prix fixe.
You cannot go wrong here! Sit at the bar and see how much energy is put into these desserts
The best place to grab dessert for dinner. It's worth the wait!
The strawberry, and salted caramel macaroons are so good
The cheesecake is famous, it's unreal!
Try the Cookies and Cream Sundae ($7.95), which mixes crisp chunks of three types of cookies with vanilla bean soft serve. "Just make sure to share with one or two people; the portion is huge."
Try the Apple Crisp Ala Mode - So good. There's an entire apple crisp in this sundae. (via @Foodspotting)
This is the offshoot of the amazing Chikalicious Dessert Bar across the street. Not as fancy, not as big a menu, but everything is just as delicious!
Try the Michelle Obama Sundae - Shapely arms of salted caramel over clever vanilla bean soft serve in savvy espresso with a classy frost of pecan (via @Foodspotting)
Such a cute place. Watching the deserts being made is a treat. Small portions for the price but it is worth it as they are delicious. Very creative selection. Worth the wait and the price.
Affogato +1.
Everything explodes with flavor, but this is not the place to go if you're a chocaholic.
Their cupcakes are to die for! Delicious if you have dinner around and just come her for a sweet treat!
Delicious! Tried the lava cake and the hot apple cinnamon crisp: amazing!
Love everything. The green tea shave ice is pretty Ono!
Delectable. One of the best dessert spots!
Best in the summer for unique ice creams.
Try the Chocolate Mousse On Gingerbread Cookie - Very cute (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lemon Pound Cake - I wish there was more  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Coconut Marshmallow - :) love marshmallow (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Petit Four - Coconut marshmallow, chocolate mouse on gingerbread cookie, and lemon pound cake. Yummmm (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Gooseberriea With Sweet Corn Ice Cream On Genoise Cake With Buckwheat Honey - Love the combination :) not too sweet a great summer dessert (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cheese Plate - The biscuit was warm :) gouda, Brie, Danish blue, and dates puree (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Amuse - persomen tomato with black pepper sorbe (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Utensils - I thought it was a very nice shot (via @Foodspotting)
The apple crisp is to die for!!!
chocolate and vanilla cookie éclairs (extra crunch over the shell surface. ice cream sandwiches are filled w/ vanilla bean soft serve & topped w/ hot fudge
Definitely the best dessert experience I have had. Amazing presentation with a delightful taste. Perfection!
eclair cone is the best!
It's very tiny - and very delicious!
Best costumer service and great organic cafe
Ask Jacob to perform a reading after trying a cup of his delicious Turkish coffee.
Stop in for our awesome Happy Hour! Everyday 5-9pm all of our tasty specialty cocktails are $7!
Chicken Milanese good concept, ok on taste. Same as with other reviews, food ok, overpriced, rude service. Won't return.
The service was okay and there was a piece of plastic in my salad. Fab location in Soho but would not go back.
Amazing Fish Burger
A bit pricey for what it is!
Margherita pizza and Sangria---excellent lunch!  And follow that with a Nutella pizza to share. Yum!
Mushroom omelette was tasty but the barista here was swearing loudly. All the wait staff is unprofessionally dressed and seem slovenly.
Try the Cheese Ravioli and Sangria.
It's friendly but average. Fish is good - the upstairs is very quiet mid week.
Great ambiance but a little over priced for what it is beyond that.
Don't sit near the door it's very distracting and cold winds come in all the time. No Internet & staff not always friendly
Service unsmiling and uncaring, chopped chicken salad bland and uninspiring , keep moving
The best espresso drinks ever!
Even though there service is not the best, their FOOD is great. Great lunch spot!
Not so good, SLOW service. Then add tip to the bill for 4 people. Yea... I guess they have to.
Horrible service
Try the Tomato Parmigian soup. AMAZING! But be careful, its as hot as lava. Blow on it. Woooooooo!
chopped salad with chicken was delicious but a bit pricey ($20). sangria was great too!
Pizza & chopped salad are delicious. Fries are a must & if I liked chocolate I would eat the nutella pizza every day
Upstairs looks like a new place. Ask to be seated up there for a better setting.
Lychee Martini...add a dash of lime juice and cranberry juice, best lychee martini I even have!
The Greek Omelete.
Pidan sopa de langosta cuando hace frío...
The best fresh fish in NYC and I've tried them all!  Plus, sushi, lobster, soup and a bunch of other very tasty ready to eat food for dinner or lunch.
Revisa bien tu langosta antes de comer.
sushi is overpriced/not that great but the fish, oysters are fresh and reasonably priced. to do... steamed lobster tail + butter!
GREAT Sushi, Soups, Fresh Fish and LOBSTA
Must for the freshest seafood casual lunch! Lobsters, sushi, soups, oysters, yummy!
Dying to go here
The lunch boxes are very good for the price.
Try the Lobster Roll (Sandwich) (via @Foodspotting)
Нам посеветовали шикарный суп 'new England clam chowder'
Fabulous place! The lobster is even better with a glass of white wine from the place next door. Make sure you ask nicely to eat/drink in the hall and return your plastic trays and wine glasses. Enjoy!
Ask for recommendations.  This place has a fantastic selection. I got a ton of help from Davis. He went out of his way to help me out.
Se vc gosta de lagosta.....este é o paraíso!!! Faz uma meleca geral mas é uma delícia e o preço é justo!! US$43,00 numa lagosta grande pra 3 pessoas!!! Nhamiiiiii
Jumbo lobster rolls !
Skip the overpriced lobster roll for the shrimp roll - a much better deal.
Not only for eating but getting lovely fish for home
Great lobster experience! Must eat in NY..
Laughing shrimps from Belize are a rare treat. Try them raw marinated 30 minutes in lemon / lime juice.
Reasonably priced boxed lunches of seafood sandwiches, chips, cookie & root beer.
Ready to eat Lobster for under $15 - excellent! Also try the Lobster sushi, you won't be disappointed
give brendan a high five
Get the smoked salmon sandwich, you'll be happy you did.
Try a small soup and a crab BLT to go then sit out on The High Line.
Always awesome. But get there early or be prepared to walk the market looking for a place to eat at lunch time
Lobster Rolls, bacon & scallop chowder, & ginger beer for my dear friend :)
Its the best lobster bisque I've ever had.
Fully cooked whole lobster is about $30 bucks. DATE Night dinner :)
Fresh and amazing, The head on my plate didn't bother me much either!
Not only good, fresh, sushi but I have to repeat to try the HUGE lobsters!
You can eat a fresh+cocked+big lobster here!. They cocked to you when you order and you can choose!. 2-3 lbs./piece * $12.50/lbs.
Hours for this place are botched on Foursquare as of 12/13/12. Monday is usually the only day they're closed.
New York City’s brewing to celebrate Oktoberfest: Top 10 German Restaurants in NYC
For vegetarians, 3 appetizers make a good fat dinner. Kartoffelpurffe, Bratkartoffein, and the yummy Pretzels! Daanke!
They have the das boot!!!!
God I love Lederhosen. Get a sausage, drink a beer, enjoy a view of the majestic Alps, watch out for the Satanic horse in the corner of the mural.
Amazing kiebasa and nratwurst
Great German spot but I wish they had outdoor seating.
Love this place. Excellent sausages. Try the kielbasa. Great selection of German beers. Take down das boot. Get here early, tables are tough to get and they close at midnight (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Never ever come here. The bloody bitch of a waitress only came an told my wife and I at 1120 pm that they were closing in 20 mins. Mind u we were the only coloured folk in the bar.
One of the top five German Beer Halls in NYC & one of the favorite Greenwich Village bars of the Cocktails & Curiosities team.  Get the scoop on Dirndls, lederhosen and beer that smells like bacon....
German beer is fresh and the Brats are excellent ($5).  Cozy atmosphere...  easily met more people there than any other bar in the city.
We can't get enough of the great party atmosphere. You don’t have to be German to enjoy a good pint of pilsner and a sausage with sauerkraut.
If you order the boot, make sure you get a brat to go along...that guy's gonna' take a while.
Have a Jägermeister with the barman
I cannot speak highly enough of this establishment! The food is authentic, reasonably priced, and above all, delicious. Alice Liebe fur lederhosen!!!!
We love the cheap (& good) beer and relaxed atmosphere. It may not be in Deutschland, but this place feels like a real biergarten. Come autumn, the Oktoberfest celebrations are especially noteworthy.
Get the German potatoes
Surly wait staff, but great pretzels and beer
Winner of Best German in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! The city Yes, get a beer, but also get the city's best soft pretzel!
We've been waiting 45 min for food
Located at the heart of the West Village...you enter this place and you feel like you just arrived in Germany
Pretzel is lackluster. Just a generic NY street cart style pretzel served warm. Accompanying mustard is delicious.
Unbeatable pretzel with sweet mustard, happy hour from 4-7pm has 0,5L draft beers for $5 a pop. Making this a weekly spot.
If you have eaten to much, try and Underberg you will not regret!
potato pancakes are tastey
Poor service, single stall restroom (rare in a German place). Beers on tap a bit skimpy. Sausage was good. Probably not worth it, though.
The Schweinshaxe is amazing. Try it.
Get a Boot of any of their drafts then reward yourself with a preztel and some currywurst
Horrendus service. Hate them.
Horrible service. Good, but not great, German food.
Avocado and fresh mozzarella sandwich: Mozzarella and pumpernickel complement one another perfectly in this avocado-heavy sandwich.
Get two ice cream flavors in your milkshake. Try a raspberry and coffee shake or ask the staff for their favorite mixes
Mix two ice creams in your milkshake - try a berry ice-cream with chocolate or coffee
O sorvete não é tão bom, mas a casquinha faz valer a pena!!!!
Their savories are also good. Hands down pumpernickel
We can never leave the Chelsea Market without a pitstop at Ronnybrook! HAUS favorite? The black and white shake of course!
I would kill for Sid's Chocolate Silk.
"farm fresh" ice cream—try ginger crème brûlée & hazelnut. raisin oatmeal cookie is also good
Blueberry ice cream is totally awesome!
Try the chilled, lavender-infused milk.
The crack of all dairy!!!
The coconut almond milkshake is divine!
Try the Blueberry shake! Exquisite
Based on my mind-blowingly blissful milkshake, I'll surmise that Ron Burgundy would deem milk from here a GOOD choice on a hot day!
I dropped a Collectivus White Daisy of Innocence Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Skip the ice cream and get a shake. Definitely give the creamsicle a shot!
Creamy, sweet a delicious hot chocolate with milk from their own farms!
Their specialty shakes and ice cream are the best!
Chocolate and orange peel milkshake.  Do it.
Try the Vanilla Ice Cream - If you live anywhere in New York, you really have no excuse not to eat the greatest pint ice cream around.  (via @Foodspotting)
The fried egg breakfast sandwich is filling and delicious
i think all the people that work there are stoned out of their gord
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day, we all scream for ice cream on December 13th. http://exm.nr/sfKAhx
Amazing omlettes!
Get the apple pie milk shake! So amazing!
Coffee milkshake far too sweet for my taste. But i guess i was expecting a vanilla shake with an espresso shot.
Rasberry milkshake! Delicious.
Great for a lite brunch. All of the milkshakes are great.
Ask for a malt! Chocolate!
Very nice ice cream
Egg in a hole - best breakfast item in Chelsea Market
Try the Apple Tart ice cream milk shake!
The jalapeño and mozzarella is delicious!
Established 1910 by immigrant rabbi who sold from a cart. Continuously family owned. Handmade knishes cooked in the basement brick oven; a dumbwaiter connecting to the shabbily-nostalgic dining room.
Can't go wrong with Mushroom Knish
If you like a Knish, this is the best place to go.  Get the kasha Knish or the original. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Words cannot do the pizza knish justice.
Kasha knish: A+
Love the Cherry Cheese!
Try the red cabbage knish
Since 1910 Yonah Schimmel has been making knishes for New Yorkers!
Potato knish is where it's at... A dinner sized portion.
The chocolate dessert knish is quite possibly the best chocolate treat NYC has to offer!
This place is a neighborhood institution. My grandfather took my grandma here on one of their first dates.
Try a chocolate egg cream.
Roasted garlic and onion knish is OUT OF THIS WORLD good.
You don't have to be Jewish to have a knish.
One of my favorite foodie places in the city - can't go wrong with the broccoli or mushroom! Must try at least 2 at a time :D
Try the Blueberry Cheese Knish and spot it on Foodspotting!
sweet potato knish is the best!
Try the 100 year old lactobacillus delbrueckii subspecies bulgaricus.
You absolutely must have the latkas here.  Superb!
You can get a free rugalah of it's your birthday. (It's my birthday.)
Go to Yonah Schimmel's Knish Bakery and get a potato or cheese knish! You won't regret it! :D
Try the bathroom in the back.
If you get a Twix, share one with a friend.
Order oatmeal, guess the consistency and win a free pizza.
Here in the morning? Start it right with the Chris Petrillo breakfast: small oatmeal and a French vanilla coffee.
Get a bialy instead of a bagel
Try the 7up: Retro - its made with real sugar!
They're fresh out of 10w-30. Try the muscle milk.
Salute the doorman and you'll get a free snapple.
Try the hot French Vanilla coffee
The blandest (healthiest) oatmeal you'll find in DuMBO
Ok, seriously, only 3 stars. But sometimes you want greasy and if the Morris truck isn't in the 'hood, you can come here and get their grilled cheese with tomato.
Try the Taco Thursday Special - Pork and chicken (via @Foodspotting)
Taxi Thursday, bitches!
Thursday is taco day.  Get there by 12pm to beat the crowd.
By far the best burgers in DUMBO. The staff is really nice too! Stay away Thursdays if you don't like lines.
Best bfast sandwiches in da hood
They have the best Burger & Fries in all of Bklyn!
Smoked turkey, swiss, coleslawm, russian dressing on rye toast. mmmmmmmmmmm.
For tasty and inexpensive lunch on Thursdays, come and get the pork tacos.
Decent Philly Cheesesteak. Peppers and onions come standard. But definately go for the tacos if it's Thursday. Get there by 1.
Go on Thursdays for taco Thursday. Get one pork, one chicken.
The roasted eggplant is ridiculously good. They roast it whole and just slice it up table side.
Get the pizza with caramelized onion and oregano!
Foc with the Nutella Focaccino.
If they have it on special - the Chicken Cacciatore is out of this world. Probably the best "fall off bone" chicken I've ever had.
Absolutely appalled by their lack of service and caring. Had reservations for a large party at 10pm, kept us waiting until 11pm and did not even apologize or attempt to compensate. Very rude staff.
A neighborhood gem! They have great vegetarian selections and portions are just right.
Popular Italian restaurant. Often a queue but quickly moving.
You'll have to wait for a rather excellent and no-nonsense pizza, but it's worth it.
Long queue's but famous Italian restaurant. Go late.
You simply must try the focaccino! Ricotta, truffle oil, and prosciutto on a focaccia crust!
Lemon pasta, polpette pizza. 'Nouf said.
Do. Not. Sleep. On the spaghetti limone. So simple but so delicious. And the polpettine pizza doesn't suck either. Trappolini $38 bottle of montepulciano/Sangiovese blend is a perfect compliment.
Ask for the espresso martini...it's not on the menu, but it's AMAZING! Salute!
I love this place! though I'm on my second lambrusco reggiano, but yeah..the staff is super friendly, the food is great and the spirits get you there. what more can you ask???
The lemon pasta is citrusy with beautiful cheese flavor and the beet ravioli's rich flavor and color can be served in any high-end Italian restaurant.
A sunny Friday evening with 1st ave full of people on the street in this trendy downtown neighborhood. I enjoyed fresh salad (nothing canned) and a sausage pizza. Simply fantastic!
Arugula & Parmesan salad with a special pizza (they're all to die for!). Mozzarella is always fresh & tasty. Tiramisu is perfection if you're still hungry.
you can't go wrong with the pizza!
Spaghetti limone is awesome. Great tunes.
I had a love affair with the tagliolini pisselli (it was a special). You will not regret it.
Is it normal for the hostess to be giving guys at the bar backrubs??
Cool place which is bigger than you think. Food is really tasty, service is so nice. The spinach al forno was the best spinach I ever had
My absolute favorite is the Focaccino ! You won't find anything like it elsewhere !
Home of the self eating pussy.
They'll make you the proscuitto arugula special pizza even when its not a special. And its the best pizza they make. Do it!
Antipasti platter rocking my world
Unsure of the reason behind the rave reviews of this place; the ambiance and service was amazing but the food was severely lacking. got the antipasti, ravioli & margherita pizza - all sub-par.
As of Feb '12 this place has really nose dived.  Tips mostly used to be right, but it's gone way down on every front.  Definite pass.  Way better Italian to be had at Max, Sauce or Malatesta.
Amex rules baby!
Spinach gnocchis were delicious!
If you don't specify, they'll put sugar in your coffee. If you ask for no sugar ahead of time, you'll still get it!
2s Donuts & hot chocolate $4.59 lol.
Don't go here. Its totally not worth it. I'd rather spend the money and wait in line at starbucks
Be sure when u order coffee to say "hot". And don't order more than one item at once. They WILL screw up the order. But hey, its right down the block!
The service here is horrendous. Its unfortunate that its just so convenient.
The nicest lady at the counter.
Great old school bakery, a must stop in the neighborhood!
Andy makes a lovely chai tea latte with honey. Do it!
now open at 7am during the week, making it the best breakfast spot in the hood for weekday breakfast. (baked eggs!!)
Gotta get the white peach tea! Great playlist here too
Great place for lunch or dinner on the LES.  They also have a really cool private room called Orange that seats around 12. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Baked eggs!
This place is good. Brad is the best.
Steak and Arugula Salad is the hotness.
Brunch! Munch munch!
The Peppermint tea is a nice alternative to regular coffee here. The baked eggs are excellent, presented really well. Love this place.
Holy iced latte batman! Perfect for a hot day
Baked eggs.  Everyone of them = delicious.
The coffee was great and the chorizo eggs breakfast was even better! A perfect place for starting the day.
Best coffee in LES...
The lamb sandwich is delicious!
Brussels sprouts with chorizo
mac n cheese!
this place is very good
delicious brunch venue where you can eat heatily for under twenty dollars and all to the sounds of the smiths or roxy music. the staff are also super cute.
The grilled cheese is really good.
Loved the Les platter
Moby does not own brown
I think Moby owns this cafe. I love the brown rice dishes.
get the baked eggs with salmon and the masala chai
Tacos Morales is my absolute favorite spot for authentic mexican. And it's extremely affordable!
Best Cemitas I've ever had. Hands down. Do not forget to tip :)
Tacos de lengua are dope. Don't sleep on the chorizo either, but not as good as @culturefix
Protip: Squirt the lime on your taco, not in your eye.
Good and cheap.
Best chorizo tacos in the city. Not a moving target, it is 24/7 at ave a and 2nd.
The best tacos in nyc!
Barbacoa. If you dont know now you know
Tinga. Cecina. Tacos. Quesadillas. The only four things you need to know. I'm nominating them for best drunk food in nyc, Hell best anytime food, period.
Really cheap and flavorful mexican food comes from this truck.  Try not to miss out on the barbacoa, just don't be sad if they're out of it, it's a quick seller.
Get the chorizo.
Super cheap, super good.  Brisket taco is great but grab a cecina too.
Carnitas tacos, they are gonna rock your socks.
The funny thing is that I try to give Taqueria LES my business, but they're always closed. Morelos is just as delicious, if not more so.
The Cecina (salted beef) taco is a must-have.
Try the cheap and satisfying Suadero taco here: Chewy, charred slices of brisket are pepped up with a mix of onion, cilantro and guacamole. It's one of NYC's 26 best tacos!
The picada I got for $3 came on a handmade tortilla, was heaped w toppings, and bursting w flavor. Mexican food that's so superior to the stuff from the current wave of NY hipster taquerias.
Same menu and people as the one 4 blocks south, on 2nd St. Yay!
$2.50 for Tacos, really good and fast, make sure you get the spicy sauce
Look no further for a quick cheap bite on the go. They're so fast you may not have to stop walking
Lengua tacos are things of beauty. Best new addition to the EV/LES in ages.
Get the roasted pork torta. Amazing, delicious sandwich.
I have no idea how that flavor comes out of that small cart, but wow. Tortas are incredible for $5.
Finally! Good Mexican food in NYC! Chorizo anything is good here. Also. GOAT TACOS are the BOMB!!!!!!!!
Save room for the Halva parfait ....
Get the falafel buns, grilled avocado salad, truffled gnocchi and sweet potatoes; sit at the high top table to avoid the high traffic movement from the wait staff - the restaurant is quite cozy
Portions are way too small and it ends up being too expensive for a LES restaurant. Food is good but not too wow. I ordered truffle gnocchi and pistachio meatballs.
Definitely save room for dessert and get the halva parfait- mind blowing good!
New. Mediterranean. If you're looking for a flavorful tapas-style meal using fresh ingredients, Mezetto is the place for you. Taste: Truffled gnocchi, Lamb meatballs, and Grilled skirt steak
Watch our newest edition of the Chef Video Series with renowned Chef Missy Robbins for more on this amazing Michelin starred restaurant!
Executive Chef Missy Robbins
Michelin 2012 ★
Don’t go there without trying the ricotta & toasted bread appetizer—it’s like a little bit of heaven served on a plate.
The grilled octopus dish is not you would expect. They sliced it so thin. Ask your server for details before ordering it. I wish I did
Empty and unfriendly.
If you are looking for the best, truly creative pasta dishes, head here to indulge. Service is friendly, and constant, esp at the bar.
Myuge cab.... Pork belly appetizer... llimmoncello marshmallows.. :) heaven.
The eats are reliably delish–just classic Italian fare with subtle gourmet flourishes. We also like how seamless the service is, and the decent selection of wines by the glass is a nice perk too.
My favorite restaurant in the city
Love the chill ambiance, randomly small yet good beer selection and the foooood!
One Michelin star.
I've been a fan since day one.  Great atmosphere, and to be honest I like ordering a few apps instead of a main.
Amazingg Italian classics!  Try the Chicken and Polenta!
Something about a $17 martini that reminds menu am in NYC.
At A Voce Madison, Missy Robbins offers a regionally-inspired $29 prix-fixe menu weekly at lunch with specially-priced regional wines to match. - Inspector
HAVE THE DONUTS FOR DESSERT!!!!   Ridiculous!
Cassontini & Agnolotti. Don't ask questions, just do it.
A Voce Madison is one of the NYT restaurant critic Sam Sifton’s 50 favorite NYC restaurants. To see the full list, get The Scoop iPhone app, an inside guide to New York: NYTimes.com/thescoop
Goat Cheese Ravioli = A+
Menu for New York Restaurant Week is awesome!!
Try the Spaghetti With Shaved White Truffles and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Spaghetti With Shaved White Truffles and spot it on Foodspotting!
Gansevoort Recommend
Don't fill up early! Save room for dessert and get the torta di nocciola. It's perfectly smooth and chocolate-y. You definitely won't regret it.
Loving Chef Missy Robbins, Chef de Cocina Hillary and Company! Great meal and great company.
The eggplant-filled raviolini are amazing...
Decent food but expect to have to flag a server down
Great food. Don't miss the Ricotta Antipasta.
All the Italian classics from awarding winning chef Missy Robbins. We like the sweetbreads Milanese or the grilled chicken with polenta.
Absolutely order the Wagyu as an app, and if you like Sea Bass, theirs is magical.
Fried rice risotto is great!
Ddukbokki rice cakes are delicious
Good food. Bring your own wine. Their list is more of an aspiration than a list.  Missing almost every wine we ordered
Excellent! Skip the fish and chips and pot pie. Definitely try the sea bass, lamb buns and skirt steak!
Incredible food and a great wine selection mark this restaurant as Iron Chef Morimoto's next big thing. (Ask for Nick- he's my favorite server!)
The bone marrow mashed potatoes are unbelievable!
Skinny crust, tomato, spinach, garlic. Super fresh and pretty yummy...nice healthy alternative :)
Some really great pizza comes out of this teenage hangout of a place. Take it from me, just have it delivered. It's goooood!
The healthiest pizza possible (that also tastes great). Get the superbiotic.
Naked Pizza is an ethical & sustainable pizza joint participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Wow! They made a mistake on my pizza and I got another one free!
Order an entire pizza and eat it yourself. All by yourself.
Yay gluten free crust. It does contain dairy, though.
Take your pants off before you enter. Naked twister games in back.
Great addition to the hood. I recommend the thin crust Mediterranean pizza
Gluten free pizza... Say what now... :))) awesome...
gluten free crust available on medium pies only
Check out the F-Factor Approved menu options here: http://goo.gl/TZReC
This place has traditional food that comes in huge portions!
Obsessed with the parmigiano reggiano cheese chunks
One of the best restaurants for Italian in NYC, have never had a bad meal here. Any of the veal dishes are fantastic.
Come with an empty stomach and a full wallet
From the beginning: arrogant staff ,high prices and mediocre food...very dissapointed
The attention from the staff makes us feel like the most important people in the room; from rattling off minute details about the food preparation to making smart comments about wine selections.
Get the Dover Sole.  Pricey but incredible.
High-end Italian, great pasta and veal parm
Pace yourself. Delicious parmigiano reggiano cheese followed by a platoon of appetizers is a meal in its own right. Saltimbocca veal was great. Flourless chocolate cake ended the meal in heaven.
Had my birthday dinner here, and I was blown away. Impeccable service.  Truffled langostine risotto, hello lover!
#9 - IWalked NYC's Top 10 Italian Restaurants. Greenwich Village staple. Been voted the #1 Italian restaurant in NYC by Zagats for two decades. Portions are ginormous & have lots of garlic!<LINK>
be prepared for a long wait for your table, however, the wait is worth it, awesome :)
The Dover Sole was quite likely the most perfectly cooked fish I've ever had outside of Japan. You will also get almost an entire meal before you are handed the menus.
Il Mulino’s shining point is that the food is truly authentic. Known for its home made and best-in-town pasta, we went a different direction in ordering the double-cut veal chop and were delighted.
PHOTO: President Barack Obama and Bill Clinton outside after an address to Wall Street CEOs in 2009, at the link!
Get the mushroom porcini ravioli w/ truffle oil... to die for!
Great food, service and ambiance with lots of free starters.  Try the Fettuccini Ragout and the Red Snapper.  Very expensive.
Get a 3 pasta sampler with the rest of your group for the middle course.
and I disagree w Jeffrey too
I disagree with Robert who maybe does not know anything about Italian food...Il Mulino is not the best....maybe the worst!
The Best, whether its New York City, Long Island, or San Juan Puerto Rico, or Tokyo.
Have the fruit platter at the end! Most amazing presentation ever!
Best Italian Restaurant in the World?
Be careful ordering the porcini ravioli with truffles.   $100 entree...
Order papardelle mulino, rack of lamb, osso bucco, uccelletti Alla fiorentino for amazing dishes.  Ok it's all amazing.
Wanna reservation?  Don't call, go to the restaurant and make one in person.  You'll get ahead this way.
Village Voice says to get the Carnitas Tlaycoyo
Three thumbs up for the torta al pastor as well as tongue taco and horchata. I refuse to go to any other taco truck!
Can beat 3.50 for a veggie taco
HORCHATA!! Only $3 for a big cold delicious cup.  The folks inside are pretty friendly too.
You have yo try the quesadillas!!
Just had some bangin nachos from this truck.
The Norteno Burrito is the thing to get.
The taco de lengua is to die for.
The norteno burrito is close enough to a mission burrito when it's 1am and you're drunk.
$3 Tacos. Yummy and awesome!
Food is fine but they need some plan for dealing with crack heads
Get your favorite coffee at Starbucks next door, then come here for the tuscan white bean soup and a fruit cup.
Woman at register totes on her cell phone ringing people up for at least 10 mins.
They are always out of bread. Get there early. Mgr seems to care about customers issues.
Dont come here... Crazy after crazy will come in to bother you.
The mac and cheese is delicious.
Great place to charge the phone!
Just found plastic wrap in the middle if my sandwich.
10% discount for Con Ed and Beth Israel employees
You can plug in and recharge, table near the door, against the window
Starbucks is right down the street. Just sayin'.
The staff who does breakfast is rude and they just don't give a rats ass about anything. The cashiers are better at their jobs than the "cooks".
Great service and awesome breakfast sammy
Great place for having a breakfast.
This truck is interesting for me
Open for business @macysevents!
Really good !!!' Very good adress!
A bit overpriced for the amount of food you get.
Unfriendly service and extremely small cuts of fish. Not recommended.
The tempura is usually overlooked on the menu. The ginkgo nuts, broccoli and shiso leaf add a slightly heavier balance to the sublime lighter than air sushi here.
Impeccable knife skills in fruit salad dessert.
Neorest auto toilet
Very fresh sushi. Love the menu. But not terribly kid friendly and no spicy mayo. Still a net positive...by a lot.
You're on the fence. Go for the lunch special. It's delicious and much more filling than a la carte.
try the beef stew
Try the Lychee martini. Their raw fish is pretty good too...
A good meal, on the pricier side. Sushi is pretty delicious.
Fish head yum
Try the Afternoon Plate (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tempura (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chirashi (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cha Soba - Love the broth (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Garlic Beef - Beef was very tender (via @Foodspotting)
The seaweed salad is actually a salad - delish!
Best miso soup in town. Very unconventional flavor.
watch out for fruit flies!
We ordered Omakase sashimi for two ($120) big mistake. Everything was brought out at the same time in a plate and let's it. None of it were special sashimi.
Best red miso soup in the world - ok maybe in Japan they are even better
I will vouch for the continued quality of the food here with my life. Been more than a dozen times in a year.
Sushi & Sashimi combo & Kamotsuru Saki + great service = Def Repeat!
One of the best in lower manhattan that is not super expensive. not cheap but most authentic and Japanese you can get around this block.
The toilet is reason enough to come here
Sushi Five is a must. beef negimaki appetizer is a welcome warm addition to meal. crazy awesome toilets with heaters/air dry.
Enjoyed the tempura and tempura soba noodles.
Yes, the prices are a bit high, but the quality is great! I still dream about those toro and salmon sashimi.
The $20 special that everyone is talking about is called twilight dinner. And it's the jam. Choose sushi or sashimi and then the parade of food begins!
Sashimi was fresh & delicious.
Good food but don't sit by the bar! Cold as I don't know what
Salmon steak was pretty good and for a decent price, got brown rice and sushi and soup and salad. 7/10
3 rolls & a salad/soup for $10. Good sushi. Good deal.
I've been coming here for years, very consistent & good
The pre-fixe dinner (2 entrees, choice of miso or veggie soup), rice and salad is about 15.00. It's a great deal. Definitely worth it.
Really fresh Salmon.
Brown rice has been added to the menu, a welcome develpment.
Yakiniku don (beef on rice) is really good.
$8.95 miso soup, salad, spicy salmon, main dish, bottomless green tea cups and fruit for dessert... Until 4:45!
Try the salmon steak in lunch special
good food, mediocre service.  probably won't be back.
Bad service. Mediocre food. Not worth the money.
Great pre fixed dinner special until 8pm. Inexpensive for soup, salad, 2 entree choices and sides
beef rib eye terriyaki steak ... best steak under $20 in the city.
This place sucks. Don't go.
The service was slow and it didn't seem particularly busy. Also, the sushi was a bit ... warm. The presentation was nice but I don't think I'd get sushi here again
The wasabi Shu Mai is REALLY spicy!!
This is not sushi. By far the weirdest sushi i've ever seen. It's enormous in a bad way.
Not the best sushi but I enjoy eating here since it was my very 1st sushi spot way back when I was 20yrs old.
Anyone who knows sushi, knows this place is pretty much garbage, fortunately for them, most of its patrons are college kids from middle America that don't know any better and write glowing  reviews
Service can be slow when busy, but overall, a great value at one of the few Sushi places that also has a large kitchen menu.  Sukiyaki!
I love the avocado and tuna salad with the Sayuri Nigori Sake
Check out the post-10pm late night special - $16 for saki/sapporo and either 2 apps, app + 2 rolls, or entree
Mediocre at best. Soup and salad are terrible. Sushi is meh. Don't remember what the other dish I had was, it wasn't worth remembering
This place is terrible. I'm with Jordy on this. Skip it!
Slow takeout. Okay chicken salad.
This is awful.
My friend saw Rue McLanahan here once.
Ignore jordys comments. He's just butthurt. Service was good. Food was great. Nice spot.
food is a 7/10. mango lassi is too thick. service is horrible. they seem to not give as much attention to their non-white customers. in the 2 hrs my family was here, they refilled the water once!
Lamb was awesome. Make sure they keep it on the rare side!
Usually love this place however I think I got sick from my last trip
highly recommended!!
Food is average. Don't get the chicken tikka masala - huge let down.
The Kama Sutra drink is amazing!
Tastes like bad Chinese food. It was weird
Lunch takeout from the buffet is only $8 and it's all delicious!
Get the butter paneer. Kind of an unexpectedly loud atmosphere for an indian restaurant but it was awesome. The music made me want to dance. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tasty chicken tikka masala and a good ol' mango lassi in a mason jar with a handle. Music is quite loud tho. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
great selection of North Indian food, well made and has the authenticity of punjabi food, the makani daal, tandoori and butter chicken is enough to keep you happy, they have a great buffet.
The $12.50 Sunday brunch gets you amazing food and sides (like Paani Puri and Pav Bhaji) along with their delicious biryani. Definitely the best Indian brunch deal in town...
Great food must try for authentic patakha Indian food
Seek Kabab is amazing!
Some very good spicy dishes.
Can't go wrong with the $11 lunch buffet.
Great Indian, horrible service. Still, the food's good enough we keep coming back
Dhaba108 Lexington Avenue (Between 27th and 28th), New York, NY 10016(212) 679-1284
Great mulligatany soup!!!!!
Awesome weekend buffet
Amazing food. 11 dollar buffet!!!
Easily one of the best indian restaurants in the city. Try Tandoori mixed grill or Bulchao curry!
best Indian food I've tried in the area, 10.00 buffet!
this place needs to get their act together before opening a restaurant. 40 minute wait for apptz on a sunday at 5 with half the place empty. We were not the only ones leaving..
Try the crunchy purani delhi ki papri chaat, composed of a layer of fried wheat discs piled with chickpeas and diced potatoes. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011.
Skip it- blech!
Every chicken dish I've had there is great.  Also the spinach and onion fritters are wonderful.
Wow to the lunch buffet. Chicken Tikka and Mattar Paneer were great, and the Tandoori Chicken was out of this world. Not a huge fan of their take on Saag, and that is generally my favorite dish.
5 stars! One of the best Indian meals I've ever had. A MUST try. Can't wait to go back
Don't bother making a reservation.  I've been waiting over half an hour even with a reservation. The hostess is an idiot and was unapologetic.  The manager was the exact same way. Terrible Service!!!
Fabulous and a deal.
Don't waste your time. Portions are kid sized. Would never go back.
Great Food and wine.. the service was awesome!
very good pasta! try the rigatoni amatriciana.
I've been coming here for 10 years and love it! Must get Red Sangria, super authentic!
I had the salmon ravioli. Alex was our waiter and we loved him.
Amazing chicken franchaise!
This place is awesome. They invited me in to sit down when it was bad weather, even though they were not ready to open yet.  The food is great, and the waiter always treats me like someone special.
Great food, great service, really personal environment.
Nice lunch special. Vegetable soup with chicken ravioli and crispy fresh salad on the side.
The best pasta in NYC!
Waitor is a dick. Too distracted when taking our order to realize he told us our meals come with salads; when we asked he said later it didn't. Then, we ordered vegetarian pasta and they put meat
Do not eat here. Only three cooks on staff and they all had lunch in the open kitchen at the same time. Polite wait staff though
Try the Lasagna it's a great and light meal and not very expensive.
Ask for alex! He's the man... Food is fantastic, house wine is even awesome! Head to Mulberry St bar across the street and say hi to Larry after!
Ate really good pasta for a few bucks. Everyone there is really nice.
A favorite little place in Little Italy. Have done dates, b-days, and family dinners here with great success. Order a pitcher of the flavorful sangria and try their carbonara or chicken dishes. Great
The service here was horrendous. They also charged us a service charge when we only had a party of 4. The food was mediocre so you're definitely better off eating somewhere else.
The stuffed mushrooms are good but stay away from the Capresse Salad. $10 for 3 slices of beef steak tomatoes and one leaf of basil...not so much. There are much better places on Mulberry.
Try the frutti di mare
The food was mediocre, I don't think the pasta was fresh. They charged my party of two for service when it's only for parties of 6 or more. If they ask where you're from, always say NYC (my mistake).
Should not treat a tourist as a mug and charge me service when it's for 6 or more people. Don't think so. Asked for the ac on twice and u ignore me. U get min tip and it's ur fault!
This was okay,not great, the chef needs to learn how cook a decent tomato sauce
The meat sauce on the lasagna tastes just like Chef Boyardee!
Try the desserts!!!
Try the Rigatoni al Filetto... it's an amazing classic!!! You can also try the Lasagna, it's great too
Go for the garden seating!
Zeppoles are peanut safe --- a real treat of a place to bring a kid with the allergy!!!!
Best restaurant in Little Italy. Make sure to sit in the outside garden if it is nice out to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city!
Pasta fagioli is bland. Ziti quattro formagi was so-so. Meh.
Unless you are a table full of women expect lackluster service. Good food though.
Worst lasagna ever. Period.
The gnocchi con pesto pairs nicely with a sauvignon blanc for a hearty dinner.
Osso Bucco with Milanese rissotto is the best dish ever! Calamari is also very light and fresh...
Huge portions!  Lasagna was awesome!
I found a piece of hair in my food.... As it was in mouth!
Absolutely delicious. You can't go wrong here.
Osso Buco is where it's at.
Staff was awesome, food was served VERY fast. I will be coming back on my next visit to nyc!
I swear every guy working there was a pig!
No free plate of Zeppoles anymore...
Delicious! I got the chicken with garlic and lemon and it was outstanding. One of the best meals I've had so far in 5 days in nyc.
Why can't they be smart enough to play Italian music in the garden??? It could be quiet so as not to bother the neighbors. It wud make people drink more and feel like being in Italy
Try the gnocchi with fresh moz, it's delicious!
If you don't like this place, you don't like food. Get the Rigatoni alla Nonna!
Everything is fantastic. I had the Risotto with sea food
Free plate of zeppole's after every meal.
The pizza here is really terrible, at least for italian standards... The tiramisu is good (also if doesn't really look like an italian tiramisu). They also charged a 20% gratuity without asking
Definitely have the Grilled Portobello antipasti.  Delicious!
Tomato and buffalo cheese is outstanding
favorite restaurant in little italy
The chicken tortilla soup is delicious and super cheap at $5. Make sure they give you a tortilla for dipping!
Check out the view from the bench
The fish taco ($2.75) "is simple food at its best: mild, white fish lightly seasoned & fried, then topped with fresh chunks of tomato, onion & green pepper and served on freshly made corn tortillas."
Shrimp or fish tacos are the way to go.  Bean and avocado need a LOT of sauce (if you need to get a veggie taco).
The chicken enchiladas verde is the bomb!! The guy makes it with a creamy green sauce .. Sooooo yummmy!
Tortillas made from corn kernels (not pre-bought) accentuate very fresh ingredients. Try a taco or three and take home a bag of tortillas for $3/pound!
The fish taco was skate (fried) tasty, Carnitas were rubbery and undercooked, the 'barbacoa' was gamey ( if it was lamb, someone left the glands in while cooking). 11$ 3 tacos, 2 edible/decent & 1 not
Try the Cafe Latte Cup - Photo by Aunt_Teena (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Autumn Mini Cakes - Photo by Susan (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mini Cakes - Photo taken from NYC Tastes blogspot (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ebony & Ivory Cake - Black Hound New York cakes are good for all occasions, and what could be a better excuse for cake than YOUR birthday!photo by @girabambola (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sugar Spiced Pecans - Our crunchy pecans baked in a sugar and spice meringue are highly addictive!  More addictive than Pringles! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Halloween Busy Bee - Special Halloween decoration on our classic Busy Bee Cake!Photo taken by @Plaztikmag (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Customer's Cakes - Picture taken by @CassyS (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lotsaberry Tart - Photo taken by HungryK9 (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Savories - Sometimes you aren't having a sweet craving and these "sinfully good," (as Gourmet puts it) will hit the spot when a sweet fix can't reach.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the checker cake - @BGoldNYC sent us thanks for and a picture of his Black Hound New York Checkerboard Birthday cake! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mud Ball - Chocolate cake, chocolate buttercream and roasted chocolate cake crumbs (via @Foodspotting)
Mini Bee Cake is my fav! Free samples!
Try the ManyCakes - photo by Luis Ugaz (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Apple Pie - The simple fact that they stopped long enough to take this picture is very impressive. photo by NYCtastes (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cakes - Lemon Blossom, Symphony Cup, Triple Chocolate Moussephoto by CitiTour.com (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cake - photo by Roboppy on Flickr (via @Foodspotting)
Try the flourless chocolate cake - "Enjoying this deliciously rich flour less chocolate cake" photo by @cravetreatsny  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bittersweet Truffles - Delicious, melt-in-your-mouth truffles good for a gathering with friend or alone to relax.  They will make your day when it didn't even need help. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cakes - "Pressing my nose (iPhone lens) against the storefront wishing for a Black Hound Cake, while all of NYC rushes by behind me" (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lemon Blossom Cake - We want to thank one of our customers for sharing this great picture of her cut Lemon Blossom Cake.  It's a beautiful picture. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mini Cakes - 3 delicious cakes in smaller form so you don't have to choose one verse another!(back to front) Strawberries and Cream, Mr Cake, Red White and Blueberry (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mini Cakes - We received this picture with the note "I didn't want to share"  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hazelnut Brittle - Our crunchy, buttery toffee with roasted whole hazelnuts will melt in your mouth!Packaged in a wood box tied with golden grosgrain ribbon.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bakery Window - So many choices!  Don't even know where to begin! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Blueberry Pie - Delicious Blueberry Pie is back!  A girl visiting the store wanted us to share her excitement.  How you love it! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mini Cakes - Lemon Blossom Cake, Key Lime Cake, Coconut Cake, three delicious cakes just in time for summer fun! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cake - SNEAK PEAK: A great NEW addition for any celebration! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Walnut Banana Cake - Introducing our new DELICIOUS cake!  Walnut Banana Cake.  Just as delicious as it looks! (via @Foodspotting)
Vanilla cakes are the best.
a good place to get rich birthday cakes. not for the faint at heart!
Garlic goat cheese sandwich is amazing
Portabello sliders
Fresh ingredients, great taste, good prices. Get the ribeye with spicy mayo sauce and jalapenos if you can handle them...great.
The La Mancha Nosh: to die for. Looking for something healthier? The Mediterranean Nosh is great too.
Napoletana is like pizza in Mac and cheese form. In the best way possible
So addictive. Get all of them. Seriously.
I love the 4 cheese so much I rarely branch out but haven't had anything that's not good here. Also, treat yourself to a chocolate chip cookie - so good!
Try the 4 Cheese Mac & Cheese!! - I'm in heaven...i added roasted garlic and kalamata olives oh my god i think i have a new addiction (via @Foodspotting)
The food is inexpensive and delicious! The Napoletana and the Garden Lite are my favourites. But trying to find a place to sit down & eat is truly a pain in the ass. So try to order ToGo when you can.
Mediterranean is the best!
Try the Build Your Own - #vegan with shiitake mushrooms, fresh basil, spinach and garlic (via @Foodspotting)
The masala is THE BEST!!
The girls that work the register at the take out counter are some of the worst behaved people on earth.
This place is money! The food is awesome. Prepare to wait a while if ordering for take out. Took me almost 20-25 minutes to get my small plate. You're better off calling in advance.
love the cajun
Try the Masala Mac And Cheese - #Awesome #Indian and #vegetarian #mac and #cheese with #cilantro, #cumin and other #Indian #spices. (via @Foodspotting)
S'Mac is the standard by which I compare all Mac & cheese dishes served.  No on comes close.
It's never crowded- go there for a quick meal cause the service is faaaaast! ... Not.
Try the Major Nosh Macaroni With Roasted Garlic Shitake And Broccoli  - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Technically there are other choices besides Buffalo Chicken, but they would be incorrect choices.
Seating can be scarce, always worth the wait.
Get the masala! It's not too heavy, is very tasty, and well worth the special mac and cheese experience! And go with the small! Anything bigger is TOO much rich food!
The Mediterranean mac n cheese was delis!
Try their sampler!
S'good.  Reasonable prices, yummy food, and quick service.  What more could you ask for?
Ask for their gluten-free mac & cheese!
Got the vegan option cause I'm lactose intolerant, not really impressed. Everything tastes like the coconut milk base. You should probably just get the normal option and eat it was lactaid pills.
Try the All American - OMG. A restaurant that serves only Mac and cheese.  (via @Foodspotting)
When I first came here, I had the Parisienne. It was awful, but the staff was accommodating enough to make me a completely new dish. I loved it, but was stuffed. Gave the leftovers to a homeless guy.
la mancha is delicious! if you're planning to eat there and it's your first time, get the sampler
Pair up your Buffalo Chicken with a nice cold bottle of Stella Artois! Nosh is cheap, but treat your self to a major munch!
Try the Alpine Mac N Cheese - Slab bacon! (via @Foodspotting)
There's NOTHING better than getting a s'mac's buffalo chicken (our favorite!) mac & cheese delivered straight to your door. http://www.delivery.com/menu/SMAC
Try the Peanut Dumplings  (via @Foodspotting)
The Pho sucks and the server is SO MEAN. The meat sucks and there aren't enough leaves or additions for your soup. Don't ask for more of anything!
Their Sesame Bean Curd is the BEST EVER!!! And the spring rolls are made with mushrooms. I don't think I'll be able to eat anywhere else... ever.
Don't eat inside.  It smells like cat pee.  But the food is great, so take it out or eat in their new outdoor seating area.
Go easy on the hot chili paste, e.g. don't do this to your soup.
The food is good,  but the restaurant  stinks like cat piss inside.  Take out or outside seating is all I can stand anymore.
Agreed service is shoddy, they're Chinese what do you expect? Plenty of seats and they leave you alone if thats what youre looking for.
love this place
Vegans beware, I got the tofu sandwich, came with a side of chicken bone, no joke.
This place may look run down and cheap (which it is), but the chicken dumplings are the crème de la crème.
Try the General Tso's Dumplings - The Tso's sauce was perfectly sweet and spicy. (via @Foodspotting)
The crispiest tofu I have ever tasted! So good and spicy!
Don't bother with this place, Vanessa Dumplings on 14th is far superior and cheaper. Plus they have crazy good sesame bun sandwiches.
Steamed vegetable  dumplings were bland and empty. The woman taking orders was extremely rude.
Best dumplings I ever had in NYC.
Rude people, fast-food ambience, mediocre dumplings.  Pales in comparison to Dumpling Man just a few blocks away. Advice: keep walking.
Order a bunch of dumplings, and then patiently wait as your food arrives at your table one dish at a time.
Go simple. The chicken dumplings are awesome.
Veggie dumpling soup does not have vegetarian broth.
Do the curry dumpling soup.  Do not do the rice dishes ... Most are pretty salty.
dont order over the phone for delivery. order online. the people are super rude and the phone and ALWAYS get something wrong. but when you do order get the pork dumpling soup.
The food here is disgusting.
Super nice staff. Dumplings are good, not the best but inexpensive ... an awesome neighborhood spot.
Great dumplings and such a lovely staff. Can't help but come here at least once a week! Have to try for yourself...
Cheap and if you're nice they'll allow BYOB
the mixed dumpling plate was what i'd call "first date quality." TEN BUCKS. FOOL. get the peanut dumplings for after. nicest staff ever.
dumplings are good, with a thicker wrapper than dumpling man if you like that.  viet summer rolls are bad, with only lettuce inside instead of the mint, cilantro, etc. spring rolls are decent though.
Hard to find pho around here. Not the best pho on the world but gets the job done.
Recently expanded, now has a Vietnamese menu. Pho!
Agree that this place isn't up to par. Dumpling Man and Vanessa's are wy better!
Pick up (or refill) your growler here for cheap! Great selection of craft beers in the back too or watch them slow pour your Stumptown coffee in the front.
Ice coffee all year round.
Great selection of teas and the most delicious chai I've ever tasted!
Great quiet shop with Stumptown, jugs of cold brew for sale, and delicious stroopwafels.
The stumptown cold brew coffee takes 1 drop per second to create, has a beautiful floral citrus finish. Must try!
Pints and ice cream sammies in the back!
Cheap growlers, Stumptown coffee for $2.50, artisanal everything. Kind of an amazing little gem in nolita/Chinatown
For only $2.50, you get a delicious Stumptown cold brew. But for only $1 more, try the slow drip cold brew for a smooth, chocolate flavor. Still skeptical? Ask for a sample
Hidden between the typical Chinatown shops is this gem, serving Stumptown coffee, including a fantastic cold brew
Cold-brewed Stumptown’s espresso-based Hairbender blend for 12 hr before pouring it into 32/64oz growlers; the complex concentrate is strong enough to account for ice melt; no need to add water.
Nolita Mart & Espresso Bar is an ethical & sustainable cafe participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
A hummingbird appears to have landed in my coffee. :)
Go to the Chinese Bakery across the street for coffee it only costs 80cents
Order a latte here. The milk they use is incredible and you really taste a difference.
Say Hi to James and Selina, two of the nicest people around. Oh and a shout out to Vanessa - MVB (most valuable barista!)
Stumptown coffee, and freshly baked chocolate chip cookies that are always on the crispy side
Enjoy 15% off your order to celebrate the New Era Pinstripe Bowl (12.26 - 12.30)
awesome espresso
Wonderful coffee shop and market in between chinatown and nolita. A hidden gem amongst all the chinatown places.
Asian barista is a hottie & he makes a slammin' coffee
Cute Asian barista
There are over 50 varieties of bottled beer available at this little coffee shop and gourmet market. And, they have three beer taps to fill your growler (or, you can even fill it with iced coffee).
Cold brew Stumptown iced coffee done the right way.
Local + specialty beers on tap for growler action
Have an espresso while you peruse the aisles.
Get your Stumptown fix here!
That Guy loves wiping his ass with the cheap shit!
They have a really good, cheap super-pack of Korean(?) toilet paper here that lasts seemingly forever.
really hungry? get the hero sandwich and a can of soda for $5.
Worst place to go if you're in a rush and want a wrap. Go somewhere else. Thy made me wait 15mns while other ppl got their food.
Get the lengua tostada or tripa tostada. California-quality.
Try the lengua taco and the taco arabe. They will change your life.
$8 lunch special is an incredible deal. Also the iced green tea is amazing and authentic
Good Food. Empire roll was amazing. Waitress had a nasty attitude and bf found hair is his dynamite roll. Waitress claims it was his..his hair is short and black and the hair was brown and long. SMH!
Zebra & dinamite roll r so good !!!!
You know you're here a lot when the waitress just brings your usual drink order and edamame when you walk in! Great service! Zebra and Black Dragon rolls are my personal favs. Lunch special sashimi!!!
Love the Maki Combo A!!!
Spicy crunchy shrimp roll is to die for. Phenomenal
Excellent and priced right. Get the "no-rice" roll with avocado and spicy tuna.
The Wasabi Shumai is great here.
Get the mushroom soup please.
Spicy crunchy shrimp roll is the shiznit!
Uni (sea urchin) sashimi is amazing
Try the salmon teriaky & spicy mushroom soup.
Best sushi in the world - location isn't NYC's ambient. But everything is else is  soooo yummi and delicuous
Chloe is the most friendly cashier person I've ever met in NYC. good job Chloe!
S3 tuna salad with carrots, cucumber, alfalfa sprouts, and Dijon mustard??? Pretty tasty. Their iced hazelnut coffee was amazing also.. Cute lil spot here in the Village area.. Will come back soon :)
Apparently everyone brings their lunch from Citarella...I'm the only one eating a sandwich from here.
Chickavo is my homeboy.
Great breakfast menu for meat lovers
Get the S1 so good
Cappuccino wasn't good. Sandwiches are usually the food of choice here.
Steven van zandt just walked in. Cool.
You can order a salad or sandwich exactly the way you want it--you don't have to follow the menu!
Fast and fresh.
Scrambled eggs and sausage while waiting for laundry to dry.
Great food. I recommend the number 10 hero. Great service too
Follow Lenny's NYC on twitter for free give a ways...at random times on 3 random days a week!
Tonight is the night to live boldly. Go on, call BULLDOG at the bar.
mmmhhh these cocktails!
Order the Crunchy!!  It's one of our favs!
Try triple toro!
bad food bad service.  i mean is sushi supposed to be warm?  maybe it's just me...
Happy hour 4-7 $3 Beer,$5 Wine and $6 Cocktail :))
Try their crunchy thia chicken its really good and their take out service is an A+
Added a dollar here dollar there to the bill ... Don't play me I'll call u out !!! I am not a tourist !!!!!!
Green tea margarita is great! So is the tuna in black pepper sauce appetizer.
Don't get the Pad Thai. It tastes like spaghetti.
Green curry with vegetables!! Yum! Best green curry ever.
Pineapple fried rice is delicious!
Check yelp for pics of the tasty food.
Beautiful ambiance and speedy service. Their sushi is delicious! The salmon melts in your mouth. Mmm..I didn't get an alcoholic beverage, but their menu is vast and has a nice selection of cocktails.
6-7, $3 Belvedere cocktails, $6 Belvedere martinis. AWESOME fried calamari!
Really cool bartender!
It smells like insense
Double Whopper in the heart of NYC ! yeaaaaaah
awesome place, free wifi, right in the heart of NYC - and they have PCs to rent if you don't have a computer
Juice truck
Meatballs (polpette al sugo) are amazing. I wanted to lick the plate!
As someone who grew up eating Mediterranean food, I find the food too oily. The hummus is not bad, and the spicy sauce (I tried the green one) is not that spicy.
Make it a combo for a cheap, delicious and filling meal and be sure to top your pita with the chimchurri sauce!
Go for the "laffa"sandwich  instead of the pita if you're hungry. It's like a middle-eastern burrito.
Lamb and Beef Gyro ($6.95)
Rice is good, spanish eggplant stuff is weird (bad-weird), falafel is dry, hummus is AMAZING. tabouleh is delish.
Whole Wheat Felafel Pita w/Israeli Salad, Humus, Lettuce, Hot Peppers and Tzadziki rocks
Spinach quiche, grapes leaves and cucumber salad--a great combo!
Fantastic Shawarma. Tony Stark would approve.
Have a Turkish Efes beer. It is $5.
"$4.95 for a falafel sandwich, choice of humus, one "Fill It” topping – more complex salads, rice, tabuleh etc., one sauce, and unlimited “Top It’s” – your typical lettuce, tomato, pickle fair.
Everything here is delicious. Just like chipotle and subways, have an idea of what you want to order first - don't slow down the line behind you!
This spot is amazing! Cheaper than Chipotle and way more options.
Feta is free!
Don't be a noob. Know what you're going to order before getting in line.
This place is amazing not just the food but the people couldn't be any nicer. Get the falafel w the works and you won't be disappointed.
Awsome! And affordable :)
The whole wheat pitas are kind of stale... Food is tasty but overpriced.
Very good falafel & shawarma. Do it. Get it in a laffa.
Food so good and people so stupid
Nice grape leaves! Little attitude correction needed for the staff.
This is the Mediterranean equivalent of Chipotle. And it's just as good, too.
Literally amazing, I eat here once a day, everything is fresh and good
Delicious falafel!
So good.... I was randomly walking and stumbled upon it. Must try....hint: try the spicy sause :)
Try the grilled chicken with hummus, veggies, and sour cream!
Everything is fresh here. Must try the falafels with hummus and tahini sauce!
Wow. Beats street meat hands down!
Go here. You will like it.
This hummus and falafel is uh-mazing.
Food here is great and the hot muscle daddy behind the counter is hot!
Try the nutella and enjoy a good italian coffee
This place has everything. It's quickly replacing my need to go to the big stores (with long lines) like Food Emporium, MET, or Whole Foods.
Really cheap LÄRABARs and Chobani, most flavors I've found also.
surprisingly good prices on groceries, especially yogurts (5/$5). also a nice selection of "clean" cosmetics if you don't feel like braving the crowd at whole foods.
Pretty reasonable prices--cheaper Greek yogurt than most small bodegas!
Come on in. I'm the mayor!!
BAO fresh kombucha is proudly sold here!
Good prepared foods bar. Not a lot of meat though, usually just chicken.  If you're a health nut, you would love it here.
Under new management. Looks & smells way better.
Smells funky.
only a buck for a small coffee and they steam the milk
While the food is great, what warmed me today was watching the owners offer a free sandwich to a homeless man who walked in w a crooked back and a hope and left w the largest smile and a thank you
The Mixed (Dark & White) Turkey Sandwich cannot be beat in NYC. Hands Down.
Smoked turkey, green apple and cheddar is incredible. Bread here is so fresh it'll make yo head spin.
seriously the best roast turkey sandwich in nyc
Chicken salad sandwich!
Just found this place walking by. Best f'ing roast beef sandwich I've ever had. Ingredients were so fresh.
Fresh-pressed Juice prices very reasonable. Carrot Orange Beet for me!
Out of selfishness I have never left this tip....it's time to share this goodness with the world: Dark meat turkey (trust me) lettuce tomato roasted red pepper herbal mayo & hot sauce on 7 grain bread
Phenominal el cubano!
Mama's breaded chicken sandwich is amazing! So is the mango lemonade...definitely my favorite sandwich shop.
$5 gets you $10 worth of gourmet sandwiches, fresh salads, hot and cold beverages, and more! We highly recommend Rudy’s Special (roasted turkey with melted cheese and roasted peppers). Our deal ->
Cubano americano is awesome
the sauteed steak sandwich with green mayo here is heavenly. the best i have had in the city!
The best grilled chicken sandwiches on the city.  Always fresh and juicy!!!
Try the ham and cheese omlette on french bread. Come early in the morning, the bread arrives fresh from a bakery!
You're workin the BBQ & you've cooked the steak to perfection ~ the slicing commences & immediately you spot it ~ that perfect sliver ~ a cut above the rest ~ crispy yet tender.  Do you give it to you
get the cuban sandwich.
Relax and sip your favorite bevvie
Unless you're a crumb wizard, bring a placemat or make one out of napkins when you stay to eat because the crumbs from the crunchy roll WILL end up everywhere. Like sparks flying!
$4.5 for #1... better than your $5 foot long
Love the House Special and the Pâté Special
Delicious! I got the pâté and was pleasantly surprised. Add a little sriracha for that extra kick. Guy behind the counter is super nice and accommodating.
For vegetarians: #11 spicy
I've been coming here for years and the food is consistently fresh and the old man who takes the orders is super, super nice. Can't really beat $4.50 for a giant bahn mi (easily two meals).
Double meat. Do it.
One of the rare quality banh mis you can find for under $5. Next to the dumplings nearby, the best cheap eats in the area.
Don't overlook the interesting beverage selection. Go for the basil seed juice.
You can get extra meat for a buck more.
strong iced coffee 4.5/5
Get the freshly pressed sugar cane juice. The species of sugar cane is lightly sweet and refreshing.
Seriously, the number 11 is the one.
Voted the best Vietnamese sandwich place in the Manhattan. Ban Mi!
I love their sandwiches but their vietnamese coffee hot or cold always completes the meal too.
This is our pick for the best Banh Mi in the city.  Quick, fast, cheap, tasty and made to order!  Our favorite is the #1 house special – make it spicy!
Young coconut water is the best!
try the #3
Thee SEST Banh Mi (Vietnamese Sandwich) in NEW YORK! Period! Freshest, tastiest, and Best Price at just $4.50 a Pop, which make this one of new York's Best Cheap Eat Deals. Get the Barbecued Pork or ?
The BEST Vietnamese sandwich in ALL of Chinatown!!
Coffeeeeeeee
Grilled pork classic is the best, ever
#1 w jalapenos. Every time. The curry chicken is also super tasty.
Get the #3 (minced pork) extra spicy and a glass of sugarcane juice.
Fast. Cheap. Way tasty. Great spot!
Love the spicy chicken sandwich #2
All about the number 3
Get the #10, House Special Vegetarian. (Tofu, Mushroom, Carrot & Sweet Radish) Ask for it extra spicy. You can't go wrong!
Get the BBQ pork.
$4.50 for #1? It's an end of an era, but still worth it!
Make sure you get the jamón Serrano, or the jamón ibérico if you wanna splurge.
Be sure and take the slut you are using to cheat on your wife.  Say hi to Katherine H.
Perfect place for a early evening glass of wine. Any later and it's bustling with overflow from Casa Mono.
Be prepared to SHOUT! place is ridiculously loud
Adorable little wine bar – if you can find a seat it’s worth spending an evening here.
Packed after work, but fine standing at the bar -- great service and plenty of coat/bag hooks beneath the counter.
Since Bar Jamón is more relaxed than Casa Mono, it’s (marginally) easier to squeeze in. We like to come for a low-key nibble and drinks with a date or a couple of friends.
Fantastico!!!!
Help support Chef Mario Batali’s charity Mario Batali Foundation through FOOD & WINE’s “Chefs Make Change” program!  Click to donate www.foodandwine.com/donate
Duck into this gramercy gem. They have an excellent wine list and the guys behind the bar are sweet and knowledgeable.
get a glass of Riveiro and some jamón.
Love the Gessami gramona penedes white wine
Get a glass of Cava!
like Casa Mono's Foie, the Bar Jamon Foie is amazing. Don't hold back, get 2!
Bar Jamon, a tiny Spanish wine bar serving small plates in New York, NY, is the brainchild of chef Andy Nusser and Mario Batali. Find more tips at FN Local.
Great Tapas, I mean succulent and tasty! The wine list is full of interesting varietals. O, and its next door to Mario's restaurant Casa Mono, get two for one ;)
Get the pan con tomate, the calamari and the Pazo de Señorans, 2010 Rias Baixas. Albarino - soo good!
Really sweet little spanish wine bar. Wine menu has a lot. The tapas menu on the wall sounded good. I'd go back for it.
Get that window seat and never leave.
Get the jamon serrano. Beautiful.
Good wine: Tinta de Toro. Great food: pickled sardines are amazing.
Nice joint near Union Sq for vino & grub, mostly from Spain. It's puny and can get way crowded, but has great atmosphere & if you're a pair, the two window stools are the best to hang out at.
Bar Jamon, a tiny Spanish wine bar serving small plates is the brainchild of chef Andy Nusser and Mario Batali.
Best place in the city.
One of our more off beat choices, but the Churros Y Chocolate can’t be beat.
Great place for a nice glass of wine and a few tapas. -Carmen Gonzalez, Top Chef
Excellent wine and tapas. But avoid if you want conversation.  The decibel and reverb level is ludicrous.  A slight auditory design change might fix the problem.
This small wine bar can get crowded, but it's a friendly crowd so don't worry. The wine comes in quartinos, so you can share and try more varieties.
For a quality red, select from the Manchuela DO, based on the bobal grape variety.  These full-bodied wines exhibit flavors of wild berry and chocolate, w/ high acidity. Try something new!
Ask the bar guys what is new. They probably know the wine better than you do
Don't show up early unless it's early enough to get a drink somewhere else otherwise they ask you to wait outside in the sub freezing weather.
Bone Barrow... Pork Belly.... Muscles.... Octapus.... and Lamb... all delicious!
Come before 6pm if you want to attempt walk-in dining. Bar seats are the best because you get to watch the chefs prepare the delicious dishes!
Try the Raw Shrimp (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Calamari With Squid Black Ink (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Razer Clams (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent razor clams and yellow fin tuna.
Oxtail Stuffed Piquillo Peppers
Michelin 2012 ★
Try the Oxtail Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Scallops (via @Foodspotting)
You can't make a bad choice on this menu. The blackened beats, soft shell crab, and pork belly were highlights. Be sure to ask for the sommelier for help with the extensive wine menu - he's great.
Try the iberico ham, pumpkin croquetas and the razor clams. Grab a seat facing the kitchen and look in on the action.
Sit at the bar and watch the plates come out before you order!  Order the charcuterie plate first.
Good food, clueless and rude servers. So bad I left no tip! (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
you can't go wrong with anything on this menu.
Go mid afternoon when it's quieter. I dream of the Fideos with Chorizo and Clams.
Try the bread pudding with hot chats ice cream!
We love sitting stool top and seeing the magic happen in the open kitchen. (That said, the food is so good it can be hard to take our eyes off our plates long enough to watch.)
Ask to sit at the bar so you can see the chefs work their magic.
Interesting choices of food, wines & ambiance.
Try a Spanish wine!
Help support Chef Mario Batali’s charity Mario Batali Foundation through FOOD & WINE’s “Chefs Make Change” program!  Click to donate www.foodandwine.com/donate
One Michelin star.
Go for the smaller dishes and share everything. Razor clams a must!
Duck egg, a must! Also try the pork belly. Mmm
The Orange Infused bread pudding is a blend of sweet and tart yummy goodness:)
Old favorite, best Spanish in North America!!
Checking into this restaurant will count towards the Mario Batali Badge.
Excellent Spanish tapas dishes - razor clams, crispy pork belly, and pumpkin and goat cheese croquestas.
If the upper cabinet ever runs out of t.p., the first aid kit's got a ton of spare bandages.
$2 Red Bull!
The limited ed. salmon (made for restaurant week) is incredible. Tasty guac too.
Sunday brunch - unlimited mimosa's $19.95.  Boom.
Chile relleno de papa con chorizo y frijoles negros.. Delicioso!!!
The gauc and salsas are terrific. The filet mignon skewers are amazing - ask for them without bacon if you're not a fan.
Great unlimited mimosa brunch for $19. The food is great and a fun buzz on Sundays
I highly recommend the Chilaquiles. Very tasty & a good portion of food.
Gotta try the Mole Poblano
Order guacamole and 2 salsas. First dip in the the guacamole, then on the same chip dip the habanero salsa. This is the traditional way in Mexico and delicious.
Los chilaquiles están buenísimos! The chilaquiles are amazing!
Great happy hour. Must sit at bar or front tables. $6 ritas that are really good.
The fish tacos were great. Even the appetizer size is quite filling. The cocktails aren't to shabby either.
Amazing lunch!! Tasty and just filling enough!
Best poblano mole burrito I have ever had. Spicy guacamole and salsa also a home run.
Monterrey chef! Has granielote on the menú.
Oh my god the duck with mole. Done and DONE.
Crema Restaurante111 West 17th St. (btwn. 6th Ave. & 7th Ave.), New York, NY 10011Mexican Restaurant, Bar
Good margaritas. Have yet to eat there. Rumor is the food is a-ok.
So Cal boy living in NYC. To say it's been hard 2 find good Mexican food would be an understatement. Was hesitant to try Crema, but pleasantly surprised. AWESOME Chicken Chilaquiles w lots of chicken!
The chilaquiles will change your life.
The cinnamon ice cream is to die for!
Celebrity Spotting!!!
Duck breast & flautas were deelish
Get the scallops
Try the flauta trilogia
Feelin’ hot hot hot: November 14th celebrates National Guacamole Day http://exm.nr/tRSkvM
The menu says 1 hour of unlimited mimosas, but they don't say anything when hour 2 rolls around! Good to go on the early side of brunch to take advantage of it.
Watching alcohol calories? Get the "La Flaca". Only 120!
Ceviche de Pulpo! Yay octopus. Do it.
The watermelon margaritas are fabulous!
Ask for the Cafe de Hoya!  It's magical...
Try the Tartufo (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Calamari - Exceptional food and staff (via @Foodspotting)
Try the chicken parm - it's not on the menu, but it just might change your life.
Great lunch spot for a quiet meeting; amazing pasta - fantastic service and not that crowded during the day. The pasta with corn and bacon iS my go to
great Italian (although pricey) in an area with little else. veal piccata was superb.
Filet migon is amazing!!
Amazing bartender
Ask and you shall receive. They do bend over backwards for you :)
Come with a thick skin.
Any pasta here is HOMEMADE< FRESH AND WONDERFUL!!!
excellent italian food
Lasagna is exceptional!
Best Italian restaurant in Manhattan.  Amazing service and food.  Steak Florentine was awesome.
Excellent bartender!
Love the Italian bartender. Gave us samples of wine before we ordered
Excellant service and insane good food
Matt F and I had the best Veal Milanese at Da Umberto.  Very old school but very consistent, and you can have a conversation.
Roast Chicken, Lettuce, Tomato on brioche.
Get the Kiwi Herman or Honey Berry smoothie. Both are equally delicious!
Chocolate chip cookies are packed with melt in your mouth chocolate.
The hummus wrap is outta this world!!
artichoke heart sandwich
Panini are very good here as well as Arnold Palmers that aren't too sweet.
Mango madness smoothie
Red velvet juice
Josephine Hero ($5)
Good sandwiches, cheap price.
Unreal Pancakes, though not available today :(
YUMMY and The price is right!
good food..at cheap price
turkey club on wheat with swiss
egg salad on whole wheat
I had to send the chicken tandoori back twice because it wasn't cooked all the way through and it didn't have a very good flavor at all. Wouldn't recommend this place.
I had to send the chicken tandoori back twice because it wasn't cooked all the way through and it didn't have a very good flavor at all. Wouldn't recommend this place.
Goat is a little chewy. If you don't order dessert upfront they just bring you the check. Oh well. Their loss. The Nan bread is good. The rice is excellent.
Get the fixed price dinner special. Appetizer, naan, and entree. Soooo good! My favorite is the Chicken Tikka Masala and Samosas.
Filet is just amazing!
After shellfish, share a Caesar with a side of bacon. Then, get steaks of your choosing.
cajun rubbed steak for lunch is a great deal!
Steak and creamed spinach and bacon. That's all you need,
Вольфганг Пак гений! Все что не делает то золото!
Monster steak for 3.  You deserve it!
Food: 3/5  Service: 1/5
Great Bone in Ribeye.
Awesome food. Porterhouse Steak is insanely good.
Their steak for two with German potatoes and beef tomatoes is absolutely amazing! Love it!
Love having steak here. Great porterhouse and great sides. Get the bacon app. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Amazing food but the waiter tried to hoodwink us by bringing a different bottle of wine. When we caught him he just shrugged it off. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Rib Eye Steak with sauteed spinach and German Potatoes. As dessert order the cheesecake and you won't long for food the next 2 weeks
A similar vibe to that steakhouse in Brooklyn, but they take credit cards.  Friendly waiters will serve you perfectly cooked steak with traditional potato, tomato, onion and tangy sauce.
Wolfgang salad is a perfect combo of surf & turf on the "healthy" side
Eat at the bar if Ralph's there. He's the man!
Стейк NY sirloin rare 4/5 (жестковато на мой вкус). Но быстро и свободно даже в воскресенье вечером.
Steals are great, beers ice cold and chips at the bar are awesome but the wait staff are rude and arrogant!!!
Steak for 2.
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this elegant steakhouse and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the Porterhouse for two.
the burger on the lunchtime menu is amazing!
T-bone steak with german potatoes and spinach !!
wanna eat like a champion? dozen oysters + lobster cocktail, then Caesar salad + 1 order of crispy Canadian bacon.  Followed by Filet Mignon + creamed spinach + mashed potatoes. End with Key Lime Pie!
I like the filet over the Porterhouse
They have a private dining room that can accommodate larger parties.  Great service.
Go with the Filet or Porterhouse. It's served Peter Luger style pre-cut (not Filet)
Not impressed... Way to expensive for what you get.
They support ocuupy wall street. Won't be coming back here anymore.
Try the Schwarma sandwich. Ask them for extra spicy if you want spicy!
Only great things have come from putting fries in a falafel sandwich. Try this delicious (and suuuper healthy!) combination, I dare you
great hummus and falafel
Don't sleep on their Mallaweh sandwiches. The dough is unique & crazy delicious. I recommend the chicken schnitz one but you can go your own way. Bonus: it's burrito-shaped!
Holy shyt! NYC's best falafel place is BYOB
stick to the sandwiches which are Dlish.   the platters are overpriced and not the way to go for lunch.
Careful - easy to over order and end up with a $20 bag of grub - leave the gun, take the sandwich
I got the "original" sandwich. Hard boiled eggs and veggies. Was skeptical I'd miss chicken or lamb. No way. Im super satisfied. Not too heavy. Outside wrap is thick and fluffy. Yum.
Try the wild Berry lemonade w mint. Really cools you down in the summer!
Jerusalem mixed grill or schwarma and for veggie fans the $5 falafel sand...great fries too
Beware! This place charges *a dollar* for a slice of lemon in your water. Tacky!
HOOMOOS ASLI got a health rating of A with 10 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/28210
"cheap israeli food" - ben beecher
I still have no idea what to do here. Do you order at the front then sit down? Do you tell someone you're sitting down? Been here six times... no clue.
The staff got a bit cuter
Fresh, hot, homemade pita bread and some hoomoos.
We love the flavor of the Falafel Sandwiches at Hoomoos Asli – our go-to lunch spot that gets us through market week.
Can't go wrong with the $5 Falafel sandwiches
Falafel sandwhich with egg, for $6 it's one of my favortie things in the city. Lots of other great stuff on the menu as well.
Current obsession: Flavorful burger in a fluffy pita, cool, fresh tabouli salad and a nicely smokey babbaganosh.  Who knew?
Best Israeli food in a town full of great Israeli food. Shwarma, humus, spicy, yes.
N-Sider foodie fav: Their Pita With Za'atar is amazing, and Chicken Shish Kabob is to die for.
Fries are dope
2 words:  beef cigars
$4 sandwiches! You can't beat it! Office lunch takeout favorite.
Chicken plate
Try the lemonanana
The health sandwich is a great deal. Eggplant, salad, hummus, an egg. So tasty.
Definitely order the mushrooms and onions hoomoos.  You won't be disappointed.
Free turkey burgers
The Brigid's Abbey and Dutch Farmstead are excellent, and good with tomatoes.
The Porchetta-Pizza Sandwich
fried pizza!
Great drunchies. Not so good when sober.
One of the best pizzas ive hadbin my life, hands down...
The crust is very light and airy. Delicioso!
Sooooo good will not be dissPointef.
More pizza: We've already declared our love of fried pizza, but now there's a whole restaurant dedicated to it. Master pizzaiolo Giulio Adriani opens this 12-seat spot today on the Lower East Side.
Free personal pizza from 6-9pm tonight only! Delicious!
All the pizzas will be fried;Menu will have 4 fried pies including the classic montanara: sauce, cheese, basil, and parmesan, and pizzas topped with pepperoni, mushrooms, and just sauce and garlic.
Sat at the bar with a few friends and we ordered drinks and shared several plates.  Everything was delicious!  The bartender and staff were so friendly and attentive.  Will definitely be back!
The razor clam dip appetizer and grilled and braised beef short rib entree are delicious must try dishes at this new restaurant
New. The menu includes things like braised short ribs, crispy sweetbreads with waffles, and a pork chop with bacon-chestnut bread pudding. Drink - cocktails as well as a wide selection of craft beer.
They have Dalwhinnie any questions?
The sweetbreads dish is the most genius riff on chicken n' waffles I've ever tasted. Ever.
Sit at the bar and talk to the owners. Like most amazing places, that's how you'll have the best experience.
the lamb sandwich is one of the best things i've ever tasted. Absolute perfection and only $10.
Mushroom empanadas are fantastic!
Definitely try the Cubano sandwich. Utter indulgance.
Cheap good mojotos at happy hour until 7:00 for $4.50
Tasty mojitos with sugar-cane stirrers
get any items on the paladar pre-fix for under $20. huge portions!
have the sopes and the tacos with avocado and mango!
Good coffee for cheap
Try the halal food, it's delicious!
Spicy pork tacos are pretty legit.
They got Horchata.
The torta in this jam is killer. Get one.
Chicken tacos-- spicy. Eggs burrito with cheese and tomato for breakfast or lunch. Quesadilla is delish, but not a fan of their regular burrito
Not that amazing. Original flavor was more sweet than most places with a smack of powdered milk flavor. Fruits were room temp. Fresh though..
Despite the name...this place is not that "amazing." The place was empty and we receive mediocre customer service. It appears they prefer to stand around and chit chat with each other instead.
Frozen yogurt is everywhere.
This location is closed!!
Beef crunch is awesome and is only for a limited time
After 7pm you can get some of the buns 3 for $1.25!
I come here for the shrimp rice rolls. So fresh in the morning. Gotta know what you want and point since the staff doesn't know english.
The pineapple bun, wheat maan tou, and milk tea is to die for.
Get a "dai bao" (big bun) here. It has Chinese sausage, egg and mushroom in it. Best I've found in ctown so far.
their coconut desserts are the best
Try the pineapple bun
Very fresh buns.
Order the sesame balls and order with conviction
Chinese coffee is not meant to be great. They're cheap and brewed badly. As such, this is decent coffee they serve here. However, the ladies are rude and bad at service
The Red Bean Bun is always warm and fresh. Fabulous!
Hands down, the best Chinese bakery in town. The ladies behind the counter are so sweet!
You can't beat the 90 cent fresh croissant, can you?
Worst coffee for blocks and blocks, but the Tina Turner, Celine Dion, Willie Nelson, Buffy shrine is why I keep coming back.
It's now $22.95 pp
All you can eat, beverages included for $20
Their hot and spicy soup just awful! Please do not come!
$20 for all you can eat and drink buffet. No better deal.
BYOB. Corkage fee is $3.
No alcohol served, but you can bring your own.
Check-in for a FREE soda/water with $10 purchase @ Banh Mi Zon
Banh Mi Zon on camera food segment at Daryl Hall  LIVE FROM DARYL'S HOUSEhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=560600393956115&set=a.560599993956155.146044.163382673677891&type=1&theater
Banh Mi Zon on camera food segment at Daryl Hall  LIVE FROM DARYL'S HOUSE https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=560600393956115&set=a.560599993956155.146044.163382673677891&type=1&theater
Each layer of the banh mi ($6.25) is applied in careful balance, and the baguette holding it all together is just crusty enough to crackle.
The food is so fresh and healthy! By far the best authentic Vietnamese sandwich place in the east village!
DO YOU FEEL THE CHILL OF THE EARLY FALL IN NYC COME BY AND ENJOY OURS SANDWICHES BEFORE THE LEAVES TURN YELLOW
No.1 Banh mi zon!
GENRTICBOI http://geneticboi.tumblr.com/post/29492710266
NY DAILYNEWS BEST BANH MI http://articles.nydailynews.com/2012-06-03/news/32011683_1_carrots-and-daikon-vietnamese-ham-cilantro
The Dairy Free Traveler on BANH MI ZON http://dairyfreetraveler.com/2012/07/24/banh-mi-zon-vietnamese-sandwiches-in-nycs-east-village/
THE BUFFALO EATS on BANH MI ZON http://buffaloeats.org/2012/04/25/nyc-eats-part-4-all-asian-all-the-time/
Vietnamese sandwiches should never be this expensive. But most places in NYC just don't compare to Philadelphia. But if you have the money and are willing to spend, banh mi zon here all the way!
NY DAILY NEWS named BANH MI ZON one of the best in NEW YORKhttp://articles.nydailynews.com/2012-06-03/news/32011683_1_carrots-and-daikon-vietnamese-ham-cilantro
WE WILL BE CLOSED FRIDAY 4/20 FOR CATERING THE NYU'S EVENT BY CHINESE STUDENT SOCIETYhttp://www.nyu.edu/clubs/css/
Be weary that they skimp on the pork and meat portions, but the flavors are there. Good ice coffee if you like it strong.
Named the Best Banh Mi in Manhattan
Best Banh Mi in the city. Try the pork. You'll love it. Hey, and ask him to start making his soup again!
The grilled chopped chicken sandwich is great! Must try.
The ingredients taste so darn fresh.
We sold out our sandwiches early today Please come by for Other treats
Super sandwiches for about $7 on the go.  More meals under $10
Try the banh mi Zon or the banh mi nem nuong. Actually, try all of them! NGON QUA! I love this place.
Quality food but way over-hyped. Pricey compared to the other places but it is the E. Village. Better off walking the few blocks to Nicky's if you find yourself in the area.
Best Banh Mi sammiches around. Get the signature sandwich with a side of Viet iced coffee. Perfect lunch!
The Classic ($5.75) is about as good as it gets.
Vegetarian banh mi is worth getting really excited about.  I'm sure the carnivores have it even better.  And as someone else noted the baguette is primo.
Voted Best Sandwich in Manattan (by me!)
The bread they use is sooo good.
Winner of Serious Eats' Best Bahn Mi in 2011: http://bit.ly/epK4gm
Classic bahn mi get it spicy you want a bahn mi from anywhere else(in the city) after!
Financial District – $8 – $14 brunch item with complimentary cocktail
Very nice service! Very polite and nice bar tenders and a great Lilly's burger!
Great place to watch live sports. Good menu and great bartenders.
Some of the most fun bartenders around. Great spot to have a beer and relax.
This place has the worst bar service ever . Any time i have ever been In there the waitress scoff . Omg i have to work ! Please get over your self . Not a real Irish pub
Dreadfully bad service, and the waitress shoved the beer bottle opener down the back of her pants. Don't go here.
Very nice bartenders/waitresses!
Coffee comes with one of their lovely chocolates!
They have Direct TV... Which means if you ask nicely they'll put on the Super Rugby for you!
Good downtown lunch spot
Real Chinese food at it's best. Seriously. The Chow Sam Sze dish is AMAZING. Pork wonton soup was amazing. This is definitely a place where you want to share dishes - they're HUGE!
If you want the Chinese menu (the red one), you'll have to ask for it instead of the American menu (the blue one).
Get the fried & salted squid - delicious & generously portioned!
Try the Pan Fried Flounder - #flounder again for the second time in one week (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cantonese Style Lobster - back again for the #lobster for the second time in one week. it's THAT good.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cantonese Feast (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cantonese Style Flounder - #cantonese #flounder #yummy #delicious (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cantonese Style Lobster - #delicious #lobster #cantonese (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cantonese Style Snail - #cantonese #escargot #snails (via @Foodspotting)
Get the roasted DUCK.   It is AWESOME!!!!!!!!
YUM YUM YUM. Once came here twice in one night. Open so late! Get the salted squid, sweet & pungent chicken, and pork lo mein.
Remember when you saw movies about Chinatown as a kid and wondered what the food was like? This is what you expected and more.
While we'd normally be a bit wary of recommending mussels in Chinatown, Hop Kee's are just too good to pass up. Pair with roast duck! Read more at http://bit.ly/UntappedHopKee.
Try the Liang Pi Cold Noodles (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pan Fried Flounder - With ginger and scallions, the whole fish is a feast. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sambal Kangkong With Beef - Where homesick Indonesian goes. (via @Foodspotting)
Far superior in quality to wo hop
Try the Chinese Cuisine - Good food (via @Foodspotting)
Best food in Chinatown. Get the Lemon chicken.
Hmmm.... very very "Delicious"
The lychee pineapple duck is delicious!
An underground den of masterfully cooked dishes. Try anything with black bean sauce.
Salt and pepper squid is a must!! Just the right amount of spicy salty fried goodness. Been coming here for 28 years. Looks can be deceiving. The food is awesome. Great for large groups
Try the snails! YUMMY!
Follow @djyoshi on twitter... Official DJ of Rutgers Football & The 2011 NY Jets! www.djyoshi.com to download music!
Try the bok choy soup :D
cheap and amazing chinese food. order the green beans in oyster sauce for a good time.
Best dumplings in the whole entire world
40 years of experience are not in vain, best hong kong style food and service ever
Best egg roll of all time. A meal in itself.
Garden looks great. Old French bistro vibe. But alas, service is TERRIBLE. Was sat after walk-ins despite reservation (they were French). Waited 15m for 1st waiter, no silverware, long wait. Avoid!!!
Each location has daily specials on meatballs, lemonades, salads, and more. The chili meatballs, one of their daily specials, is amazingly delicious!
I hear of the legendarily long wait times...but I've gone twice, after 1:30AM, and got seated immediately, BOTH times, with parties of 5-7 people!! But no sliders left...
Try the chamomile lemonade! And put the balls in your mouth.
Try the Peanut Butter Chocolate Ice Cream Cookie - Amazing x10! (via @Foodspotting)
Beef with spicy meat sauce on a bun! veggie meatballs with pesto were good as well. Looking forward to trying out the other meatballs and sauces. Fast service. Only negative is area's super tight.
Spicy Pork Meatballs with Mushroom Sauce.  Get It!!! Thank Me later
If the special ball is the buffalo chicken, get it!
The sangria is off the hook!
Get my favorite: beef meatballs with pesto sauce on top of risotto.
Dont skip the ice cream sandwiches!
need to come back here for those amazing meatball sandwiches. i tried the veggie one, and it was amazing!!! and definitely crowded when i went there, and a friendly bartender.
There's an outlet on the wall next to the closest seat to the wall at the bar.
I just can't stop ordering the spicy pork meatballs with the spicy meat sauce & spaghetti underneath. YUM. Make sure to check out the specials on the chalkboard & be ready to wait if you want a table.
Meatballs, gravy, potatoes and a side of veg. I'm forever glad that I listened to the waiter.
Yummy spicy pork meatballs. Try their specials. Don't get the everything plate, the veggies are sour. Weird combo with meatballs
A website for students. Every can share their experience about education.  Also you will get admission circular, career information, study abroad news etc. http://www.goversity.com/
A website for students. It also a students network. Every can share their experience about education.  Also you will get admission circular, career information, study abroad news etc.
Probably the best meatballs I've ever had, great place
All I have to say is SPICY PORK SLIDERS with Pesto Sauce.  Nuff Said!!!
Risotto, mix-and-match 3 sliders, small glass of beer; perfect lunch.
Chicken meatball with parm cream sauce smash sandwich!
The chicken meatballs are made with basmati rice, rice flour and are gluten free when paired with the Classic Tomato sauce or pesto.
Pork meatballs with spicy sauce on a bed of mashed potatoes: solid comfort food, but nothing special.
Try the Pizza Meatball - The namesake product is fantastic: tasty even without sauce.  You can choose the type of meat & type of sauce for your meal. (via @Foodspotting)
For example?
Order the sounds-weird-but-so-delicious vegetable "meatballs" if you need to fit into your skinnies. And order everything (yes, everything) else if you don't.
Spicy pork meatballs with mushroom gravy, everything but the kitchen sink style is the bomb. Best post-raging drunk food ever.
As cliche as this sounds, I'm a BIG fan of their balls! The special ball will never steer you wrong!
This ice cream sandwich is the perfect end to a meal at The Meatball Shop–not only is the ice cream to die for, but the cookie is also top-notch (and you can mix and match the top and bottom layers)!
Yea you came here for meatballs but do not sleep on the ice cream sammich. And don't try to be fancy, basic choc chip cookie w vanilla is always a crowd pleaser.
Try a Bai!!
The cashier is literally psychic.
Sausage, egg and cheese on a croissant (pepper and ketchup)!
Egg sammich!
Good Coffee, very convienient !
Parked on the sidewalk between 5AM-12PM
Best Salads...Too bad they've closed :'(
Amazing sushi special!  Too bad you only do jury duty every 6 years! :)
Good ramen, but even better sushi and buns. Everything was ridiculously fresh, down to their avocados. Slow, but polite, service.
Spicy pork ramen is delicious - its not too spicy either despite how red the soup is.
Try the Brioche Bread Pudding - With carame ice cream. Good combo. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken Paitan Ramen (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fried Rice - Chorizo, kimchi, pastrami, fried egg. Really good. Generous with the meat. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pork Belly Steamed Buns (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Short Ribs Steamed Buns (via @Foodspotting)
Tonkotsu Hokkaido classic ramen topped with pork belly. Try it.
Short rib buns. Short rib buns. And short rib buns.
Check-in Yelp to get a free beer!
Spicy miso ramen way better than most places. So cute and no wait. Highly recommend adding this to your go-to ramen repertoire
If you are going to go with a bun, go for the short rib.  Delish!
This is some of the best Ramen in NY.
Zutto's rendition of ramen, rich and over-the-top with flavors, isbest enjoyed around lunchtime, when one can fully attend to a pipinghot bowl of tonkotsu.
Classic ramen is *so* good! Wasabi ramen is a bit intense so only go for it if you're serious
Skip the ramen if you are vegetarian or kosher! Other good choices.
Hey!!! They said no free Asahi on Saturday!? Only Monday through Wednesday!!! Boo!
Buns with meats  are excellent
Tip on Tribeca Roll : "Very decent sushi!!!".
Ramen varieties include the Shiromaru Hakata, flavored by the soft fatty jowl and thinly sliced red pickled ginger, and Wasabi Shoyu Ramen, a vegetable- and chicken-based soup with wasabi-infused oil.
My new go to Spicy Ramen spot.  FYI pork buns are delicious!
Zutto Restaurant’s new Japanese-American inspired menu http://exm.nr/y2KwKd
They revamped the interior and menu back in fall 2011  Ramen is delicious but very small and a bit on the pricey side.
The sushi is so fresh here AND you get a free beer when you check in!
Get the sweet potato tater tots!
Charred edamame.
Check in on yelp or Facebook and get a free asahi! Good music playing too..
I have to say: the banana Brioche Bread Pudding is one of the most delicious desserts I have ever eaten.
Ramen is killer
The best cappuccino I have had in New York. I had been searching for a coffee shop that makes something close to a 'flat white' from Aus/NZ, this is by far the best I have found.
Overpriced and underwhelming. Please hold the f$&@! flower in foam and make the damn cap HOT.
Order the off the menu Gibraltar, a yogurt parfait.
Gnocci pesto 
AND they pour HUGE glasses of wine!
Also Walter is spectacular! Top notch place as an unbiased Clevelander!
Holy cow this place is amazing! I ordered linguini red clam sauce (I asked for spicy) and it was absolutely delicious plus the price seems lower. Husband had penne bologanese and he licked the bowl!
The food is spectacular. Nicely priced as well
Chicken parm and gnocchi with vodka sauce is amazing! :)
Great dinner at a great price
Not sure about the other rewiews but I have been coming here for years and it is always amazing
If you love cheesy italian restaurants in little italy as much as i do, this place is great! Manicotti with a side of sausage was average, 2& dollar bottle of chianti, and frank sinatra.
My family has been coming to this restaurant for years. The atmosphere is fun and I love the gnocchi a la vodka.
I really wanted to like this place, but the food was only so-so. Bland and boring.
The bread they serve is to die for... Literally you will choke on it. Either that or you will break a tooth. The service is not so great.  It took 1 hr to get the check. This place should not last.
Do not, I repeat do NOT order off the 8.50 evening special pasta menu! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE food!! The 4 of us had 4 diff dishes and ALL of them were bad!!
The lasagna is delicious!!!
You really can't go wrong here. Amazing pasta dishes!!!
They had a three-pasta special that was delicious: Fettucine Alfreddo, Tortellini Marinara e Rigatoni alla Vodka
Its strictly ok food.
Mozzarella cheese salad and fillet of sole are good!
The best italian food outside Italy... might also beat out some places in Italy, too!
Hands down the best food and service in Little Italy.  Visit this place once and you will know what I'm talking about!
Gnocchi just like out of Italy. Love!
By far the best restaurant in little Italy (a dubious distinction!). Best saltimbocca in the city.  Good pasta, etc (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the bathrooms!
Fried mozzarella will clog your heart but you will die happy--tell Michael at the door Lucky says hello
Do not order the chicken parmasean .... Gross!
have a nice dinner outside
Going to Pellegrinos...fab food in Little Italy, gnocchi is FAB there!
Rigatoni with vodka sauce or meatball are both amazeballs.
Really nice restaurant on Mulberry between Canal & Centre. Chicken Parmesan is good but don't let them fool you. The portion is huge and that's just one. Also got that mob vibe. So behave!
Established 1902, continuously owned & operated. Pan-Italian food that doesn't slack for having a strong among the touristy remains of Little Italy.
I'm hearing more people speaking Italian than English AND the food amazing. Eggplant dish.
Ask for Bruno--best waiter in the house!
The House Merlot was nice
Try the Linguine Nere Arrabiate (black linguine, crab meat, shrimp, tomato sauce). One of the best pastas I've ever had. It's a Thursday night special, but they might make it if you ask (no promises).
Good food. Miserable experience.
Feels like the Mafia control this place 0_0
ALWAYS get the mussels in white wine sauce.  ALWAYS.
GET THE VODKA SAUCE. Do it. It's that good.
Vodka sauce is awesome and the bowl is bigger than your head!
The gnocchi is AMAZING! Yum, yum!
Best Italian food in Little Italy, NYC
On busy nights tip the host. You will get VIP seating.
We got ripped off here the other day. Antipasti for 4 was $70. Poured us water that turned out to be bottled - at $7 a bottle. Jerky thieves.
EXCELLENT service. went on busy sunday night but felt like only 2 in the place. it started to drizzle outside & moved us in no prob, comp drink for the 'trouble' will be going back. lobster ravioli A+
Ask for the Continentale appetizer -- it's not on the menu
Don't get suckered into 'appetizers for the table'.  $66 for antipasto is very underwhelming.
Try the spedini, the meatballs, the penetration vodka... Best Italian in the city.
Ask for Gaspar
Great food!
Food is great, service sucks.
Genuine Italian Food at it's best in Little Italy, New York
Really delicious italian food!
Perfect dim sum on the go! Pork shau Mai & shark fin.
Best coconut buns in Chinatown.
Try the Lobster Ravioli - #lobster #delicious (via @Foodspotting)
Good AYCE hotpot but 23 bucks now!
The spicier... The better. :)
$20 for AYCE hot pot with good quality meats, seafood, and assorted drinks! Have to ask for condiments like garlic, parsley, and such, but all for free.
You can't beat $20 for super spicy AYCE hot pot!
Taiwanese food. Appetizer + rice makes a nice lunch.  Dried bean curd is similar to beef stomach, don't order both; but either goes well with the spicy intestines.
$2-4 sushi rolls, low price and great taste
There are no biscuits!!! :( & The flat bread sucks. Avoid at all costs.
more coffee more awake
note this.. A medium coffee is $1.96 here after tax...BUT if you walk up the street to the Dunkin Donuts on Houston St... that same medium coffee is $2.06
Say hi to Maria. She is the best.
Ask for "the special" or if you're more adventurous "the pot head special" from Mohammed. Prepare for a foodgasm.
Honey turkey with provolone ..lettuce tomato Lil mayo and mustard as a hot sandwich !!!
Great bodega with cheap prices.  Say hi to Mohammed when you visit!
Leave room for dessert, best tres leches!
Way too crowded and not worth it. How do you mess up a burrito??
Great Sunday happy hour 3-7pm
Get the pescado a la veracruzana- it's delicious and they are not afraid of hearty portions
Say hello to Cesar behind the bar!
Try dipping the carne asada torta into a little of the salad dressing... Not traditional but very tasty.
Delicious mojito & fish tacos are amazing.
Really yummy. Portions are huge. An entree good for 3.
Crispy Fish Tacos, split amongst 2 = Love. Also, try the guacamole spicy !!
Fish tacos were the best I've ever had
Forget Dos Caminos two blocks away. This blows it out of the water. It's very fun and friendly and the mole poblano enchiladas are great! They also have a decent margarita menu.
Pair the pineapple-studded tacos al pastor with a Paloma, a mix of tequila, lime and grapefruit soda, at this crowded and low-lit West Village Mexican favorite:
very good.Hello everyone.
Try the Sopes - Great Sopes at Mole Mexican Bar & Grill. The perfect addition to the fish tacos that soon followed! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the fish tacos - Super tasty and American sized portions means you can share! (via @Foodspotting)
The fish tacos are the best in New York City...
Expensive but authentic and it is kindda messed up you get charged for each 3 more tortillas. Draft & margaritas on happy hr daily 4-7
The fish tacos are very good.It's way too expensive for a weekday meal though.
This place needs to be less fancy, so I can lick my plate.
Coconut margarita. I can't. Amazing!
Passion fruit marg .. Aces!
Have the coconut pineapple margarita - blown away. Best margaritas in town!
Two words. Fish. Tacos.
Mixiote!!!!
Everyone raves about the fish tacos, but don't undervalue the nachos
Some of the best Mexican food in the city
new fav nyc mex. scallop tacos and tapatio margaritas FTW. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Amazing Mole and fantastic Riazul Añejo!!!
Happy hour menu from 4-7 everyday is a steal in NYC.
The majority of the time the service sucks.  Yes to the fish tacos - when they remember to fully cook.  They don't deliver and need to learn a thing or two about customer service.
Salads-beware of stale lettuce
The breakfast club with potatoes was delicious :) recommended.
There's always a wait in this quaint and cosy spot. Food was fresh but rather expensive, e.g. $18 for a cold shrimp salad with lettuce on a small plate. Good soy latte though!
Great Eggs and Brioche French Toast.
Get the tuna burger!!
NYC/West Village pricing. Except that, amazing place to have dessert/champagne
seared grapefruit, brunch
Sit in the back and ask for a window seat.
You can do no wrong here. For brunch, killer mimosas and eggs benedict. For lunch and dinner, get the tuna burger.
GET. THE. BRUSSEL. SPROUTS!
Fancy brunching, power breakfasts.
The French toast is my favorite!
A taste of Hamptons beach style in cozy West Village.  The breakfast club sandwich is an absolute must ...and grapefruit brulee is stunning.
i will be getting my mayorship back come september!
Best roasted chicken dinner for any season!
1 star for the duck breast (over-cooked), 2 stars for the salmon (scrumptious), and 3 stars for the ambiance (killer).
Best breakfast sandwich on the planet. Hands down. The little ice cream stand outside during the summer is also great.
Grapefruit Brûlée dreams!!!
Try the filthy martini - it will change your life!
Great place for brunch.
brunch spot! breakfast club sandwich, frisee salad aux lardons, the legendary Cluny burger
Best brunch in the city! Get the BLT breakfast sandwich.
Loved the homemade cavatelli!
The best Tako-Yaki in the West Village!!
Highly recommend the frisee salad au lardons - rich yet light and delicious
Start your day in an environment that makes you feel like your in a small coastal town. Lovely breakfast dishes
Brunch menu is great- the breakfast club sandwich is delicious!
This place is absolutely the cutest ever. Get the apple pie!!
Lame that you get charged $3 for a diet coke and another $3 for a refill
Instant favorite. Super cozy and good service.
I found a baby's thumb in my chicken empanada last time, gross.
I almost always have a beef first and then a ham and cheese. Good combination, $10 with a soda.
Spicy chicken empanada is the best of the 20 or so to choose from.
There is always someone here. We are open from 8:30am to 1am 7 days a week.  Come see what chefmod is about and let us be your purchaser.
Don't be late for work....:)
"You know if you get the bucket, it's cheaper than the gallons". ChefMod tells you when it's true and when it's not...automatically.
We will take your headache away, oh and also save you a bundle. Restaurant Purchasing systems with support day and night 7 days a week.
Great bibimbaps and prepared food.
Try the seafood pancakes..the best ever!
Bibimbap or bulgogi, easy and fast. A bit pricey, but consider it a convenience tax- it's right in Union Sq/Gramercy and is the good Korean place outside of K-town!
An Easy Korean place, but it's WAY too overpriced for what it is
Best place to go if you're craving bibimbap!
If you are in a hurry, have the cooks mix your Bi Bim Bap WITH spicy paste for less mess at your desk.
Absolutely love the bimbimbap. Best place for fast Korean!
Better kimchi stew than momofuku
the rice omelette is incredible. ultimate comfort food! totally worth the price. super nice staff.
Even the off-the-steamtable lunch boxes rock. And they're super nice!!
No kimchi shortage here! Try the bi-bim-bab with tofu and extra kimchi
Bibim bap is their specialty
Rock'n rice rocks. Try with shrimp...
this place also carries imported asian snacks.  grab a mochi cake for desert - yummy rice dough stuffed with sweet red bean curd.  they're located inthe cooler on the far wall
great Korean take-out place! super healthy, no MSG & they have brown rice!
The black sea bass at lunch is superb!
Order the crab toast, yumm!
ABC never disappoints as a quick bite sundown but prefer the brunch :)
Roasted carrot and avacado salad is really good
turkey sandwich - best sandwich in NYC
Well if you are a chicken addict then ask the chef and he will add in the dish. It tastes awesome like everything else in here :)
Arctic char for main and applie pie for dessert. Both sublime.
Everything was lackluster and disappointing, food and service. Would never in a million years come back.
try crab toast, roasted carrot avocado salad and spinach goat cheese pizza!
Back entrance to restaurant -- through store -- has bar. No reservation required.
The suckling pig, lobster, and brussel sprouts were amazing. But seriously... get the salted caramel ice cream. Just. Do. It. Seriously.
chicken liver pate
Get free coupons printable for your favorite Fast Food Restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Try the Chicken Liver Toast - Supreme taste!  (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing food & wonderful ambiance! I even ate sitting next to a celebrity!!!
The food is great but waaay to noisy.
Great Brussels sprouts
Leave room for the salted caramel and popcorn sundae
Hermione Grainger eats here so it must be good! It is! So many veggies, non-GMO foods. It was great!
Fantastic!
Good food and ambiance
At first glance, the menu seems too simple but the flavor is unbelievable. All is incredibly fresh and organic
Try the Pan-Seared Arctic Char  - #Spicy #Arctic #Char with #roasted #cauliflower for #dinner at #ABCKitchen  (via @Foodspotting)
Sunchokes are a must if on the seasonal menu
Eat everything and anything you won't be disappointed.  Favorites are carrot salad and clam pizza
Bomb ass sundae
Prix Fixe Lunch Menu - Tuna Sashimi, Ricotta and Egg Yolk Ravioli with Sautéed Greens and Ragu Sauce and Cookie Plate.
My new favorite place in the city!
Great Organic Food by Jean George...
Crab toast with lemon aioli & salted caramel ice cream sundae!!! Delicious.
Always a friendly smile and superb coffee here
Amazing mocha!!!
Very friendly baristas, but this place gets very busy on the weekends. Drip coffee selection changes daily and is always great!
have decided this is my favorite coffee place in Nolita. nowhere to sit and chat but good stuff nonetheless.
Try the steamed eggnog for an amazingly yummy (and fluffy) holiday delight.
Consistently delicious coffee!
Dough doughnuts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Premium cold brew iced coffee is more than worth it.
Their single cups are great - not exactly a pourover (they use Clever Coffee Drippers) but comes close.
Lemonade!!
Cold brew coffee - yay!
super friendly staff xx
They serve Dough doughnuts, which are amazing (and made in BK)! Coffee is cold brew so you might need a bit more milk if you're a softie.
The coffee here puts everyone else's to shame.  If I could have it on tap at home - I'd be sipping while typing this. Don't forget to grab a sticker!
Check the restroom for Marshall
Awesome coffee.
Awesome coffee.
Yeah... The iced latte rules on a 90 degree day. Go for the premium roast for a sweeter fruitier taste; regular blend for a nutty chocolatey flavor.
One of the best coffee I ever had in my life !!! Cool place, chill ppl, awesome experience !!
Great for a quick espresso or buying a bag of beans (some of the best espresso beans in the city). Make sure you grab a sticker on the way out, they're sweet.
Iced Mocha is Phenomenal!
The place is famous for its coffee, but they have a pretty good English Breakfast tea too!
Consistently one of the greatest places for an espresso drink done right!
Best Cortado I've ever had.
Quick way to happiness: a cup of  La Libertad coffee brewed in a Clever dripper.
worth stopping in for a take out coffee. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
God damn these hipsters can make some good coffee.
Pour-over made with a Clever. Worth the wait.
Some of the best coffee in NYC. My go to on weekends. Try the blueberry muffins w/ crumble on top. Sooo good!
Doughnuts from Dough and Ceci-Cela croissants.
When you are in a coffeehouse and want to shout out how you feel, do it from Cafeppl.com. That's pretty cool. Connect Over Coffee for Life, Love, Work and Play!
Service is friendly but can be so s-l-o-w. But the salads are worth the wait
Best soups that money can buy! Not to mention the friendly service
This location sucks. Employees are slow and not well trained, and sometimes they only have one register open. The location on 17th between 5th and Broadway is like a well oiled machine in comparison.
Every version of their tomato soup is amazing, especially the tomato cheddar and tomato basil!
Their salad options are really comprehensive and  totally underrated. And the employees here - so nice! Love it!
Crab bisque = yum
Try the Rhode Island clam chowder. Very interesting.
popchips make the perfect wingman for your soup!
NYC [Eat] We love the lobster bisque (the hint of pumpkin is key). It's the perfect fall snack. Did we mention they deliver?
WOW their Crab Bisque is insanely delicious... All their soups are incredible!!! Wish I had recipes!
The hot Paninis are dat Nu Nu!
Chicken Florentine on Asiago panini is the yum!
The oatmeal with blueberries is fresh and hot, great deal.
Cookies are baked fresh. So good.
For lunch on weekdays, avoid the immature teen girl crowd from MVA who clog up the line for butter rolls and come around 12:30.
the music at Ashbys is doooope and Wendy is my GIRL!
The cookies are really freaking good
Ample seating
Food is great and inexpensive,  but don't expect to sit down. Very cramped, I like to make my order and then stand outside. I can see through the window when it's ready.
Lentil soup & ciabatta is so yummy
Try Frontega Chicken Panini.
Delicious soup selection - try the chicken stew!
cheapest/most delicious coffee in the city. hands down.
The soups are amazing. Tomato Bisque, spinach and feta, turkey chili. All amazing.
Delicious, cheap salads.
They have the best potato bacon soup. Ever. Ask for a heapful of cheddar cheese on it - they'll hook you up :)
Cheapest Bagel with cream cheese I've found $1.50
Potato with Bacon Soup. Turkey Club with Bacon & Avocado.
Clam chowder smells delicious
A really good cup of coffee! Coffee and a donut for $2.00 - good deal.
Every one is a critic now.
Get the Larry Tate slice. Nom nom nom
Normal pizza.... But cool counter pad!
Get the Bayou Beast!
V is for Vegan
love their vegan pizza <3 ugh.
Not the best location for two boots.  Sicilian is usu better than the plain thin slice.  Try with jalapenos! They shred it on fresh..7th ave or the ave b locations have the best slices.
For pizza with a kick, try the Bayou Beast!
Funky town. The wacky topping combos are worth trying.
Grab a slice (or 2) of the Bayou Beast, topped with shrimp, crawfish, andouille, jalapenos, and mozzarella. Enjoy it at the counter while its still hot.
Call in your order for pasta or po boys. Those usually take 10-15min
Get the garlic bread, it's spicy, and not too buttery. There's enough for 2-3 to share.
Highly recommend  "The Bayou Beast" so so good! A Crunchy crust, topped with a spicy sauce shrimp and crawfish  just sinfully delicious l!!
The "V is for Vegan" is AMAZING!!!
Buena pizza! Muy enrollao el local.
Terrible service!! Grandma slice was good but the other two slices I ate tasted days old and it was 12:30PM on a weekday (lunch rush).
nightripperrrrr!!
Grandma slices for the win!
Eggplant + peppers + broccoli pizza = amazing. Dough has an awesome flavor/consistency. Not super greasy!! Try the crawfish pizza!
good crust, but if your lookin for great pizza keep walking
Overpriced, 3 stars
Best sicilian I have ever had.
The Bayou slice is amazing!
Best crust in NYC. bread alone has tons of flavor. slices are small though.
Was set to get a cheese slice, but passed. Looked like it was from yesterday.
Sicilian was bangin
Go for the Kracken slice! You can't go wrong.
Tony Clifton all the way.
If you're looking for a classic NYC slice, this ain't it. If you're looking for a spicy pizza w/inventive  toppings, you're at the right place.
Pink and a plain!
Great music!
For $10 you can get a personal pizza, pasta or panini with a glass of wine.
Great service. Was .75 cents short and the still let me order. Impressive for this day and age!
New year price fixed meal- same price as a two star Michelin and not as good as a one star. Totally overrated. Regretting my nye meal here
When you enter the lobby of The Public Theater, hang a left and go up the stairs. At the end of the staircase you'll find this hidden Andrew Carmellini restaurant.
Awesome new place in The Public Theater.
Get the veal parm, or the short ribs, or the fish stew, or the blackened Tuna or.... Everything is cooked to perfection!
Lunch here is gorgeous- sit towards the back with the sun roof. Complimentary bread and olives are delightful, and unlimited pasta trio irresistible.
I went here with my buddy Robert, the dessert and food is to die for.
Zuppa de Pesce Misto. Shrimp, scallops, salmon and whitefish served over soft white polenta in a lobster and tomato sauce. Absolutely brilliant. Panna cotta was wrong in all the right ways.
Hanging with the mayor!
Ask for pasta special
Pretty awful. It's like nyc's response to Olive Garden.
Sword fish is excellent
Sometimes they offer a vegetarian alternative if any of the pasta specials in the pasta trio are made with meat. Thanks!
White peach martini .... You'll b loose from the grey goose
Had Joe's Veal Chop... Fabulous!!!  The service is very attentive
Elegant charm and class in the Theatre District...inside design is cozy and welcoming...bar area is relaxing and fun...all around a classy place
If u love Italian cuisine this is the place to be ...try their crispy calamari salad for a starter...yummy!!!
Pasta trio is great--- be sure to come hungry, the portions are huge!
The organic chicken is absolutely, hands down the very very BEST!!  OMG I'm so impressed!!
The Inman team loves the unlimited table side service of their 3 daily pasta creations and the great wine selection - all for reasonable prices. Delicious food!
The bartenders are great and so is the proseco
Get the meatball appetizer! Not on menu! Awesome and you get three big balls! Only $12.
Get the sinfonia pasta trio
The pasta plate is a must.
On a low carb diet?  Then don't go for the all-you-can-eat pasta at this Italian spot. Great place to go after seeing a Broadway show, just make sure to make a reservation.
Try the veal or the ribeye.  Amazing.
All you can eat pasta special is amazing!  Plus $25 per bottle wine selection is huge
$23 for all you can eat pasta. I die.
Gabby loves this place.  Great wine list.  Food is also top notch.  Def. need a res.
Excellent food and ambiance! Make sure to try the cheesecake! A gem!
Order the spare ribs.  Thank me later.
Endless pasta special is on point- 3 dishes of unlimited homemade pasta, and you can never go wrong with $25 wine bottles!
Becco is the BEST!!!!
Get a bottle of wine and the three pastas
Try local beer called Brooklyn Lager!
They gladly put a TV on the Chiefs game, and served us up. Thought we had found a goldmine. Once it got busy though, we sat without drinks for nearly an hour. Food was just okay.
House of Brews NYE 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Get yourself a beer tower and a basket of fries. Or two.
Great selection of beer. I suggest a flight of locals and a Guinness to start. I can't wait to go back and enjoy another Brooklyn lager.
So much beer. Dear lord so many beers. Also incredible, friendly an knowledgable staff. Definitely making this a regular place
Boteco, perto de "casa".
Has over 80 different taps for the beer lover good bar food very surprised and cool crowd...if u don't want to see stupid drunk college kids come here I saw none of that :)
The worst place aver and the servers are really bad ... And impolite don't go....
I love this bar. Idk what it is. Maybe bc the huge selection of beers. Or bc I was in love with the waitress. Or bc I discovered one of my fav local beers here. It's my go… (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome service & fun atmosphere!
Monday night $10 Blue Moon pitchers and $5 appetizers.
the ocroberfest brews are cheap and very very awesome.
Grab a brew after seeing A SPLINTERED SOUL. http://bit.ly/prYsAV
If you are looking for a real bar in the theater district, head over to House of Brews. Once inside, order yourself a burger & have the friendly staff bring you a filled glass from its extensive tap.
Great place to take a round the world beer trip!
Try the Schwarz black Pils - excellent!
One of the few bars with Delirium; Belgian beer voted best beer in the world multiple times.
Get 2 for 1 stella on tuesday and come before 7 and get it for $5.50
God, I love Dick, I mean, Clay Parker.
Any beer you ever heard of they have it & brent was amazing bartender............
Love the Flight - 4 samples of different beers.
Twofer Yuenglings on Wednesdays.
$20 for 5 "Random" beers. This is a really great deal anywhere, but especially in the city.
Try the Green Flash IPA, one of the biggest and best hoppy style beers around. And if you're nice, the bartender Shona may give you a shot!
$10 Burger and a Pint.  Great tasting burger and fries, good quality pint.  M-F til 7pm.  Best deal in midtown.
They tried to hustle me for my money. I ordered one juice and he put it in two tiny cups then tried to charge me for two juices.
The salad bar is super fast
Lunch special $6.95 includes chips and soda with any sandwich
Get there before 11:45 or after 1:45 during the week, otherwise you'll be in a twenty minute long line
Go for the Santa Fe Salad! It's great! Avocado, tomato, corn, pepper jack cheese & onions! Yum :)
order 30 minutes before you want it on seamless and then when you pick it up go straight to the cashier! saves so much time and they'll still swipe your loyalty card there!
Love the mexican ceaser salad ,simple yet packed wid flavors .Also avoid coming here during lunch hours the lines could be a lil intimidating .
Justin says....Get the Mexican Chicken Caesar wrap with Mexican Caesar Dressing. They even chop up tortilla chips in this mutha fucka!
Order through Seamless to bypass the giant lunch line.
Mexican Caesar is great.  Usually a 30 minute wait at lunchtime.  I suggest ordering online for pickup.
First rule of Chop't: Always keep your eye on your salad. That's your one job. Just do it.
Great place fast clean great choices
Great place if you work in times square! Especially night time.
Grad salad place and perfect lunch spot if you're stuck in this neighborhood.
Add some fresh peaches and homemade goat cheese, it makes all the difference!
This is how you go to the register... slip, loyalty card and credit card at the ready. Chop't is not a place for lunchtime amateurs.
Be sure to follow your salad! It moves along quickly.
No need to avoid lunch hour, if you order online. Pick up at the last register. 5 min wait tops.
I come here nearly every week
Huge line, huge salads.
Eat like a rabbit and stay skinny.
Long lines - come early
I hate the dumbass who continues the line outside. what an ass clown. shit is windy, cold and tourist are fuckin retarded. keep lines indoors.
Even though it's an extra 280 calories, the panko fried chicken is worth it.
Crazy lines today but great salads!
The ultimate yuppie lunch spot.  Lots of varieties on the Cobb salad; my favorite is the "Thai Cobb" because of the pun, but I'm not totally sure it was intentional on their part.
Smoked Tofu is the key here. Double-up if you want.
Creative Salads indeed! The Santa Fe (avocado, tomato, corn, fried unions) with the cheese replaced for tortilla chips is a great and filling lunch.
Whoever said "best cobb salad" that's a big fat DITTO!
10 visits gets you a free salad. Make sure you have a loyalty card.
Best place to grab a salad. Just be warned - there's usually a line during the lunch rush. You're probably better off creating your own salad, just make sure you keep track of where your salad goes.
Once you're comfortable with the menu, start mixing and matching.
Music is beyond too loud!
One Michelin star.
Michelin 2012 ★
The herring trio and caramel panna cotta are so bombbb
Absolutely phenomenal private dining experience with impeccable service.  Steak tartare was the best I've had; rye was fantastic as was the Swedish meatball & gravlax. Fav dessert: vanil panna cotta!!
Awesome, precisely prepared, exquisitely plated Scandinavian food. We loved the Nordic seafood with butter-poached lobster, seared diver scallops and Montauk squid ($40).
Let me tell you this right now this place is a #must go.. Make sure you request for #JoeyMesina he's #awesome
Try the Brunch Desserts.  (via @Foodspotting)
The Chef's Tasting Menu is more food than you expect.
Long Island Duck Breast ve Molten Chocolate Cake harika
Love the selection of herring
Avoid this place while construction is going on next door. Horrible!
We love the creative, modern take on traditional cuisine, bringing unexpected sophistication to herring and Swedish meatballs, the creative drinks at the bar, and the hip bistro in front.
The food is exquisite! Great service too!
Must go for the Chef's tasting menu. So amazing!!! Had both the vegetarian and regular tasting menus and they're equally amazing.
#BDDB #SocialGood
Horseradish aquavit is fantastic
In my book, the meatballs here are some of the best I've ever had (in or out of Sweden/IKEA).
If you order the fries @ the bar, ask for mayo instead of/in addition to ketchup. It's homemade and has a smooth yet not too creamy texture with a slight tartness that really perks up the fries.
Had a wonderful meal. The gazpacho and duck were amazing!
Solo Ostiones y nada mas.
Thirsty Diners Seek Refreshment at Aquavit
In the Bistro, check out the special menu and paired wines for the 80 Sips Challenge 2011 from May 16-27
A beautifully designed restaurant with impeccable service.  Check out their daily bar specials – we like the Oysters & Champagne or the Sliders & Beer.
salmon smorgasbord WORTH IT, WORTH IT, WORTH IT.
Blueberry and fig aquavits were my favorite.
NOT VERY FLAVERFULL
Aquavit has two areas: a more affordable cafe at the entrance and a much more expensive dining area. Do not hesitate to eating at the cafe: the experience it is pure Aquavit and you will save money.
This place is a true gem. The salmon festival buffet is to die for, they have awesome salmon and herring dishes
This place is a true gem. The salmon festival buffet is to die for, they have awesome salmon and herring dishes
This place is a true gem. The salmon festival buffet is to die for, they have awesome salmon and herring dishes
Amazing eggplant parm heroes here. One of the true great hole in the walls, but watch put for major food coma after lunch.
Solid slice of pizza. Cheese is melting off but the sauce is really good. Yunnan!
The chicken roll is perfect. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the chicken roll and you can't go wrong.
Pizza is terrible. Get something else or go somewhere else. Place is empty @ dinner time.
Awesome pizza, best I've had in NYC!
Best chicken parm sandwich in NYC!!
Try the Chicken Parm with vodka sauce.
Very good ck parm sandwhich!!!
Best Pizza in the midtown east!!! Frankie the owner is the coolest dude ever!!!
Best Meatball Parm hero amazing bread
Gotta try the Grilled chicken on hero w/ lettuce and tomato, don't forget the homemade dressing!
Get the meatball parm sub. You won't regret it.
If you want take-out from this place, place your order via GoMobo.com to avoid the line and pay ahead of time.
This guy NEVER has chic peas. EVER. So if you see it on the sign, ignore it.
The grilled chicken was meh.
It's good but the one on park is better.
Combo platter for $5.50!
New spot with new menu, thy now serve Philly Cheese steak in a sub or platter.
They make an excellent reuben,  which is also very affordable
Try the mini bagels or flat bagels.  They are from a different source the regular bagels are awful.  Think what a bagel would taste like in Iowa except these are worse.
East Side Bagel Cafe got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/30306
They changed the bagels, I'm not sure how I feel about it yet?
The owners are getting their bagels from a new source.  They're not quite as good anymore.  The coffee is still great.
The bagels weren't bad but the iced coffee I had was terrible (albeit gigantic).
Low fat muffins are surprisingly good.
Not bad. Best bagels on UES are @ Bagel Express, 93rd + 2nd.
Great coffee skip sbucks
Delicious chopped herring salad!
Huuuuuge iced coffee for only 2.25
Their everything bagels are my everything.
try the chocolate crumb cake
Whole wheat everything rocks. Good selection of cr eam cheeses, too, including tofu varieties. But the tuna was a fail
I've had 'em all and these bagels are quietly the best in nyc. Skip H&H unless its late night.
Not a bunch of exotic bagel flavors but what they do have is great.  And whole wheat everything is top notch.
The lox here is great don't know what previous commenter is talking about - been coming here for over a decade
They have the best whitefish salad!
Don't get the LOX here...
The bouncer sucks. Not a nice person! I will never go back!! We brought 15 ppl for a going away party an he wld not let our friend in. So we all had to leave. :( very sad!
Out of business as of November 2012. :(. RIP tasti.
This location has a frequent buyer card, but they don't promote it so you have to ask.
The real deal for authentic Southern Italian cuisine and atmosphere. Mangia! Especially the phenomenal homemade spaghetti.
Don't forget to ask for the special of the day.
Homemade pasta dishes are the way to go
Horrible dry pasta. Totally uninspired meal.
Lasagna is amazing!
Buonissimo!!!!
Get the tiramisu! Best of my life! Also the panna cotta is delicious!!
I'm a regular here,  Owner Fabio specialty is classic cocktails of old which is fun. Of note: the Burratina, Stracciatella, Orecchiette, and the Orata. Warm and authentic.
Get the warm octopus and potatoes. It rocks.
Alba is the best bartender ever!
Delicious hidden gem in NYC! Mangia Mangia!
In a tourist-frenzied area w/ little to eat other than $1 pizza slices, Mercato stands out! Pasta is fresh and above average. It's one of the few good options in a 2 block radius.
Really good Southern Italian food tucked away in Hell's Kitchen. I recommend the trenette al pesto and the pistachio semifreddo - delicious!
Best Italian food in the 4 block hood.
Truly authentic Puglia region cuisine - the "polpette y crostini" and "taglierre puglia" are my favorites.
Fava bean puree
Tagliere Pugliese , a carefully selected platter of cured meats and sharp cheeses, is served here with classic taralli. - Inspector
This is the best Italian in the city. It's all good, have a glass of Prosecco and raise it in the air: Jade and I had our wedding here on the 8th of September 2010!
The rigatoni with eggplant and salted ricotta was PHENOM. Others in my group loved their meals as well. Fried artichoke was small but really tasty. I want to try everything on the menu!
Great ambiance. Authentic and unique dishes that are all delicious. I can't resist the lasagne. And, the ricotta cheesecake is a fave of mine. Not too sweet so don't expect "cheesecake factory".
Fresh and delicious Southern Italian fare that is a must-have for any Hell's Kitchen resident.  The friendly staff and delightful libations only make this place even greater!
Gnocchi with beef/pork is fantastic! Great portion sizes, not too crazy.
Decent place for a few cocktails, although a little pricey.
Try the deep fried artichoke!! Sooo delicious!
Luego de llevar un mes en New York comiendo en distintos restaurantes, el Mercato ha sido de lo mejor que he ido... exquisito!!!
Very good food, do yourself a favor and eat here!  :)
POLPO E PATATE (Octopus and potatoes).
Definitely get the sangria!  For dinner, either the homemade ravioli or ciopinno!  Excellent!
They now have their liquor license. Hooray for wine and delicious pasta at lunchtime!
Get a crash course in Southeastern Italian cooking by ordering the Tiella Pugliese, a paella-like casserole with rice, potatoes and mussels.
What else can you expect from 99 cent slices?
Terrible pizza.
Its what you would expect from Port Authority
Careful here. They tend to short you on change.
AVOID. Had breakfast: orange juice was 4 bucks & no jam & attitude behind the counter (get over yourself, you work at a pizza place!)
AVOID. Had breakfast: orange juice 4 bucks & no jam for toast & att
Best modern NYC style pizza in NYC. Cheap and fast delivery. Pasta is pretty great too. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This is real NY pizza, stop in and grab a slice.
Solid old school slices in Hell's Kitchen / Clinton.
Deliciously cheesy and greasy pizza!  Delivery is cheap, and amazingly fast.  Go for a cheese pie with pepperoni and a side of garlic knots.
Great NY pizza!
Yummmy
They will give you pizza in exchange for money
Spinach slice is great too!
Get the eggplant slice. Best ever.
Make sure to be patient and repeat your sandwich order a few times
Home cooked food is delish. Great host.
Salad stalker loves you. If he calls you "honey" your in! May even get a free cookie with smile.
Awesome egg and cheese!
Good coffee
No longer a late night snack since they close at 6PM now...
Ask for green sauce and radishes on any taco
Anything you can order here is good. Definitely the best nachos I've ever had! Try them with spicy sausage. Just amazing food for a little food cart!
The al pastor will cure what ails you!
Some of the best, freshest tacos in town.  Great for a late night snack after hitting the bars.
Steak torta or chicken burrito every time...tacos are good too
2.50 USD for a real al pastor!
Make sure you order very clearly
Saturday Morning wraps are work well on Friday Mornings too.
Toasties' salads--about 12 salad ideas printed up with ingredients and prices on the salad bar window--genious and delish.
Union square on a whole wheat hero. You won't regret it, trust me.
Breakfast platter is a steal!
Sgt. Sweet Pepper is my fave.
I'm all about the Birdie!
Look at how they dice that salad! You don't even have to chew it! And unlike other placed in the area, the chicken tastes like chicken! Make sure you've got your blue dress shirt on when u go in!
Love the Caspar (turkey, avocado, mesclun, balsamic vinaigrette) on a whole wheat or spinach wrap.
Great breakfast wraps.  Friendly staff
Try the Alice (via @Foodspotting)
RB King is unreal. Get it and you won't regret it, though you may fall asleep at your desk after lunch.
Love their Energy Wrap!
Order online at seamlessweb.com
The breakfast wraps are goid for lunch...just make your order before 11.
Great for breakfast or lunch, friendly staff
Really good make-your-own sandwichs
Healthy Wrap for breakfast here rules: egg whites, avocado, turkey, and alpine lace cheese.
Try the Bacon And Egg (via @Foodspotting)
Machtig decor! Lekkere eerste gang
Two Michelin stars.
Michelin 2012 ★★
Langoustine ve halibut kesinlikle önerim.
Two words: truffle fries
great location, too bad about that dump across the street.
Sadly Gilt is closed for the summer - come back in the fall!
classy place to go for drinks after work
I seem to have a charcuterie yearnings and this is just the place to cure them! Great cosmos too and an undeniably quiet but cool atmosphere on a rando weeknight.
Impressive, ornate, and romantic place to start or end a midtown NYC evening
For a fancier outing, celebrate the Oscars at the Palace Hotel with a five-course, Oscar-themed dinner. Inventive Oscar's inspired dishes. Check this year, if they still host Oscar's viewing.
Get the Tasting menu with wine pairings! First rate service, sommelier and delicious, creative food.
Try the truffle fries and ask for chef teddy
The Jalapeño Margarita is a killer...
Really nice ambience. Bar is busy and smells truffles
What a decadent spin on classic Bacon and Eggs with an interesting mix if caviar, egg, and crème fraiche
Gilt Restaurant is one of the most romantic in Manhattan.  Many proposals happen here.  Don't forget about a pre-nup!
Patrick Capiello's 3,000-wine list earned a 2011 Wine Spectator Grand Award and is very strong in Bordeaux and Burgundy. Enjoy trophies like '47 Cheval-Blanc ($11,000) or 400+ wines at $100 or less.
Beautiful place and excellent food.
Before dinner, have a drink on the patio and take in the views of the beautiful Palace Hotel.  Dine on the Foie Gras, Cobia and the Blood Orange Sponge Cake.
Gilt Bar and Lounge may be the hotspot but behind the doors in the serene, wood-paneled dining room is where you’ll find the amazing 2-star cuisine of Chef Justin Bogle. - Inspector
Try their Manhattan from the drink menu along with the 5 course tasting menu. Pricey, but worth it.
Inventive New American treasure located in the Palace Hotel, it may look familiar if you’re a Gossip Girl fan – it’s where Serena lives. Save room for the Chocolate Soufflé.
Bacon and eggs - unique and delicious :)
Beautiful courses, but the taste did not get to same level with the looks. Veri good meal, but unfortunately nothing extraordinary.
At Gilt Chef Justin Bogle uses esoteric ingredients to experiment with emulsions and foams. The Pancetta Spiced Foie Gras will make you want to make another reservation here even before you leave.
truffle fries are decadently delicious!!
Srink
If you're feeling decadent, order the 7 course chef's tasting menu with wine pairings. Chef Justin Bogle is an artist with food! Up the ante with the white truffles, shaved tableside by Chef Bogle.
Bring your own bowl, get two free toppings
Costly option for a salad, even with the reusable bowls. Not worth it for $11 bucks. I like my salads chop't ;) (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
JS turkey salad FTW
CHOPPER NO 1!!!! Also the staff is SO friendly. :) love this place.
If you do a custom salad, printout your selection from their website first and hand it over. No hollering from down the line!
JS turkey club ftw
Amazing chicken caesar salad!
This is my favorite salad creation spot. Love the Thai Chicken Crunch with Spicy Thai Peanut dressing.
Go green and get the bowl! It's only $1 and you get 2 free toppings. Line is always out the door after 12 though.
Rethinking if the line is worth the $1 deal.
$1 salads on 6/8 through a LivingSocial promo!
Go with the Pesto Chicken Paradise w/ Sherry Shallot Vinaigrette. Tell them to go light on the dressing though and don't mind the line. It moves quick - though Miguel needs to relax.
Great salads, but don't go after 2pm - they get sloppy with the chopping and veggies aren't fresh.
A bit of a rip-off
Starving...this salad doesn't stand a chance.
Reusing the bowl gets you 2 free toppings
Anything with spagheti squash and poblano ranch - can't go wrong, but throw in turkey bacon for a can't miss salad experience
Purchase a loyalty card 5% OFF anytime and 10% OFF after 2 pm
Hudson Valley Mix salad w/balsamic dressing
Great Latin food and a great Latin vibe. We LOVE the mussels in chorizo!
Such a fun environment to be in! People there are friendly, the food is amazing... Nothing to complain about! Definitely need to go back
The food is delicious. The atmosphere is felonious.
Terrible experience. We were told there was a 45minute wait and it's been two hours so far. The hostess is rude as well as a damn liar
Excellent and strong sangria!
wish I would have received a proper apology it was my bday.  food was very good but I didn't even get to taste my Tres Leches 3 Rats! running all over. staff was like whatever thank you Good nite
I went the 22nd my bday the 23rd waited till exactly midnight for desert paid the bill since it was so late took my first bite and had 3 RATS run by us I screamed they blamed construction in the area
Churrasco Al Chimichurri is my absolute fav.  The empanadas with the guava sauce is killer too.  Yummyyy!!
Try going early-midweek, wait times on the wknd are ri-dic! Ropa Veija is mouthwatering good! Empanadas were just okay IMO!
Sofrito Mojito, Appetizer platter, roast pork, paella, and surf & turf.,, weekenders make a reservation
I was not impressed with this place at all. But if you do decide to go there please make a reservation. Or expect to wait 2 hour on a Friday night for a table.
A. W. F. U. L.
Love this place!
Have to have the tostones montaditos & the shrimp gumbo is off the chain!
This is an upscale Puerto Rican restaurant that serves some of the best Latin food in New York City. Try their delicious carne empanadas and their famous mojitos!
Enjoyed an awesome e vening with my two sisters....cheers to us!
Sisters time.....quality time with mine!!
Fried pork chunks and red sangria are ridiculous!
Cosmos are delish. Mmm
You need to get there early because it gets full fast. No reservations for under 8ppl on Fridays or Saturdays. The arroz con camarones is delicious!
Never come here on a Saturday night
The cocotinis banging. Thanks titi.  Good choice
Skirt Steak
If you don't want to wait 1.5 hours for a table, be sure to get there early!
Ropa veija was amazing... Their sampler was good but the portions are huge... Was not a fan of the sangria bit their good is authentic
Had empanadas for the first time here! They were really good!
COME WITH AN APPETITE!! LARGE PORTIONS SERVED!
Come early or don't come @ all....
Yummy! the are empanadas are so good!!!
Que Bueno Este Lugar!!!!!!
The food is so good they don't need to worry about mops, soap, or courtesy.
Best "some kind of meat" in the area
Best Chinese food in HK.
Fast and no surprises Chinese food to eat inn or to go. I recommend this place and trust me there are plenty to choose in this area. This is restaurant row here.
Dumplings are on pt
Love their brown rice!
Just finished dinner- the crispy orange beef, CRISPY!! And so fresh and hot! But be ready to fight the mangies asking for money & sleeping at tables.
Great five dollar lunch
The steaks here are prime and amazing! Try a strip steak, perfectly butchered and with amazing marbling
Now called City Gourmet.
Try the smoothies. Get a card to get 10th one for free.
They have a small business Saturday decal in their door. Woohoo!
Lightly toasted means burnt
Occasional stock of Four Loco!
Fresh juice is great. Get green apple, carrot, spinach, and ginger.
I love the roast beef wrap. Soda included
Get the salad VIP card. 10th salad is FREE!
Was originally entered as "353 9th Ave." by mistake.
They make a great iced cortado. Cash only.
Aside from their great espresso, try their scrumptious panini. They're the best in town.
Get the caffe (espresso). One of the best shots ive ever had.
The most delicious bestest Italianest espresso bar in the city. Cash only but so worth it.
Order your drink to stay...and enjoy the european accents that fill the air....delish
european feel
the line is WAAAY shorter than the starbucks across the street...ans starbucks sucks anyway
Get a REAL cappuccino, only here in NYC
One of my favorite shots of espresso in the City..
Best coffee in NY.
Cornetto & Espresso.
Best latte in NYC.  Love this place!
The Marocchino  is lovely. Espresso and chocolate, with very little milk.
Double marochino plus an apricot cornetto FTW!!!!!!
Triple espresso to start the morning? Zibetto is a great spot, especially if you're aware of how bad Starbucks is.
Excellent coffee and apricot croissants just like in Bella Italia. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Due reasons to visit: authentic doppio espresso and authentic Italian dreamboats vending baci.
Best espresso in town!
Best coffee in midtown!
One shot of espresso is not enough..
Cappuccino +  Cornetto is the best!
Best coffee in NYC when you're tired of Starbucks and want the real deal.
Il miglior espresso di midtown!
Closed for renovation
Be sure to wear your best italian tailored suit ...you'll fit right in.
Espresso macchiato and cornetto alla marmellata... è la morte sua!
Stop and ask for the best plain croissant in Manhattan. But arrive early, otherwise they will be gone!
fresh squeezed OJ.
You'll feel like you're in Europe. Barista Anastasios Nougos trained at the famed espresso bar Sosta in Stockholm.
Ask for the apricot croissant/cornetto
Great scene and good food. Definitely go up to the bar upstairs where they have live jazz on Tue/Wed.
Open your own restaurant. Done. Publish a wildly celebrated cookbook. Done. Become an Iron Chef on Food Network. Done. What could Chef Geoffrey Zakarian do next? We're so proud of our alumnus!
Went for breakfast and it was excellent, and also impeccable service and a good price for NY
Drink this wine. It's unbelievably good.
Exceptional service. They make a fantastic margarita with Milagro.....
Gold rush.  Bourbon, honey and lemon.  What more could you want?
A pair of perky fried eggs and three neat rectangles of queso fresco are perched on a crispy corn tortilla and a bed of cilantro-laced black beans. $18.
Iron Chef Zakarian showcases modern American cuisine in a classy setting.
Our server Nash and all the staff were incredible! Food was amazing, great quiet date place.
Order an old-fashioned with Whistlepig Rye.
Every Wednesday in the main bar upstairs listen to live Jazz!
Every Wedn
For a breakfast that you will not forget, try their special Huevos Ranchero
Lambs Cup cocktail - new favorite! Delmonico steak was super juicy and fatty, so big could barely eat half! Also recommend the Brussels sprouts side
Gold Rush is delish especially if you - like me - are a bourbon fan
Perfect ambiance for a quiet Sunday morning breakfast. A cold winter day is made better by sitting next to their fireplace.
Just don't seat near windows in the bar in the winter - unless you're going for the Artic vibe
A Victoria's Secret Angel-approved hot spot for New Year's Eve 2012!
The service is exceptional.
Quail app here is perfectly seared...also, Jacques is a master behind the bar
Holy turtle Sunday
October celebrates National Seafood Month: The restaurants making a splash http://exm.nr/nzc9n2
When in doubt, order the Lambs Cup.
Great food the Veal Chop one of the best I had in long time. So tender.. Oyster and the Tuna Tartar are fantastikkk
One of the best places for decent pre show cocktails
Pre theatre special, excellent choice and perfect timing for seeing a Broadway play!
Steak Delmonico and Choclate Pot De Creme was amazing. Celeb alert saw Ron Howard here.
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
You must try the Strawberry Gimlet. Absolutely incredible - like a fresh, liquid strawberry
The foie gras – served with bruleed figs – was truly marvelous. We were also impressed with the cocktail list, which has old-time favorites as well as more contemporary and daring mixtures.
Attending Hot Cocktails with Geoffrey Zakarian? Tweet and instagram your photos to @FoodNetwork using #NYCWFF!
Excelente comida! Excelente atendimento! Excelente localização!
Great veggie burger! And the key lime pie is delicious.
Excellent food and very good service! Shrimp heaven is a must try ! Get the strawberry mango chiller and the glowing glass for free!
Gotta try the holidayspecials...awesome!  Great family fun!  Sit by the windows..Fantastic view over the Time Squares
We waited a long time to sit down, and waited even longer for our food. The waiter was never around and he didn't even ask us trivia questions! But I've been there before and the 1st time was better.
A melhor torta de limão que já comi!
Maravilhoso !!! Apaixonados por camarão vão adorar !! Preço x qualidade nota 10.
Peça de entrada Shrimp Shack Mac & Cheese, e o prato principal o "Of Course We Have Scampi!". Para fechar Key Lime Pie de sobremesa!
Brick ass cold here. Wear a snowsuit.
Excelente restaurante em NYC!!! Peça o drink lava flow... Adorei!!
Louisiana Lemonades rule!!
Best Garlic Bread ever...
Pretty busy all day long, come right after work.
If you are a big fan of Forrest Gump and shrimp, this is your place! Fun!
Try the Accidental Fish & Shrimp - comida de neptuno! (via @Foodspotting)
This is a nice place 2 go 2 & eat some shrimp in NYC.
You have to be aware of the movie story, as they have funny pop quiz about the movie you have to answer :-)
Drinks come late! And slow, ok servise but awsome food
Don't go here, it's freezing inside - 60 F with a draft.
Make sure your shrimp is actually cooked and deveined !
Ask for Alex! He's super schway and wllmake you enjoy coming here ^_^
Bubba Gump Shrimp! Delicious Food.
The Jambalaya is perfect! :)
We had the shrimpin dippin broth and the I'm stuffed shrimp...both were amazing.I love the bread here.
If you're not interested in seafood, then leave. Really great seafood, though.
Good Signatures drinks… Fun Place
Request a seat near the windows for a great view of times square
Good service. Horrible food. They even fucked up a Cesar salad by dumping too much sauce.
Momma's southern fried chicken is better than u can imagine !!! Yummy
Even though this place was ridiculously packed - seemed like the staff had everything under control. Friendly and fun waiter!
If you r in Times Sq and are hot, Check out Scoops R U inside Toys R Us.  Just opened, the best Ice Cream in all Manhattan.  Perfect day for ice cream
You're BEARY close to Build-A-Bear Workshop!  Stop by and see us to make a new furry friend!  We even have NYC exclusive bears not available anywhere else!
The hard-boiled eggs taste like balloons ;(
Try the Chicken Parmigiana Hero - Considering where it's from, it's actually better than decent.  (via @Foodspotting)
Pepperoni Pizza and Penne ala Vodka w/Shrimp and lots of cheese are my favorite...
Pizza Margherita is the best! Try the pasta too :b
Awesome omelettes in the morning - try ordering online, they're pretty quick with delivery. Use the code 25off to get 25% off your online order!
Go before noon or after 2pm! Otherwise it's a madhouse.
The food isn't worth the price. The parfaits are good.
In a pinch, it's good for breakfast. a little greasy, but the egg white, turkey and mozz wrap hit the spot.
Turkey Chili soup!!
Scope out a seat before you order, otherwise, someone may not finish when your food is ready and you'll have to stand.
The chai and cardamom coffee are delicious!
This place is so yummy you honestly can't go wrong...I always get half orange ginger tea and orange blossom lemonade
If you want to feel like you're in a day care center among screaming kids and their indulgent moms and caregivers, come here for lunch. It's a shame because the dosas are yummy... Oh well!
So delicious! The classic dosa and the salad sandwich!
Try the dose with chicken and artichoke. Yum!!!
This place is basically a daycare/stroller parking lot during lunch. If this isn't for you, avoid.
mango chutney
Great gluten-free and dairy-free options.
I first discovered these exotic ‘sandwiches’ when I worked in the Hamptons a few years ago. TThis is casual, inexpensive fare perfect for a quick lunch time stop.
Pumpkin chutney with curry chutney chicken is a tasty flavorful treat!
Cardamom coffee! Yum
great sandwiches
Try the iced cardamom coffee!
love the breakfast dosa with avocado
Breakfast Sosa!
Orange Ginger Iced Tea is especially good
as a south indian food snob, I loved the food here. The dosa batter was just right and the dosas were perfectly crisp, the masala was not bad, the chutnies were great. Loved the tomato and cilantro, n
The Masala Deluxe is exciting! Great with the Orange Ginger iced tea.
Try #11 -Smoked Turkey,Spinach,Jack Cheese & Balsamic Roasted Onions w/ Tomato Chutney, excellent!
The #5 dosa + peanut chutney + mango lassi = perfect meal
Love the giant dosas
The seasonal pumpkin chutney is not to be missed.
Saturday morning wrap is delicious for breakfast
Try the Spicy Pastrami (via @Foodspotting)
the meatball pizza is not bad, it has mozzeralla so it's the highlight of the pizza.
Salad pizza
Go for the spicy pastrami or the thanksgiving sandwich
Chicago pizza and breakfast platter are my favs.
The hot dishes & daily specials are remarkable and the sandwich line is always the length of the place, but worth the wait. Not cheap, the portions are huge.
The salads here are a little expensive for what you get. Try Liberty Deli instead if you are looking for a salad. Their sandwiches are great though.
Try the buffalo chicken wrap. Yum!
The cheapest Americano in midtown! $1.84
Free wifi using the code on your receipt! Much nicer workspace than Starbucks.
Vietnamese sandwich has a nice cilantro/jalapeño feel to it.
Porcini Mushroom risotto is amazing!!
The oatmeal is just great
Chocolate Croissant hummmmm!!!! Very nice people here too.
Small location with all your Pret favorites. Two seat seating area. Love the Moroccan Lentil soup!
Holy party in your mouth!! Try the Sparkling Grape & Elderflower beverage and thank me tomorrow!
The chicken noodle soup tastes like homemade. Also, their hot chocolate is perfectly balanced... Not too sweet and SO yummy.
Food is great but the seats are too close to the fridges making it a chilly lunch break
Soy lattes taste burnt eww
Don't get the coconut & pineapple water it takes like  liquid feet
For a crazy, busy, midtown chain, the staff here are always really, really nice and friendly.
Spicy falafel wrap. There are plenty of other falafel options in the area, but this is the fastest. It's pret.
Best food ever. Everything is freshly made and at the end of the night they donate all left overs to the homeless. Love the coffee soup sammies soda cakes. Love you pret.
spicy falafel wrap!
My morning coffee is 75% from here.  Why go Starbucks (and those lines) when you get a great cup of Joe without the hassle or the cost? Oh, and the sammie's ain't bad either.
A respite from the armpit of Manhattan. Great menu and super friendly bartenders. This is not a tip..just sayin'
Food poisoned :( burger did me in
The Grilled Hanger steak has really good flavor! Frozen margarita is made with just enough kick. Enjoy!
Try the Warm Pumpkin Tart With Sea Salted Caramel Gelato - Tart for the miss (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Black And White Flourless Chocolate Cake - Dessert for the gent (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Steak Frites - Same entree for the couple  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chilled Cherry Pepper Shrimp - Appetizer for the lady (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mojito Wings - Appetizer for the gentleman  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Polar Bear Cosmo And Berry Sunny Cocktails - Round one by the rink (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Stuffed Artichoke - Oh man this was delicious!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Yummy calamari, steak salad with a Stella draught.
Having a TBLT
try the 'bananas for bananas' dessert!  YUM
Get a table by the window, the view is amazing
Great atmosphere and good food, but you'll be warmer sitting in the outside bar under the heated lamps rather than inside with the door constantly opening and closing.
Very special venue
A little pricy but fun atmosphere (heated outdoor couches)!
Terrible .. The service was terrible food was terrible also so don't go here!!
Need to make plans for Valentine's Day? Let Celsius do all the planning. Check out their exclusive 4 course menu for $78 per person. For reservations, please call 212.792.9603.
Try an Apresider to warm you up after a skate with us.
The two-story Celsius looks over the always-bustling Citi Pond ice rink, and an outdoor balcony provides the best views of the action. Large heat lamps keep diners warm and cozy as they indulge.
The Glenlivet 18-year-old is pricey but worth it.
Great atmosphere and good food (rec. pot roast and Mac  'n Cheese). A little pricy, but worth it for the ambiance and novelty of the place. I would go again.
Try the Celsius Burger - Mmmm. So good (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mac and Cheese - So amazingly good (via @Foodspotting)
Like Celisus on Facebook and follow them on twitter @celsiusnyc for all the recent updates on events, specials and more!
They add gratuity to each drink. Leave the tip part on your receipt blank!
Grand opening on October 28th 6:00-7:00pm(EST) Check out http://celsiusnyc.citipondatbryantpark.com/ or http://www.facebook.com/CelsiusNYC for more information.
Amazing for Any size event! Looking to book an Event then give us a Call: 212-685-4354
I love it here in the winter!
Make sure to check out the Winter Film Festival....kicks off tomorrow at 5pm, 1.22.11 #CitiFlix
Chicken Pot Pie?  Say Yes to that!
Who's coming over for some infamous Potato and Cheese Pierogies with us tonight?
Spiked hot cocoa!!
Still need to make plans for NYE?  Come ring in the NYE with us at Celsius for their Winter Wonderland Event.  For more information and ticket pricing, please visit www.celsiusnyc.com
Hot apple cider with Jameson is delish! The wait upstairs is shorter and all the tables have just as good of a view of the ice as downstairs.
Get drinks downstairs!
Tonight is the Tree Lighting Ceremony: #CitiTree2010.  Can't make it tonight?  Not to worriy, they'll be uStreaming it live right here: http://www.ustream.tv/citipondnyc
Get Your FREE Holiday Photo and Citi Will Donate $10 to Toys for Tots for Each Photo!!When: Now through Sunday, November 21, 2010 from 9am - 5pmWhere: Citi Booth in Bryant Park
The Polar Bear Cosmo!!  Everyone was drinking them last night, including us!!
a great place to watch the shoppers and ice skaters while staying warm and having a relaxing meal!
The shrimp dumplings are divine
shrimp dumplings are amazing!!!
Wow. Dull shrimp dumplings and very weak/bland noodle soups. Skip this.
Don't know why the line is so long. The terriyaki chicken was subpar. The sauce tastes like it came from a bottle and the chicken was dry.
I always order fried tofu and broccoli with spicy garlic sauce. Yum.
The General Tsao's can be hit or miss, but when it's it's ON.
Best general tso's tofu in NYC!!!
Good food and at reasonable prices! Had the sushi and I was very happy. Great customer service as well. The waitstaff was very attentive.
10/1 CLOSED by order of the health commissioner
Best soup dumplings
Congee has therapeutic qualities to cure cold/flu. CF's minced pork congee w/ 1000-yr old egg (only on wkends) isn't as good as Mom's but does the trick & beats not having to go to C-town to get it.
Some of the best chinese food on the east side.  outside seating in summer.
Upscale and you pay for it.  Takeout looking at 16-20 bucks for one person. Depending upon the meal.
Steamed Vegetable Dumplings. Red Dragon Roll. Fantastic!
My photo is on the menu and the website! Love this place!
Get here early.  It fills up fast
Love the shanghainese bean curd soup!
No need to head all the way down to Chinatown for dim sum--China Fun's selection is great and it's served everday.
Scallion pancakes. YUM.
Great sesame chicken!
The best Chinese eggplant ever!!!
There was a rubber band in my veggie dumpling #surprise!
Get the roast duck noodle soup, but order the udon noodles - so good on a winter day!
Knock twice and give the bathroom a swift kick, a man named Dice will answer the door, you can buy kids and drugs from him for the best price in this neighborhood
Knock twice and give the bathroom a swift kick, a man named Dice will answer the door, you can buy kids and drugs from him for the best price in this neighborhood
Pork soup.
Get their pork chops. Great tasting and a fantastic deal. Also, their vegetarian delite is oh so tasty - and this is coming from a ferocious meat eater
Best soup dumplings north on canal
The veggie dumplings are their best
Breakfast here is the perfect way to start off the day. Bagels or wraps with egg and cheese are my favorites.
Sgt sweet pepper is the best thing on the menu, but FYI its extra if you sub grilled chicken for the chicken cutlet it comes with.
Got it, NEXT!
W4 breakfast wrap is real good, but the hot peppers can pack too much heat. Bacon, egg and cheeses on bagels are always solid. Iced coffee is surprisingly flavorful as well.
Recommend the grilled chicken caesar wrap - so fresh!
wasn't blown away overall. too overpriced for a sandwich that wasn't that great. i'll probably be hitting up pax next door from now on instead.
Hate to say it, but if you don't place your order with one of the two main guys it will be screwed up.
Good lunch time meals for under ten bucks. Mash with gravy is yummerz.
Try the Blueberry, Strawberry, Banana Pancakes - Perfection! (via @Foodspotting)
Best chicken Caesar wrap in midtown!
Why yes, I will put Pastrami on my chicken cutlet. Thanks, Toasties.
Decent quality for the price but a bit steep for lunch.
Delicious breakfast sandwiches.
Must try the W4, esp for those that like a little spice. Switch the Swiss for American cheese if you like.
This place is the worst!! Worst service ever. Awful cashiers, rude, impatient, and have no concept of customer service. Never coming back here again.
An ok sandwich for 9.50...yea I won't be back...not ever.
they dont combine frequent flier cards... stooo
THE BEST (overpriced) iced coffee EVER! It's worth it. Sandwiches are good. w3 egg wrap is AMAZING!!!!!!
the "E-Z" is a winner.
Vegetarians, try the Vivaldo... has hummus, avocado, romaine lettuce, alfalfa sprouts and tomatoes. Refreshing!
food is good... salads are ok )0:
Just stopping to get a gift card.
no seating, just grab and go
Coffee is ALWAYS burnt.
The lentil soup here absolutely rocks.
Horchata is to die for, almost like dessert a treat so comforting... Eggs with chorizo are the real deal and today I'm having chilaquiles con huevo for spirit uplifting
Taco Taco Salad w/ Chipotle Chicken.
Forget the margarita, wash it all down with a glass of horchata or fruity agua fresca. - Inspector
There food tastes old and dry and is too expensive. I don't understand how they got any positive comments. Go to Pio Pio on 1st and 91st or the great Mexican place right next to Pio instead.
The tortillas here are made of blue corn...a delicious surprise!
My Mexican friend didn't think the guac or salsa were authentic. I loved my grilled fish tacos & the enchiladas are very tasty. They have a yummy $5 happy hr margarita & beer special
Guacamole and a pitcher.
Try the Tacos al Pastor! Absolutely fantastic!
Food is REALLY good and the prices aren't too high! Have a burrito :)
Love the food and the margiritas!!  I put on 5lbs after I discovered this place.  So worth it.
Great ritas and tortas! Very authentic and cool outdoor seating vibe.
Guacamole and Ginger lime margs are yummy.
If you are way up town, Taco Taco has awesome Mexican - not the annoying fancy NYC Mexican... They have legit burritos and tacos. I love it.
This pizza is not so great. The slices sitting out look like they were made 6 hours earlier... And it kinda tastes that way too.
Chicken Gyro with everything is great!
The ricotta basil bruschette is heaven
A ton of awesome beers on tap
Might be the best place uptown!
order the lasagne with the baked ricotta side plate. perfect combination!
Great atmosphere and in nice neighborhood .  Music little too loud and little too hot if you sit near the pizza oven
Creamy polenta side and any of the pizzas are good. The nightly pasta on the chalkboard is also a safe bet
I like this place.... Great vibes, good pizza, outside searing, and nice wine selection. Dare I call it an upper west side gem?
Try the ricotta! It's delicious. Great atmosphere and fantastic food
Osteria Cotta's truffle pizza is a delight. I've had it both as an appetizer and a late night snack with one of their excellent wines. If you like truffles you must try this pizza.
$25 tasting menu is the best, and it feeds more than one hungry belly.
Thanks for ignoring us for 10 minutes. We will be taking our business elsewhere
Their Kerner (white wine from northern Italy) is awwwwwesome
Great place for a first date on the Upper West Side. Fantastic wines by the glass selection and delicious small plates.
So far everything I've had is delish: pizza, meatballs, brushette.
This dolcetto tastes like nail polish remover.
Order the cavatappi pasta & nutella ricotta calzone for dessert. You're welcome;) xoxo
The Margherita is light and flavorful, made with good mozzarella, while the Calabrese features the miniature red chilis plus slices of their signature salami, soppressata.
Great funghi pizza
Hottest Cocktail: Autumn Sangria - “They use cognac in this seasonal sangria instead of the traditional brandy, along with fresh apples and peaches.” - Risto Marttinen, bartender
Small bites eggplant, shrooms, beets - awesome. Loved papardelle too. Fun wine opts 2 try.
Great atmosphere (a bit raucous), great service and great food!  Come for their pizzas – especially the Calabrese and the Pugliese – and a good selection of wines.
Try the crispy fried calamari & funghi misti pizza!  Loved the rustic decor & upscale casual vibe :)
Try the crispy calamari & funghi misti pizza! Loved the rustic decor & casual upscale vibe :)
Loved the shrimp scampi and the pork chop.with fried polenta and broccoli rabe
The nutella calzone rocks!
Mudd coffee is served out of a window in the morning
Great pizzas! Try the Calabrese. All the pasta dishes are yummy too. Love the Orichette and the Pappardelle with pork ragu.
Good pizza. Wait for prime lunch and dinner hours for great specials.
Delicious.  Great food & decor.
Opening soon every day at 11:30AM. Check out the MUD coffee bar!
Ignore the Borgia's tip, it's a year old and not active anymore
Great for Sunday brunch. Loved the service and the mimosa, granchio poached eggs w hollandaise, and potato gnocchi (pillowy melt-in-your-mouth good) are hits. Will be back for sure!
Try the duck, it's delicious!
Get the Greek Salad! It's absolutely amazinggggg!
Try the Tuna With Asparagus And Salmoriglio Sauce (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grouper With Artichokes, Olives And Fingerling Potatoes - Excellent dish (via @Foodspotting)
Come as you wish, order as you are. Call for a dirty martini made with BULLDOG Gin. BULLDOG, meet olive juice.
Sundays at 7pm upstairs come sing at Award-Winning Mark Janas' The Salon Open mic! www.markjanasthesalon.com
Get the panacotta!
I've dined here a couple of times and the food has always been excellent with an interesting twist on all the dishes on the menu.  Good bar and the service is excellent.  Great event space upstairs!
The gnocchi is excellent
Rolling out National Pasta Day http://exm.nr/nnq64v
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
New York City Foodies, Restaurant Week has been extended through September! http://exm.nr/nKs9dz
Good food, service, cocktails and fairly priced. Would def go back for dinner.
Nothing just etc about Etcetera Etcetera's Food!
i unlocked 'The Borgias" badge here. :)
For a limited time mention The Borgias on SHOWTIME® to receive a glass of wine or a drink free with your meal.
Great staff. Nice place to celebrate a birthday.
great Valentine's dinner menu. Second floor with piano music for $15 per couple
Casoncelli is best pasta dish we have ever tasted
Get the pumpkin spice drink. Well worth the $12. So delicious but it might be seasonal...
sea bass was great and chocolate cake was incredible!  Wait staff was very attentive..would go back in a minute
Giada Valenti in concert tonite at 8pm with italian american songstickets $2510% off dining with concert tickets
Skirt steak is delicious, also great service!
You must have the Ravioli Casoncelli alla bergamasca
GET THE SKIRT STEAK!  GET THE SKIRT STEAK!  GET THE SKIRT STEAK!  : )
Pizza shop around the corner is the shit! Come here $5 two slices and soda.
step1| try the frozen food section | step2| zap it on high | step3| eat only if you are certain of your medical coverage ||
Don't eat here.
The Fetuccini carbonara is delicious!!!!! Woah!!!!!!
Highly recommend the pizza!  I had alpesto chicken and had then add fresh jalapeños.
If you want traditional pizza Margherita read the menu. Theirs doesn't come with fresh basil. Disappointingly soft and bland.
Best pizza in NYC, south of Arthur Ave in BX!
Best chicken parm I have ever eaten. The owner was awesome. Great food,great service.
Wonderful food, fantastic service and perfect atmosphere. I will go back when I visit NY again
10% off lunch and 15% off dinner at L'Allegria when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
Great pizza. Go around the corner onto 44th Street and sit at the pizza bar. Chat up the pizza chef and watch your pizza get made.
Careful, they are going to charge you at least %18 on your bill automatically! Even if you are a small group
This is my favorite pizza in new York city and I've lived here for 3 years
The female hostess had the audacity to tell me I didn't tip enough and demanded an explanation...will never go back, such poor customer service practices for mediocre food
Cipriano was such an ass about our living social deal here. He's unfortunate looking with a busted diamond earring. Don't bother stopping in...
Don't try to use a livingsocial/ groupon here. They'll treat you like a second class citizen
Great table in the open front window. Service is warm and personable.
The service here, other than the female waitress & doorman is pretty poor. We won't be back. Try other places.
Pizza is awesome, service is great.
My favorite pizza place in NY
Horrible food. Horrible service. Horrible ambiance. Two thumbs down. At least they tried giving their all. But what is two thumbs up is Addictionstore.com
Pasta with the alfredo sauce was great. A tad difficult to keep your glass full, but good food and value!
Try the Everything Bagel with Lox & Cream Cheese - Lots of lox for only $6.50! Great cheap breakfast open 24 hours (via @Foodspotting)
they will scam you for more money. different prices every day i was here.
Cuban Panini is the shizznit
Really good onion rings
Best (and cheapest) breakfast sandwiches in Midtown.
Best breakfast sandwiches in midtown! Best price too! Get any one of them or the platter!
By far, the best bacon, egg and cheese in the area!!
Good veggie burger. Good guys.
Great place!! Lady upgraded my size and gave me extra shots for free after my workout! Wins all across the board
More of a statement than a tip.. BEST STAFF AROUND!
Every time you give a tip, they break into a: "tip tip, hooray!" cheer, which always puts a smile on my fave ;)
Matcha Green Tea with Whey for me :)
Love these guys! A great crew that is always smiling & knows all the regular's names. :)
Get a Jumba juice punch card and the 7th is free :)
Açaí with granola and banana
The have the best steelcut oatmeal. Too bad it's never ready when I swing by (at 6:30 am, even though they open at 6am)
Apple's n greens!!
The Orange Dream Machine tastes exactly like this shake my mom used to make me all the time when I was younger. We got the recipe out of a Sesame Street cookbook. Highly recommended.
Gotta love their Mango A Go Go
No coconut or blackberry at this location!
The creators of the praline! Try the Seduction or Temptation. Try them all!
Stop by 14B Club for a glass of wine or Champagne since u r so close!
I love YSL favorite shoes
Come here to be a poser, go elsewhere for good macarons
Must try the Rose Petal macaroon
Yeah just at the tip of ur tounge! 
The famous macarons certainly have no equal. But at nearly $3.00 apiece, I’m not sure if I’ll be able to indulge in these fine creations on a regular basis.  However they do make a fantastic gift.
Get the salted caramel macaroons, you will not be disappointed!  They go perfectly with a cup of the Marie Antoinette tea :)
Rose petal macarons are the best!
Seemed to lack that explosive something, and was actually a bit dry. Surprisingly, La Maison du Macaron on 23rd st kinda kicks it's ass
I always pay a visit to Laduree when I'm in NY. Visited their Istanbul store as well. Heavenly rose petal macaroons.
<3 <3 <3 la duree. Pistachio and rose petal are my faves. 5/5
Most amazing macaroons and tons of great flavors
The green apple macaron is back. GO...now!
Salted caramel. It's worth it.
"Ladurée, the Parisian patisserie founded in 1862, is often envied for its double-decker macaroons, whose flavors shift with the seasons." As seen in Town & Country, September, 2011, page 58
Amazing French cookies. Nasty smackwothy girls behind the counter.
There's no doubt as to why these are the original, and best, macarons in the world. Crisp on the outside and creamy on the inside, one is just never enough.
Coconut macaron is what you get when you arrive in Heaven. Also available in Ladurée ;)
Best Macaroons in the world!!! Not to mention just walking in makes you feel girly and romantic! Try salted caramel
ROSE PETAL. (Great flavor, and one of their creamiest ganaches.) The citrus based have a jammier interior.  Specify whether you want a [free] pastry box or a [BEAUTIFUL] gift box.
The number of choices can get overwhelming so I'll help you out. Pistachio and salted caramel. Done.
Beautiful packaging and according to my mom, the best macaroons in the world! Fresh daily batches, beats taking a plane to Paris. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Legendary.
My favorite macaron shop from Paris is now on the Upper East Side.
Todd H. is a slut.  Hey grl!  :)
Try EVERY flavor macaron -- a sweet euphoria.
i dream of the rose petal macaron everyday. out of this world.
They're all amazing, but try the coconut macarons, they're especially to die for.
The rose macaron here is lovely. Unlike their "no photos" policy
Salted caramel & rose are my absolute favs!
Love Laudree's macarons I would have them everyday if possible!!
Most pretentious sales reps ever but dear god these are amazing
No amex here
Not a great subway. Chicken was cold, don't take Amex. Still, in a pinch it's still a subway
the new improvements are awesome. Much bigger & cleaner
It good to wake up with a real fruit smooth
Can't beat the $5.99 fresh salads :) you get a huge bowl!
Can't beat the unlimited veggie topping salads, Bloomberg and bloomingdales discount puts it at 7.63. Broccoli for the salad is sub par but you can get the salad chopped if you ask
Discount for Bloomingdale employees.
Decent prices, good cheeseburgers, overall nice place for lunch. Pretty cool that the food is brought to your table.
Good food, nice people, reasonably priced.
Unimited veggie toppings in your salad for $7.... Good deal!
zeyadattiabmw
Chicken Tikka Roll is amazing!!
Get the rice pudding!
Excellent service! Awesome food! BIG portions. YUM!
amazing Indian food, excellent service and great portions! Best Indian food I've had in a while.
$15 gets you a veggie dish, roti, rice & dal! Now that's what I call value! And the food's really good too!
Good service.
Great lunch specials! BYOB. Get the chicken kali mirch w/ garlic naan.
lamb rogan josh, kadai chicken, and chicken tikka masala are all out of this world.
Tall boys are priced ok
Iguana is a blast. If you like salsa dacncing this is the place to go on a Saturday night. The crowd is super friendly and full of amazing dancers who love teaching people new moves.
Try the Spicy Diablo Margarita. It's yummy with just enough heat.
Try the Riazul Anejo tequila!!!  You will love it.
Corn chowder is GOOD. Large portions.
Ask for Isabel she's the best. I love this place
Not worth the price, mediocre food and drinks. Better to go a few blocks to El Centro for some really delicious and reasonably priced Mexican food
Try Riazul Tequila!  Amazing!!!
Beware some pushy dancers
delightful iguana motif even in the ladies room
Try shrimp scampi. Very tasty!
Passion Fruit Mojito is a favorite!!
Customer service sucks! It took 10-15 mins to get a waiter & he never asked how our food was smh...
They have the best brand of hand dryers in the restrooms. Xlerator FTW!!!
GO PREPARED TO DANCE!!
Ate here last year yum
Don't order the calamari..
I had fun for mother day w/ the fam and my mother @ Iguana
The food is way too salty!
The dance skills from the people on the dance floor is on point!
Dance lessons are fun
LIVE BACHATA BAND upstairs tonight! Friday 4/13...  FREE before 8pm. Say you're on Jessica Pena's list for reduced/free admission after 8!
Reduced admission upstairs on Fridays & Saturdays. Say you are on "Jessica Pena's guest list."  Salsa meets Bachata Fridays and Sangria Saturdays upstairs every weekend!
dangerously good mojitos with all kinds of flavors.
Great spot to dance the night away. Blue long island ice teas are strong as hell! I'm a drinker, I'm no lightweight at all, but I was good with 2 of these lol.
Coconut Shrimp, Spicy Margaritas, And Salsa! What More Can I Ask?....    A BAILARRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!
Try the spicy margarita !!!!! Fuego fuego
The express lunch here is awsome
Hip hop downstairs.. Salsa upstairs..
This place sucked monkey balls. Food is crap, and tried to charge me $30 for another table's drinks! Gtfo!
This is where we danced the night away to raise money for SACH!
NO LONGER A PAPA JOHNS. AVOID!
Taking forever to get my pizza. Ugh.
Service is good food is excellent
Smoked Jack. Nothing better
Fast, efficient and cheap for breakfast. The staff eventually recognizes you and knows your regular orders. Great place.
Come around 10 in the am and the pesky crowd is gone
Good and tasty options for vegetarians! Spinach Rolly for lunch and if you eat eggs the Veggie Wrap (add hot sauce) for breakfast--made with egg whites.
Interesting, healthy breakfast sandwiches and wraps.
fast and furious! good food in a hole in the wall. morning guy who takes the orders is friendly and quick.
Chicken teriyaki on Monday is the best!!
great service!
Great prices
Healthy wrap + hot sauce = crazy delicious
Breakfast = Veggie or healthy wrap w/ hot sauce on the side
The thanksgiving sandwich!
It's a madhouse every morning, but the breakfast wraps are worth it, especially the saturday morning wrap. The coffee is also very good.
Midtown is saturated w/ mediocre delis. Hence, lackluster sandwiches. Not the case @ Toasties. Order the Emily Waits: grilled honey maple turkey, melted muenster, spinach, tomato & apple butter sauce.
For vegetarians: get the spinach rolly wrap. AMAZING!
Awesome sandwiches, salads and iced coffee
The guy who takes orders here is incredible. Deserves a raise or even a reality show for his ability to remember every order.
Good bagels!
Try the Sloop Dan B. or Thanksgiving platter from the hot table all the way in the back.
Chix noodle soup is dull
This guy has the best bananas! And he doesn't try and up-sell me apples :)
The Salmon family si the beat roll ever!
Great sushi! Big cuts of fresh fish. A bit on the expensive side but it was worth it. Got the boat for two and it was a little small so I recommend sticking with the deluxe rolls
Sean and Ron, and the rest of the staff are  great!! Used to go here all the time.
Pricey but some of the best creative rolls in the city.
Tonight is the night to live boldly. Go on, call BULLDOG at the bar.
Lycheetini. Delicious. It's pretty much lychee juice with a splash of alcohol
Try the Double Up with Double Cross Vodka - peach puree & iced tea - it's delicious and healthy!
Spicy combo is really good. Nice & spicy!
end your wonderful sushi experience with the chocolate souffle!
Try spicy + crunch combo rolls. Great food, cocktails, and service. A tad expensive.
The freshest sushi in NYC. The server Ron is amazing. A slam dunk.
Ummm... This place is crazy expensive.  Go somewhere else.
Spicy Scallop!
New.York.Roll
Try a Saketini with a Thunder Roll and Aki Roll.
Try their specialty cocktails - the Shanghai and Butterfly!  If you prefer to channel your inner Don Draper, the Old-Fashioned was swell too - served in a rocks glass over an ice block :)
I like the super rainbow roll
Sean the bartender is the best one in manhattan!
Get the ocean chic roll, if you haven't had spicy scallop b4 u NEED to put this in your mouth!
Delicious sushi!!!! And the saketini is good too. Good service
Salmon Family roll: delish
Thunder roll is fantastic
Cool bartenders drinks are great here! Try shanghai mmm delicioso
My favorite was the New York Roll. Very yummy.
Mmmm...miso...
Gyosa and shrimp tempura are a must. Try also the cucumber martini
Two words: Blue Mango
get the Monkey Roll.
Great lunch specials, which is why I go here every day!
Sushi Yasuda is my favorite.  Sushi Damo is #2 in Manhattan.  The bar scene is also underated.  Sean the bartender is the nicest, coolest, fun and warmest bar tender in town.
One of the last wonderful 'family style' restaurants in midtown/UES. Half orders are enormous, no matter what your eyes will bite off more than your stomach can handle, but just go with it.
You can never go wrong with Tony's Penne ala vodka! Delish
Food is ok!  They do serve big portions, but not worth the price. Two pieces of grilled chicken (thin slices) was 15.00 !
This place is filled with over sugared children!  Beware!
Tony's Salad, with arugula and marinated tomatoes, is great.
Chicken parm is fuuuaaaarkkkin good and da calamari is hot doggity dayummmn goood!!!
Try the Tartufo Slice (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tartufo (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken Parmigiana (via @Foodspotting)
Lots of great memories at Tony's. New location is fabulous!
One of my abs fav Italian places. Delicious house salad, chicken parm.
New location is very spacious. Great for families and large groups. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
If you stop in for coffee on a Saturday afternoon, beware. The waitstaff will be annoyed, even if the place is dead.
French toast is the best
Their homemade pasta is the best; papardelle Primavera and fettuccine bolognese = ridiculous. I have dreams about their sauce! Fried olives Mmm. can't beat their prices and the waitstaff is great
Be careful of the homemade pasta, it can be a bit (well a lot) undercooked.  Service is also slow so make sure you don't have anywhere to be right after.
Wow.  Have been coming here for years.  The service has gone completely downhill.  Our waiter was HORRIBLE, drinks came after asking three times, entrees were mediocre.  Last time I will go here.
Just had brunch here & we had a great time.  Love your sun dried olive oil & my egg carpaccio was delectable esp the presentation.  My partner had steak & eggs, his giving it a thumbs UP!  See U soon!
Try the Molten Chocolate Cake - Perfect end to your meal. Includes vanilla gelato which goes well with the chocolate.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ravioli - The sauce is amazing. The ravioli's are stuffed with spinach and cheese. Delicious.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Teaologist tea cocktails!!
Celebrating their 27 year anniversary with new brunch  menu $27 Three Course Bottomless drinks and $10 Two Course Kids Menu.
'New York Magazine' praises the “sprawling, saffron-colored dining room,” large tables and plush seating. It’s just the place to visit with friends and family.
Dinner specials keep you coming back
The raviolis in a truffle cream sauce is so delish!
Deep fried green olives...enough said!!!
Watch out for the bartender that looks like fat Jesus...vicious drinks
Inspection grade: A
Love Petaluma. Not just because Patrick Bateman does too.
BEST PIZZA in the City!
Try the lamb burger (medium-rare was our waiter's suggestion, and it was great!)
The size of the dishes is small, even main course. People go there more for hanging out and drinking rather than food. But nice atmosphere for a Saturday night. The restaurant is small and noisy tho.
Best tapas and sangria on the upper west side.  Sangria is strong and fruity. Best tapas include the lamb burgers and the baked eggplant.
It used to be a great place. But for the past few months quality is less excellent than it used to be, it seems that prices increased and service is slower. What happened? I loved this place
Start or finish with the Croquetas de Queso de Cabra
Lamb burgers were good but the churrasco was better
If u are expecting them to give the check on discount they won't .... Food was good
Lamb burgers, dates in bacon, gambas al ajillo and pretty much everything else...amazing. Authentic Spanish.
Love the bacon-wrapped dates and the red sangria is amazing and goes down like juice...
A great spot for tapas in the UWS.  We recommend the bacon wrapped dates and the lamb sliders.  Perfect for an early or late dinner.
Really outstanding. Get the bacon-wrapped dates and pork belly for sure. Also get the scallop special if it's available. Add in some veggies too; they're small plates. Save room for dessert.
Candlelit and cozy tapas joint with an awesome maître d’ and sommelier – they’ll remember you next time you visit.  We loved the dates, lamb sliders and salt cod croquettes.
The lamb burgers are OFF THE HOOK. Wow.
Bacon. Wrapped. Dates. BOOM
Genuine sopresata!
Goat cheese croquettes to die for!
Boquerones, scrumptious!
The pork belly is indeed a winner!
Bacon wrapped dates, lamb chops, roasted corn, the fried peppers & the goat cheese croquettes are a must!!  & the sangria is amazing! Great staff. Tip well!!
Bacon wrapped dates! Great. Skirt steak awesome. Lamb burgers actually taste like lamb!
lamb burgers and sangria are amazing!
Nice vibe. Tapas food so so
Best tapas! Lamb burgers spicy potatoes and ham and cheese fritters are cray cray good.
all you need is love... and bacon wrapped dates.
Great tapas and friendly, fast service. Must try the garlic shrimp, asparagus, bacalao croquetas and the lamb chops! All so delicious and flavorful! Enjoyed the sangria, too!
Spicy potatoes, sweet corn.
Try the croquetas de champinones
Lamb burger is surprising !
Pork belly. A must. Do it. Great wine list, reasonable. Charming and knowledgeable staff.
The garlic shrimp is excellent!
#FabuLIST The happy hour drinks. Great special from 5-10:30 every day. $5 monitos, $4 wine, $3 beer, and $2 hot sake. Not sure how the sushi is though.
Melon mojito is amazing !
Very nice people. Fast and clean.
Great food. Great service. Absolutely GREAT drink specials. One of my hidden treasures.
Amazing Sushi and $5 Cocktails. You can't lose.
Service here has taken a serious dive. The older hostess is extremely rude. They have now cut their delivery zone significantly. Any place with a B in the window should step up their service...
Good food.  Best thing is the daily happy hour from 5pm to 10pm which includes wine and $6 caipirinhas!
I ordered through Seamless, and it's definitely the best Asian food I've ever had. Ever. I can't wait to actually sit down and enjoy the atmosphere!
Buenísimo! El spicy tuna crunchy roll que viene en el Sushi Time y el Yellowtail Jalapeño son muy buenos. Porciones abundantes :)
5-10:30 happy hour makes the awful unchanging techno bearable.
Best salmon I've had in a while.
They deliver all the way up to 150th. Worth the wait!!
Batman's favorite BBQ
Great food! Try sushi and pad thai.
Soooo good!
They have luch special 7 days a week. The salad is nice
Everything is good!  End the night with the flaming ice cream!
Amazing Uptown Pan Asian Restaurant with a Soho look and feel ambiance. It's all good! Moderately priced.
Didn't like the Jumbo Shrimps on the small plate menu. Weird tasting sauce & shrimps were a bit tough. Soft Shell blue crab roll really good & great Strawberry margaritas. Happy Hour every day.
Yum! My fave!
Symphony Space members get a 10% discount on the entire bill at Asia Kan. Sign up and save!
Happy hour is 5 to 11 every day!  $5 Pineapple mojitos :D
one of my favorite spots in the hood!  Great food and great service!
Very good sushi and customer service. Happy hour from 5-11
Make sure you order the Shrimp Tempura, it's the best!
If you want to splurge get the Sea Bass....OMG heaven!
Best sushi ever!! All appetizers are delicious.
Try the Dinosaur and the Spicy Snow White rolls.  They're really quick with take-out if you go in or call - the Flash Web site is really confusing.
oooo wasabi shumai has a good kick
Epitome of a sushi lounge. Great drink specials from 5-11pm everyday.
Great drink specials! Pama Mojito is tasty :)
Great friendly service! Amazing chocolate croissants.
Great selection of ingredients for the create-a-salad. Fresh greens and delicious dressings.
The Monte Cristo panini is amazing. Get it! Also like the service, always friendly whenever I eat here.
Really everything is good here, but the BBQ chicken pizza is the best.
Over priced .... some one need to have a morning food. Cart and charge half
Everything bagel has no salt on it... Surprisingly, the pizza Is actually pretty decent though.
Don't get the bagels. It's soft and doesn't taste good. Hooch over to Barney Greengrass instead.
good iced coffee
Monte cristo panini is the best!
Create your own salad - fresh & tasty ingredients!
Good breakfast, shame about the miserable guy who served us...
Chocolate croissants to die for
diet coke and pizza
Blueberry muffins = morning ritual.
Only Jose should make ur sandwich
Good sandwiches
One of the best cheese slices I've ever had. At $2 I don't see a better deal in the UES.
Nutella = crack. And I'm not talking about the powder sprinkled on top of the cakes either. :D
Talk w Ciro about House music. He's legit
Incredible authentic Neapolitan Margarita pizza for $2. Nutella pizza. Pellegrino sodas.
Get the Marguerite bufala slice.
Best pizza in the area hands down
Slices aren't bad for the area tho a lil pricey
Bruschetta is awesome and the white Campana is my favorite!
The potato and gorganzola slice is really something. different and tasty!
Good pizza!
Try the Campana Pizza and spot it on Foodspotting!
great pizza...
Healthy and fulfilling order: egg whites, spinach, and turkey bacon on a toasted English muffin = $4.90 at breakfast. Don't let them tell you its an omelet.
Cubano panini + guacamole + chipotle mayo = YUMMY!
Try the veggie cream cheese!
Toasted muffin with butter makes a simple tasty breakfast.
Great OJ and bacon, egg and cheese Bagel!
Cake is not as good as it looks
Bad institutional office coffee.
$6.50 for a salad with unlimited toppings. Do it.
Whole. Wheat. Everything. Bagel. That's right.
Cash only < $5. Good bagel selection. Sodas kinda pricy
Smoked Norwegian Salmon bagel - do it!
Great iced coffee!
A decent find if you're looking to get breakfast all day.
I love their breakfast and the fresh juice!
Floors & chairs are so dirty.
Why hello Artezin by the glass. So nice to have you with my steak!
Try the English Fish And Chips (via @Foodspotting)
Good thing Redeye Grill is so close to New York City Center because at least once while Bethany runs we WILL try this lobster roll everyone is talking about.
Вкусно и дорого;) бесплатный wi-fi ;)
Уютный,красивый интерьер.Очень вкусный американский суп,не очень вкусная паста с уткой.
Местечко заебись.
Great bread, classy atmosphere
Televangelist Joel Osteen indulges in the organic chicken at this American Fusion favorite.
Ask for a Hendricks and Tonic with cucumber. Waiter went to check if they had and and came back with chopped cucumber asking if that was ok. Um, NO
Try the Fried Oyster Brochette (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Royal Miyagi Oysters (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Oysters - Ram Island, Naked Cowgirl..... (via @Foodspotting)
Great (relatively quiet) midtown option for important meetings. Attire, menu, prices and atmosphere reflect sophisticated business clientele. Large area & well-spaced tables = conversation privacy.
Tourist trap.  Food is decent but not exceptional.  Expect to pay 20% more than you would for better in a less traveled neighborhood.
Redeye Grill is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
The banana cream pie is ridiculously amazing.
Great place if you are eating with vegetarians!
Staying at West 57th St by Hilton Club? You can get room service from Redeye Grill and have it charged to your hotel bill.
Lobster Roll. Just do it!
Cant go wrong with Cobb salad or onion soup.
Food was 3 out of 5. Convenient location for Carnegie Hall. Service was good. All in all just ok. Probably won't go back.
Go with suggestions from wait staff and Dancing shrimp!
Guac is good, but $17? Not so much.
Guac is amazing, but could feed 4 people not 2
The Lobster Roll is not worth $28, but the fries are delicious.
The tuna salad is amazing!
Try the lobster roll. You won't regret it!
Amazing seafood. So fresh.
I was craving Alaska king crab. Got king crab scampi here.  Delicious.
Banana cream pie!!
I rather walk three extra blocks than go to the corner deli. Whatever you crave,this deli has from burgers to fresh mixed salads made to order. Beware: Gets rather packed during lunch time
Everything is good!!!! Love the Little Italy
Salads are good and a great price but be ready to wait a LONG time during anytime of the day even if there's no one there.
Their sandwiches and prices are amazing! I love the Little Italy!
Get the Rice Crakers!!! U wont find it Any other plac in th city!!!!
Turkey burger with mozzarella, pickles and lettuce. #yourwelcome
SALADS!!!! AWESOME!!!!
The coffee is actually really good!
Toooo damn slow
The salads are worth the wait!
Dave is the best! I'd chose here over the corner store anyday!
Try the Yankee Special.  Tasty, cheap and the guys here are super friendly.  Just remember they shut the grill down at 11!
People here are great and their food is really nice. The only thing that I don't like here is the fact that they made me be addicted to <3 chocolate Grahams <3.
Sometimes there's a line.
Get your Dutch from down the block & save a whole quarter!!
The best garlic knots in the city. Better than any other Famiglia location too!
Love the pizza!  Loud, loud, loud!  They slam the pizza ovens and the music is always cranked.  Don't go for leisure.  Go for great pizza!
Been coming here for 12yrs and counting. LOVE their pizza and the workers are ALWAYS nice!
Make sure you double check menu item prices. Menu says 1.25 for a can of soda, I was charged 1.50 and when I asked they told me it was wrong. Very annoying.
Really good thick crust pizza. The staff, on the other hand, feels like they hate their lives :(
Food is great and inexpensive!
Best slice in Manhattan.  Period.
The pizza is good and the garlic knots are delicious! Plenty of seating and good delivery too.
Try the garlic knots!
Yankee pizza! Also this is the BEST of the famiglias in NYC
Primavera pizza - best slice I ever had.  Their special is also pretty good.
Lunch features beef "cigars" served with hummus, hefty turkey burgers with thick portobello mushrooms or pan-seared tuna filets. Desserts include a winning chocolate lava cake and apple pie a la mode.
Lied about fixed new years menu.. Would never go back!! Terrible service!
Service ok ,but everything is easy and fast .
Clean an well stocked.  An the crew seems real nice and helpful...
green apple slurpees <3
bring back the diet cherry vanilla dr pepper fountain soda!!!! ...don't knock it till you try it.
79c for 16 of those cream sandwich cookies
Make your coffee with french vanilla creamer and whipped cream. Trust me on this. I am the mayor, after all.
Sausage egg cheese sandwich, set to 400 degrees for 12 minutes
don't do the hotdog....
do it for the team!
sneak some rum into the Pina Colata slurpee, can't go wrong...
don't get the old hotdogs...
get the slurpee.
Breakfast is good and not Mid-Town expensive.
Is crowded in the morning with all the construction workers.
Philly cheese steak is GREAT!
If they're serving tortilla soup that day- get it!  It's really delicious.
Great staff! Very accommodating and yummy reasonably priced menu! Fabulous date place- quiet (not too quiet), low lighting and intimate
delish lambrusco! it's like a cross between red wine and champagne! instant party in the mouth!!
Take advantage of the happy-hour special: Buy one glass of pinot grigio, Bordeaux or rosé and get the second one half off (from 5-7 p.m. daily). The cozy spot also has semi-regular jazz nights.
Happy hour from 5-7 includes a free (small but tasty) buffet of meats and breads. Yum.
They have delicious Bloody Marys. We asked for extra spicy with extra olives and they didn't disappoint!
Go with a lasagna choice and skip the garlic bread. Service will be slow if you are with a larger group.
Fabulous neighborhood restaurant with a quaint and cozy vibe. If you are looking for something traditional with a twist, try the crab meat lasagna. Absolutely delicious!
Good food and wine for decent prices.  Loved the spicy penne vodka and prosciutto lasagna!
Midtown East and Chelsea- $10.95 for brunch item with $7 AYCD option in Midtown East or $12.95 for brunch item with $9 AYCD option in Chelsea
$9.95 bottomless drinks with a choice off their brunch menu
Balsamic chicken is always good. Staff is very accommodating and garlic bread is delicious. Hubby loves their gluten free pasta:)
I had ceasar' salad & asked for salmon instead of chix .They accommodated me, thanks a bunch!  I've been coming here for quite awhile now.  My incognito partner had chicken parm, his usual.
Don't feel pressured to get the Lasagna if you're here. Its good, but not amazing. The rest of their pastas are still impressive. Their table bread has more seasons on it than a calendar, so load up!
Try the Four Cheese Lasagna - Gorgonzola, Parmesan. Mozzarella and ricotta. (via @Foodspotting)
The eggplant lasagna is great!!!
Try the spicy vodka sauce.
Make sure to get the tiramisu. One of the best in the city
Lasagna wasn't bad... But the pasta part was a little too hard. Could use a little more cooking and more sauce.  Staff was very nice and I did like their service... Next time I'll try the flounder.
Four cheese lasagna is unbelievable !
Best lasagna in town!
Best lasagna in town!
Bathrooms clean.  Waiters very nice and helpful.  They shooed away some rude bullies.
Waited an hour here for food, wasn't given water and the bathrooms have no toilet paper.  The food was ok when we did get it.  Ultimately, stay away!
The mussels are a must!
Simply the best! You never know who you will see here.
Take your dessert to go and head over to waterfall park
From the moment we walked in, we were spellbound.  The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.  The escargot was terrific, and the dinners excellent.  All around perfection!
The only place for cous cous
Ask about "Bucky"
Bucky and the staff are the absolute best
A cozy neighborhood fav. We see Emeril here a lot. Love the lamb with couscous. Comes with amazing broth u pour over the couscous. Best French Fries (pomme frites) around!
Bucki's burger is a must. The merguez with frites is a great bite.  Don' forget the onion tarte!!!!!
Tell them at the door you are friends of gov. Ray.K.
order the Assiette de Sorbets as your desert - the champagne sorbet is to die for.
You could get the table by the window for some serious people watching, or you can just sit at the bar with me, your bartender. You pick ;)
The menu is varied mostly Italian/American. Chef is the real deal as is the staff. Pro service and tasty food. Sat-Sun bottomless brunch is hands down the best deal on UES. Carly at the bar, see her.
Very good red wine
Their rigattoni is yummms-ville
I'd recommend one thing but everything I've had is fabulous!  Italian food made by an Italian. It's a win!
Good food at a decent price. Legit boozy brunch without skimping on the booze (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It's a legit boozy brunch... They don't skimp on the booze.
Don't get the lasagna.
Good atmosphere, great food. Don't mistaken the green chili pepper for string bean lol or you will have a burning surprise!
This is my "Cheers". Good people behind the bar, always. Lively, intelligent conversation and friendly atmosphere. ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Shady liquor practices here? I ordered a rye neat and received a perfect measure of... water. The excuse? "we rinsed out the bottle." no. I believe that is illegal.  beware watered down booze!!!
The truffled omelete souffle is the best truffle dish, hands down!
Try the malted milk ball sundae
The restaurant exudes grace and class–perfect for a tasteful meal without the stress of a scene. Good to know: Reservations are essential–we suggest booking at least a few weeks in advance.
Luv the squab.
Perfect spot for brunch which is a two course prix fixe menu.  Don't miss out on the brioche French toast or the omelette souffle.
A decidedly old-school (and old-money) restaurant where you’ll have a really memorable meal!  Try the Cauliflower Custard, Roasted Rabbit and the Sauteed Spinach.
Everything was delicious ended the meal with the maple creme brûlée.. Phenomenal
A favorite brunch spot. Pricy but you get a beautiful brunch with a phenomenal bread basket—I'm a sucker for brunch bread baskets. Also a good place for a special occasion dinner.
Check out the special menu and paired wines for the 80 Sips Challenge 2011 from May 16-27
Vampires. Seriously, watch yourself. Trust no one.
The egg nog is STUNNING
The espresso sundae is AMAZING even if you don't like caramel or espresso. It is huge and enough for two people. Get it for dessert!!!!
Best martini in the city by far. Don't miss the opportunity to order one. Just don't...
watch out for the TVPD.
Clubhouse dining for the Volvos-and-hope set, with excellent service, beautiful steaks, a smoked-sturgeon appetizer worth three times its price.
Eat at the bar whenever possible, especially if Seth or Dan are on duty.
Great wines at good prices are coming out of southwest France: Opt for the Grenache/Syrah from Domaine de Chantegut.  Sophisticated wine with raspberry-cherry flavors and underlying earthiness.  Enjoy
Had a great pork chop at the bar and some nice red wine. Great way to celebrate a new listing on the UWS!
Went here for my bday and it was a great dining experience.
My grandmother made me tripe as a child and I hadn't had it for a long time. When I saw it on the menu I had to order it and it was fantastic. Try the tripe.
sunday brunch is awesome
Tom Valenti is one of my oldest and dearest friends in the restaurant biz! Just an all around good guy and talented too! Tell him, Paul Zweben sent you!
Double mocha cappuccino is to die for!
Parma sandwich on wheat olive roll. Delish!
Steak and cheese quesadilla is a must have!
One of the best things to order are the Super Nachos!!!!...although you'll hate yourself in the morning lol
Their apricot pastry is one of the tastiest treats I have ever eaten! Fresh bread available daily as well.        FYI, they open at 9:30 on Sundays.... Opening hours are not posted on door.
chocolate chip pecan cookie. get it.
Good caviar!
No Ceviche in this place ???
Brunch until 7pm, a must do. Few seats though
Extrema demora se toman con mucha calma la atención por lo demás todo bueno
Petrossian is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
Those who judge a restaurant by the bread will be in heaven as you are served the amazing dinner rolls that are sold next door. Highly recommend American caviar, cod, and octopus salad.
Great place to get canelés.
This place sucks, do not go in!
Try the Pain Perdu - Best French toast ever!  (via @Foodspotting)
Perfect Eggs Benedict.
Croque Monsieur is fantastic and you can substitute the ham for fresh turkey. Delicious. The butternut squash soup is also lovely. Wait staff were likely trained in Paris given their lack of warmth
OK, if you're like me you can't afford it; but if you're like me you've got to LOVE the building in which Petrossian is located -- Alwyn Court has the most opulent façade for miles around -- enjoy it!
Best coffee in the city!
olive fougasse and croissants
Best tarts ever!
THEY HAVE ONE THE BEST CROSSANTS I'VE EVER TASTED TRUE FRENCH SPIN ON IT!
Amazing croissant!
Amazing! Ask for the Petrossian selection and choose from the caviar menu! Loved the transiberian caviar.
We love their plain and marzipan- and nut-laden pistachio croissants, insanely chocolatey, crispy chocolate chip cookies, blackberry-almond danishes, and blueberry tarts with crisp, flaky crusts.
Like Caviar ? Go for it, The best of the best here!!
Is the best restaurant to eat caviar with champagne. The f-gras and smoked sable are fenomenal
Offers about a dozen single-malt scotches, but least expensive (Glenlivet & Glenfiddich) are $18. At least, they serve a double!
Specializes in caviar, but basic menu is excellent, too. Pricey.
Order an almond croissant...you will love it!!
grab a pain au chocolat before you leave. Buttery and flaky like a crossaint but with a chocolate surprise.
Sampler appy is great - nice spread of caviar, f-gras and smoked sable. Duck entree was delicious!
Pre theater menu is not good, food prepped beforehand tastes like it's been sitting in the window for a bit
marvelous food, great service, especially considering we were with 12 persons
Wonderfully great kosher gelato, but they've GOT to do something about the weird, angular, and leaky "cups" they use to serve it in!
Honey crisp gelato was awesome
Apple cider sorbet
Try mixing the Cap'n Crunch WITH the Nutella Brownie. Perfection.
Good, fresh gelato served up here with lots of flavors to choose from.  Look out for a person out front giving out free samples, it seems they're always there!
Many of the flavors seem silly and gimmicky, but are actually quite delicious!  Try the Cap’n Crunch, the Butter Cookie or the Cookies & Screme.
They're kosher!  And they go kosher for Passover every year too!
really good gelato but so pricey!! almost $6 for a tiny scoop!
The Biscotti gelato is amazing!
Snickers flavor is fantastic!!!!!
Three words: Ferrero Rocher Gelato
Original gelato flavors.  Cant go wrong.  You can try all the flavors and call it a night too!
Try the Beef Sausage And Veal Meatball Sliders (via @Foodspotting)
Try the anti pasta board! Best cured meat in the world!!!
They serve peach gelato in a frozen, hollowed-out peach. Perfect to go with your white wine and an afternoon of summer people-watching.
Great place to come with kids. Spacious. Menu options for everyone. Very classy but not high end. Make sure you leave room. You'll leave full.
The Sambuca Tower will change your life. Even if you don't like bananas!
Try the mozzarella "French Toast". Fantastic!
Family Style dishes...so don't over order! . Make sure one person is delegated to order for the group its less confusing! They accommodate large groups of 15 or more! Great service!!!
Great spot. Awesome family-style dishes. And finishing with a sambuca and an espresso...well...that's how it's done, people.
They accommodate large groups, like the Papal army. If only they had any reason to celebrate…
Food, drinks, and service were good.
Order a bloody Mary from Alison. Best in the city!
Great for groups. Order a bunch of family-style dishes and share. The pesto is the freshest in town!
Pesto chicken!
Try the wine, its divine.
The cauliflower appetizer is amazing!!!!
The chicken tika-masala is to die for.
Beautiful decor and atmosphere, from the water cups to table settings and bar. This is my go-to spot for Indian food on the upper west side.
Best palak paneer ever!
The food is very good here, but the hostess needs to know how to work the door. She told us a few minutes for a table but after 30 minutes, we were still not seated - and she was no where to be seen.
Paneer tikka masala is heaven . All chicken dishes can be replaced with Paneer for vegan guests
Lasooni gobi is a good appetizer
The Mango Lassi is amazing.
Try the rice pudding. Best Indian dessert ever.
I love this place!  Brunch was Delish!
Two entrees feeds me for three days
They have a 11 dollars buffet on weekends.
Best Northern Indian food this side of Murray Hill. Lamb chops are excellent, love the tamarind sauce, dahl is good, samosas are perfect.  Great service too. No wonder it's packed.
If the Vindaloo seems too mild, order the Bhuna Ghost "spicy."
They have a special chicken tandoorithat use mango and sour cream. De-lish.
Great food, great service, reasonable prices. First-rate weekend buffet.
Get the all-you-can-eat weekend buffet at Indus Valley.  Delicious!!
try the chicken tikka and Nan.
They don't accept the Foursquare special
Good Chopped Liver
Tongue Sandwich lunch special!!
Great place for a valentines day date
Best motza ball soup on UWS.
Second only to the 2nd avenue deli
Eeeeeeat FRESH!
Get the red velvet cupcake. Dooooo it.
Very good red velvet cupcake!
The humming bird cupcake is pretty good.
I got a slice of the red velvet cake, wouldn't recommend... the icing was okay, but the cake was dry and not very flavorful.
These guys here are brain dead! Stay away.
Like seriously the best cake I've encountered in a while
Like a second home. Great food and staff. They will make you whatever you want.  I recommend the seafood pasta in red sauce, chicken parm, spaghetti and meatballs to name a few. Enjoy!!!
Food was good. Had the Chicken Parm and my wife had Fettucini Alfredo. Big portions. Waiter was no Mr. Personality, but not bad. Nice atmosphere.
Live boldly tonight, thanks to BULLDOG Dry London Gin. It's time for a BULLDOG and soda, don't you think?
Great neighborhood spot and kid friendly. We brought our newborn in early one night with the stroller/bassinet and they were very accommodating - window table up front. Highly recommend this place.
This is a great neighborhood italian. Food is well prepared, specials are always interesting. Very family friendly, food, service and price wise.
This place is great, I've been going there for years.  The owner is actually a great guy.  The food is awesome, get the chicken pram or chicken romana.
Mediocre food. TERRIBLE service. The owner has NO IDEA how to relate to patrons.
The owner is creepy and hit on my date. Gross.
Fabulous food and service! Try the quiche with arugula salad for lunch. And cappucino to die for!
Amazingly fresh pastry selection. Gigantic salad portions! Iced Americana my fav here .
Don't be fooled by their vegetable soup special. It's canned tomatoes, frozen veggies, heated up in broth. Yuck
Very inattentive service, but that makes it a great place to lounge and hang out for a few hours.
Love the Belgium Waffle with chocolate
Watermelon cooler drink is amazing!
Paris ham and aged gruyere tartine sandwich with a side of belgian hot chocolate. They have great bread too.
great organics things!
The five grain raisin loaf will make you quit Atkins.
Try the ice water, the heating is on full!
Try the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich.
Get the green tea muffin!
2 shots of espresso over ice in large cup + hazelnut flute = lite breakfast of champions.  Enough said.
Number 6 with chipotle sauce is by far best special they have
The school kids that smoke near the door and listen to their music on speaker are lame.
SoupOR Sandwich is how it is spelled --- everything here is good, especially the grilled paninis.
Number 12 is the best!
Best chicken tortilla soup- although they rarely have it.
These dudes make a great lobster bisque.  Try it if you're in the area
Renamed with updated menu - now Paninoteca.
Paninis and gazpacho soup is to die for
Best mangu EVER! Cozy, stylish, internet cafe.  Owners are very friendly.  Great service
Try the Pad Se-ew - New fav, like the noodles better than pad thai. (via @Foodspotting)
Delicious appetizers. Indian pancake especially.
Try the Chicken Satay, Grilled Pork Chops or Chicken Parm. Their delivery servings are generous too.
They gave us wine on the house. Not sure why.
Try the chicken with peanut sauce!
Ah finally found the tip jar.  Four seasons spice here we go....
Order the Twitter roll!
Be prepared to spend a bunch of money.
Amazon Lockers @ this location KOOL!!!!!
This place blows on every level. It is a matter o last resort. Whole foods is cheaper.
Get a DAG card - save you lots.
Grossly overpriced. You should go to Mani  Market at Columbus and 94 instead. :-)
Cash only, avoid atm fees.
$1 slices can't be beat
The Young Chow fried rice is so good!
$2 red velvet cupcake is so good!  Oh and the carrot cake is pretty legit, too.
Carrot Cake was ok, but the Red Velvet cupcake was awesome! And it was only $2. Highly recommend.
Never liked carrot cake till I came here. Yum.
Go here for lunch! 3 rolls for $10.50 and a lot of other great specials
Excellent!!! Generous fish in rolls!
The whitetail taquito is amazing!!
Decent food + friendly host + uninspired service = mediocre dining experience
get the rock shrimp tempura!
Good for kids.  Mine like the lunch bento.  Clean and fast.  Wish they used short grain rice.
Shrimp tempura is pretty  good!
Good food. They delivered a decent sized order in 14 minutes last night!
Not particularly great food, but at least it's not as overpriced as most Manhattan sushi places.
get the Spicy Shrimp Tempura roll
Say hi to my ladies Emilie and Constance of Le Fooding!
Welcome to our mobile tour! Stop by for a free souvenir photo and test your skills at Brisksaber, the mobile game from Brisk and Star Wars®: Episode I 3D. That's Brisk, baby!
Get there early before it gets busy for lunch and get custom made rolls.
Don't be fooled by the Penn Station location, pretty good sushi. Especially on the go!
good for on the go and i love the triangle rolls :)
Don't take Amex, but that's not stopping me from take out for the train.
The pork soup dumplings are amazing and way tastier than Joe's. Get it.
Rude staff, amazing crab and pork soup dumplings!
Amazing pork soup dumplings and awesome fortune cookie fortunes.
Best soup dumplings. Must do Chelsea spot.
Get the Aui Zhou Spicy Chicken spicy and crispy from the "fresh chicken" menu (C6). Best thing I've eaten at a Chinese restaurant in years, if not ever. Pork scallion dumplings are a great choice too.
Get away from the gallery crowd at this unpretentious Chinese restaurant known for their soup dumplings and extensive menu of both authentic Sichuan and Americanized chinese dishes.
Get away from the gallery crowd at this unpretentious Chinese restaurant known for their soup dumplings and extensive menu of both authentic Sichuan and Americanized chinese dishes.
They start closing around 10.30 and you will have five pairs of eyes like daggers on you as they try to make you leave. Great food just watch out for this.
It's decent American Chinese food, but go to Chinatown for the real thing
Hot and spicy. Means hot and spicy. Also get pork soup dumplings!
Try the pork buns they are to die for!
Service sucks but food is amazing enough to look past that.
Pork soup dumplings are ripping!!  Make it happen.
Chicken with lotus roots is excellent. Try a cold Chinese draft beer, Tsingtao.
Good food, but all employees stop at 3pm to have their own lunch. Around 15 people in the restaurant tables. Never seen this before
looks good from the window - never been in to this store - BUT a "friend" that lives on 24th always made me stop and chit chat with the people cummin out all the time
Soup dumplings is a must. Best thing on the menu.
See actors from 30 Rock here
Delicious Chinese to go
Crab and pork soup dumplings... Mmmmm!!!
Grand Sichuan229 9th Ave (at W 24th), New York, NY 10001(212) 620-5200
Shrimp dumplings in sesame oil.
The service sucks. Go with an open mind, a good sense of humor, and a hearty appetite.
Incredibly rude. They have a B rating. And would not serve me when I showed up 30 minutes before closing on my birthday! Really?
As usual, great food, good prices, with service that veers between surly and uninterested.
The soup dumplings are amazing.
Aui Zhou Chicken!
Food's very good. Service is abysmal, though. Know that going in. Up to you to decide if you want to take your business to any number of other quality and respectable Chinese places in the city.
Unassuming Sichuan restaurant that is an awesome place for groups to share family style eating – and they serve some of the BEST soup dumplings in the city.
Tasty food.  The pork soup dumplings will not disappoint.
Kreme filled is better than masturbation
Add some zest to your day with our new lemon and lime doughnuts: Glazed Lemon Cake with Cream Cheese Icing and Key Lime KREME™ Pie.
Too bad we cant see the hot doughnuts on the line
krispyyyyy
original glazed.
The only location in NYC for our favorite doughnuts.  Just get a dozen of the original glazed and set aside a few gym days to work off these diet busters.
Red Velvet Donut is good.
Food of the Gods. No other doughnut compares.
Cuando están frescas HAY que comprarlas
Boston Kreme...just what I deserve for having 2 separate dance concerts, 3 shows, in 2 different cities in 1 afternoon!! It's THE best donut!!
No café car? No problem. Hit Krispy Kreme for a tasty onboard treat.
Finally open again!
Buy a bunch of glazed doughnuts and put them in the microwave for 10 secs. each when you get home.  Totally heavenly indeed.
Heavenly fresh doughnuts, my favorite
Always closed
Wasn't open this morning 8:30AM...
Everytime I am in the city for meetings, I stop here for a couple of donuts.  Very convenient being right up the stairs from my train.
Try the Spicy Noodles - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Try the edamame - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Lunch specials are a great deal. The curry is great.
If you like techno and dance music like me, you will love this place. Good music and yummy food, priceless!
If you like to spy on people while you pee and eat cheap spicy and delicious Thai, this is the place for you.
Don't underestimate the fruitilicious mojito! It gets to me after my very first round! And I have high alcohol tolerance!
Get the mock duck and you won't be sorry :-)
Bathroom is sketchy.
Dark and see thru bathroom.  Fun and sexy.
Bathroom is Very sexy
Pad See Ew too salty
Don't eat dumplings. Pad Thai and Papaya Salad are good.
THIS BATHROOM IS MAD CRAZY
The bathroom is do nice and clean!!   Also, got an "A" health grade
Liked the food, atmosphere and the service was great! Totally recommend.
Drink a couple mojitos and then go to the bathroom.
Going to the bathroom here is an experience.
Love the Soft Shell Crab.
If you are vegetarian, say so 5 times. I said it 4x and apparently that was not enough to get the Tofu soup I ordered. Speak clearly. With eye contact.
Food is pretty good and atmosphere is great! Some language barrier with servers and drinks are watered down. Slightly overpriced compared to it's neighborhood competition.
Go for the lunch special for a cheap, filling meal. Great service, mediocre food.
Unimpressive
Great deal of happy hour from 5-8pm with mojito just $6 and mimosa just$5
Omg! The Cozy Tom Ka coconut soup is divine! The small bowl was thick with vegetables and chicken -- delicious way to start a meal!
The yum-yum grilled chicken salad is delicious, but small portioned--plan it a a first course
Fantastic lunch special comes to 7.60 with tax. Super speedy service and I love the veggie pineapple fried rice!
Fried ice-cream
Lemongrass Martini is very tasty
$7 lunch specials.
Beef empanadas and gazpacho are the perfect pairing
Vegan friendly Latin spor
One empanada isn't usually enough for a meal, but the happy hour special of one and a coffee for five bucks is pretty solid.
Was excited to try the beef & cheese, but realized there was no cheese after just two bites. Also the crust wasn't the best. Thumbs down, guys. The guy working the counter was nice, so...there's that.
Spicy chicken is the best! $4 and so filling!
Seems intriguing but they just pop a pre-cooked empanada in the microwave and you eat it soggy. Get a hot pocket instead.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO
By far the best spinach artichoke dip!!!
Giant glasses of wine though.
Service is shockingly slow for lunchtime rush
Avocado club egg rolls are AMAZING and filling! You won't be disappointed
Try the espresso martini.
The best Cobb Salad!
If you and a friend are going to get a glass of Moscato wine, just buy a bottle. Reg. glass = $7 x 2 = $14. Whole bottle = $19.
Came here shared a Margarita Pizza with my girlfriend, really nice wait staff and the pizza was really tasty!
Get the thin bread pizza, it's DELICIOUS!! <3,<3
Try the ceasar salad with salmon.
Kung Pao spaghetti is the bomb!!!
the mexican pizza along with margarita's and you can't go wrong!
Try the Artichoke, Parmesan and Arugula Salad (via @Foodspotting)
They DON'T do half pizzas here!!!!
Really good pizza in the city with a really cool wood fire oven behind the bar.
Try t'he mushroom pizza and ask for extra thin crust. Yummy!
Peach Lemonade.....
Yesss for that Caramel Sundae!!
Оченьвкусная :) пицца и пасты :) приятного аппетита
Try the pizza.
Having the jambalya! Yum!
Strawberry lemonade is sweet but rocks the house. If you want bread, you have to ask for it, it's their policy.
Very fast service.  Thin crust pizza is doughy (not crispy). Seasame chicken dumpling sauce is delicious but the dumplings are a little slimy.
Cherry limeade is proof that God loves us!
Great food, huge plates and extremly afordable!
Great service by Manager Phil for a large group. However the waiter had a near heart attack when we asked to split the bill between cards.
The Penne pasta with shrimp is great!
Make sure to take your receipt and bring it back within 7 days to receive 20% of your next visit! DINE IN ONLY
Their teas come with lemon! And honey!
Been going here for over a decade, love it!
the seafood risotto is divine
Keep your head up because this is a celeb hotspot. Other than people watching our choice is and always will be any seafood dish but especially the lobster pasta flown in from Canada.
Chicken cheesesteak with whiz and onions. And don't forget the Italian fries.
Best buffalo chicken sandwich of my life
Chicken cheesesteak with whiz and onions. And don't forget the Italian fries.
Best buffalo chicken sandwich of my life
Hey foodies! Check out my photos from the Taste of LIC 2012 Event here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/artfulgourmet/sets/72157630594510352/
$20 cover charge at the door on Saturday night for guys and girls. Not worth it IMO for this out of the way spot.
Vodka mojitos are amazing....says my non pregnant friends :)
The Ezme or Hummus app. are top notch.
Happy meal woman. So delishious I am bringing take home to my boyfriend.
Seems they are still working out the kinks. I placed my order twice with 2 different people. And yet they gave me a wrap over pita. The falafel wrap tastes pretty good.
Meze cold platter. Awesome!
Felafel Sandwich was surprisingly bland.  Fries were surprisingly awesome.
The lahmajun pizza is on another level! Don't forget to squeeze lemon over it!
The pink lemonade is to die for
Love this place best Margarita in the city!!!
Definitely try a margarita! They're very strong but very delicious! Make sure to get a flavor.
Best place to get a Margarita in NYC!!! They have tater tots what more can I say!!! lol
$5 for a pbr? Go fuck yourself. Wish I knew that before I ordered it. They didn't even give me a hand job.
Tater tots ya'll. And amazing grilled cheese.
Get the serious nachos and share them with 2! :)
Love this place
The frozen margaritas. That's all.
Three words- Veggie Sloppy Joe
Order the sloppy Joe
This is the worst bar I've visited so far in new york....the bartender is the trucker hat is an ass and gave me the wrong credit card #awfuk
they have a good veggie burger n maybe the best nachos in town - yep!
margaritaville
Start with a pitcher of margarita and finish with the "Mother-In-Law's Revenge" Burger with either Sweet potato fries or tots. Amazing.
Strong margaritas and very tasty!  Not too tangy and heartburn free.
Get the trailer park themed tiki drinks
Be sure to check out the Tonya Harding shrine in the revolving case! Amazing!!!
Mittens Romney loves this place!
Come for the food, taps are running a bit stale.
The tater tots are crazy delicious. Show up for happy hour and get a frozen margarita.
Order the sweet potato fries. They're crispy and sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar --- like sweet potato French toast.
Sit in the rocking lawn chairs
Does it get any better than tots and champagne in a can?  No. That's heaven right there.
Mango margarita. $5. Yummy and strong. Win-win!
OMG! Just had lunch there the other day....
Omg tater tots chilli and cheese whiz
Margaritas? Fantastic. BLT? Awesome. Tater tots? The best around. Craving sweet potato fries? Yes. If this is your situation, you will love it here.
Google gives this place a one $ rating & bud light bottle costs 6 bucks. Hmmm???
Cheap food and even cheaper beers. Not to mention the fabulous ambience. Get the tater tots smothered in cheese and bacon, and wash it down with a Yuengling.
The bouncer is a dickhole.
Chocolate raspberry crumbcake: Heaven!
Fine pizza, but $4.75 per slice. #tooexpensive
Baked ziti pizza is the best in NYC.
Lasagna pizza is the way to go
Lasagna slice, awesome
Don't believe the hype, this place sucks
I love this place, always order from here, great pizza n the guy who owns it is pretty nice too
Awsome pizza
Eat down the block for tastier healthier pizza. Revd u pi 31st and 3rd
Best fresh margherita pizza ever!
This place sucks unless you are completely wasted!
Pretty good brick oven slice. Bella Napoli is better though.
Their pizza never fails me... especially after a night of drinking!
Great pizza! You can get it by the slice as well
large plain pie costs $20!!! not worth it and the pizza isn't that good.
Can't go wrong with pepperoni!
Best Chicken and Waffles !
Amazing fried chicken and waffles!!!
Chicken and waffles.. yummmmy! All round - much much better than Sylvia's and much cheaper!
Must stop if you are in the city.
The lady at the counter was new but she was hilarious. I ordered to go but I got a sample of the food and it was pretty good. Opens LATE!
The sweet potato pie here is awesome!
Get the sunrise for a drink its amazing like a party in ya mouth ans the Mac n cheese is.official baby..... Sweet potatoes on deck
Southern Food, the waitress there was very polite and friendly. Chicken and waffles.... YOU MUST TRY!
Chicken and waffles were amazing. Candied yams were from a can and poorly doctored to taste like the real thing. Cornbread was delicious.
Catfish sandwich with potato salad.
Get the kool aid of the day!
FYI, it's not BYOB anymore
The original supper clubs that invented chicken & waffles are no longer around, but Amy Ruth's is definitely the best example of Harlem style C&W in modern times.
Delicious chicken wings. Very crispy.
mashed sweet potatoes are good, but the "Guy Woods And Shay Barnett" is not as good as i thought, lot of pecans, but not a lot of bananas pieces
Must try the honey fried chicken with Kool-Aid!!
Get the honey dipped wings or fried catfish .. two of the best things on the menu
great soul food for a good price! Try their chicken and waffles
Southern fried chicken and waffles always bring us back.
Chicken n' Waffles
Not bad but not really good either. Better skip the steak here, add a couple of bugs and go to Wolfgang's.
Best house of chicken & waffles in the city (this is an urban take on southern soul food that originated in Harlem, where fried chicken, waffles, syrup, and hot sauce combine with awesome results).
Need to try the fried chicken and waffles. It's the best NYC has to offer!
Try the Al Sharpton and tell them you want it permed extra hard! Red Kool-Aid on the side.
simply the best
Really over-rated. It must appear in every guidebook as it was full of tourists looking bewildered in their grits.
NY best waffle with fried chicken and bacon ! Damn I love their corn bread !
Try the mac & cheese!
Get the Rev. Al Sharpton, fried. You won't regret it!
the chicken is good, still not sure whether its as good as the Yard Bird at Red Rooster!
Longer than the unemployment line!
Mention "chicken tails & beef feathers" at the champagne tents for one extra glass.
What a shit show... Don't bother waiting in line because everyone cuts.  Especially for the fried chicken.
All coffee $1
Make sure there are utensils in that bin
Not for public access.  Coffee fail.
The food is so expensive in here. Bring a $20 -__-
Its nice but ... lil speedy... I mean the area..
I miss Lavazza :-(
American diner with a desi twist. Plus, all you can eat curry (and free wifi I you ask for the password). Open late!
Great selection of different kinds of Asian food. I totally recommend this place to eat or just chill with your folks
It's perfect for take away, fresh and yammy food
Upstairs & downstairs seating & restrooms on the top floor. Not your average food court! Someday I'll try the bacon kimchi steamed dumpling
Go here if you miss the mall.
Go to the top floor and check out the Asian-inspired dessert bar with fusion twists (specifically Thai) to cupcakes and more - at Spot Dessert Bar.
Try everything :)
A three story tower of pleasure. Get some weird nori rolls, bubbling crocks of chigae and noodles for any taste-cheap and fast. Winner Best of NYC Critics' choice for best food court.
You can charge your phone in the bathroom
Perfect for cheap, fast Korean food.
Amazing variety of Asian food with ample seating and clean bathrooms. Love that they have that new vendor serving Korean street food-dukbokki and soondae FTW!
Kimchi Buns are out of this world!!
Good place for any # of ppl
The kimchi buns. Nuff said.
From the month of October you can get 20% off at Red Mango with a food receipt. So go get dessert!
Great place to get Korean food and have room to eat with a group of friends. Don't forget to get some red mango!! It's self-serve so you can get tour froyo how you want it.
Every court is fine, except Korea House (한옥) which serves bibimbop. When I ordered bibimbop to go, they didn't give me any chopsticks and spoon, the side dish was frozen so that I can't even eat. DANM
Korean food court. Food is decent and not too $$$ for midtown. Multilevel seating and clean bathrooms a plus.
Love food sampling here
#19 ramen noodles with cheese and egg. Kinda spicy but Amazing.
amazing assortment of Asian style food, you will have to come back numerous times to actually enjoy the wide variety of food on offer
A good variety of frozen yogurt, my personal favorites are lemonade and green tea flavor.  Healthy and tasty!
It's sooooo loud in here because they blast the music. It does not need to be this loud.
Get Noodle 32's spicy salty kimchi with your meal!
Fast and quick asian food stall style food court.
BEST PLACE EVER. Self-serve Red Mango with a good range of flavors, mad cheap food, and a good place to just chill cuz they have a ton of seating. Just needs WiFi. P.S. They clear your tables for you.
The crepe station is closed permanently :(
You're in Korea Town, and in a hurry? This place offers a good variety of food, and they make it fast... and good!
Horrible service at red mango. Girl at cash register grills you down, super cheap with samples, fruits are sour and expired candy.
Love the spicy pork for a quick lunch! They need free wifi though
Jae yook dup bap from hanok was basically onion dup bap
On Sat, Oct 29 - Artspace.com will be sponsoring free MUD coffee from 1-4pm outside of Lurhing Augustine Gallery!
Sadly, now closed.
Select from the brunch specials menu to get three mimosas with your meal. Try the mac & eggs or the grilled cheese & tomato soup.
Try the Hitachino Nest beer. And you can't go wrong with any of the mac and cheeses.
Never met such a sour bartender. "Computer says no" oh and the food is overpriced.
The house pickle is redonculous
The Swiss chalet Mac is uber good!
Liquor license is IN! Over 40 beers! Awesome selection.
Oat crusted tres leches French Toast on the Sunday brunch menu, Grützie Swiss Mac & Cheese & Milk cake for dessert. Everything was delicious!
Either the French Man Mac or the Barnyard Mac and you'll be nicely set for the evening.
Byob until they get their liquor license!
Now serving beer and wine.
They just started serving a delicious Gouda and cheddar beer fondue and a amazing swiss and parmigiana wine fondue. Its only through February so hurry up and order it!
how this place is not packed for weekend brunch yet, i'm not sure.  great starter dips and swiss chalet mac.  looking forward to trying the dutch kaas mac during a dinner visit.
Get the one with the fried onions, you'll be in heaven!!!
preserved black truffles anyone?
Be sure to order the Moroccan tea. It's awesome.
Awesome food and service. A little pricey but I'd definitely recommend it for someone who wants to try some different flavors.
Wonderful Moroccan treasure in the middle of Manhattan.  Tagine de Poisson to die for.
Try the Mediterranean salad as an appetizer, and the Lamb or merguez skewers for the main course, then finish the dinner with a nice mint tea.
Ragazzi questo e' da provare!!
Amazing crab cakes, tajines and couscous!! The deserts are all delicious. The Pastilla au lait is unbelievable!
Chef Jehangir Mehta sent us here and told us to get the lamb tagine w/sesame seeds & prunes. It is the way to go. Tender, juicy, tasty.
Feast your eyes in the Morgan Library then cross the street & around the corner to Barbes French Moroccan for pistilla you won't share. Worthiest pilgrimage evar.
Hearty portion and flavorful dishes perfect for lunch or dinner. Ask for the birwaarts. Tell Alam the manager I sent you. You will get star treatment here every time!
No wonder indigo give you vouchers for breakfast here only get the continental ad the coffee is weak.
We were the only ppl in the restaurant at 7:00 on a Saturday night and the bathroom was worse then a bodega in the Bronx.
Just skip it. The menu has some combinations that sound interesting in theory but which are lackluster in practice. Waiters are inexperienced and atmosphere is nonexistent.
Chef Julieta Ballesteros' fusion menu channels Latin flavors into Chinese favorites, with results like chorizo dumplings, Peking Duck tacos, and mole poblano lo mein.
Complete disaster. Avoid or embrace the wackness.
Chorizo shumai is worth the hype. Yuca fries dipping sauces and chicken wings are delicious. Surf and turf and duck wonton tacos are good. Caramel wontons for desert are yummy.
Get the Gordita Scallion Pancakes, Baja Style Tacos, Latino Fried Rice, and Chorizo Shumai. Scott is a great waiter!
As enticing as the idea of chorizo dumplings are, it's just a bit too pricey to be worth it. However, at ~$10, the cocktails provide quite a bit of bang for the buck!
Roasted turkey health Cobb is the best healthy salad I have had.
Don't forget the soup.
If you like last season's "seasonal salad" just ask - most salad makers have all salads memorized.
How the hell did I just spend $14 on a salad??
Saw two rats inside while walking by this restaurant at 12 am. I am never going to eat here.
I'm a bigger fan of Chop't, but this is a decent alternative when there isn't one around. Had the California salad and I would go back.
The loyalty card paid for itself in the first visit... definitely get out if your here on the regular
One of my fave salad spots in the city. I'm a fan of the buffalo chicken, Thai crunch, and Hudson Valley salads and salad wraps. Customer service is also EXCELLENT. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
You should def try Pesto chicken paradise with balsamic vinegarette. İmstead of onions, tell them to add roasted red peppers. Makes it way better.
The buffalo chicken wrap is delish! As are the seasonal varieties.
The new winter veggie superfood salad is the shit. Spinach, kale, iceberg, scallions, quinoa, broccoli, pumpkin seeds, and sesame tofu.
I hate everyone in here. Including myself.
Chef-designed salads: healthy, creative. Try Hudson Valley mix w/ butternut squash.
Try the California Salad, chopped with Thai Peanut dressing!!!
Thai chicken crunch. Low cal, bold flavor. With spicy peanut dressing it's the best.
Adding cranberries to the Thai chicken crunch gives it just a hint of sweetness
Buffalo Chicken salad is a fave.
Awesome salads & Grest choices. What else you can say?
Get something with lettuce in it. It's Just Splendid!
Buffalo chicken salad with Smokey Poblano Ranch dressing.  Yummy!
Hhhmm.......
Its awesomeeeee salad
Awesome playlist. House and reggae greatest hits!
Buffalo chicken wrap sans tortilla strips is great, on whole wheat of course
You can order for pick-up online and use your Loyalty Card to get 10% off!
They'll give discounts on bundles.
It's the better of the Chinese spots in the area if you don't want to wait 45 minutes for Ollie's.
They deliver all the way down to 145th. Perfect!
$2 extra for wonton in the roast pork noodle soup?  Ollie's at 116th & Broadway does a better soup for the same base price, wonton included.
Really only doable when ordering off the lunch menu (till mid-afternoon). Otherwise, expect to pay 3x for same portion, and no soup.
Try the corvina frita or the ceviche de camaron!
El Servicio aqui es pura mierda la comida sta bien
The food here is banging!! I love eating here
Just a little corner bodega. Pretty good selection and nice people.
Overpriced. Food is soggy and served in paper baskets.
Not that good...bones get crushed along with your meat...
Get the Chicken Biryani with lots of green sauce.  I'm obsessed!
Randy Cocktail if you want something refreshing and shaken, Oaxaca Old Fashioned if you want something bold and stirred. Incredible mezcal selection.
I feel like a true New York Hipster.
Cocktails are one of the best ive had in the city... Esp if you like spicy!
Blackberries + mescal = smoky and not too sweet
The Pilot Punch will put you on autopilot--delicious and great for sharing!
Huge selection of tequilas and I suggest the Change Agent if you're not a huge mezcal fan. This place brings back tequila's good name.
Critics' Pick winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Tequila Splurge!
best tequila
This bar currently appears on 209 different lists, and there is a reason for that. A little bit hard to spot from the street, but well worth the search!
Never thought I could do a whole night of tequila and not vomit. Way to go Mayahuel! Great cocktails and food. Try the croquetas.
Very extensive selection of tequila cocktails.  Uniquely prepared and strong. It is also a great place to have intimate conversations with your friends or dates.
Endless drinks with Mexican influences - lots of spicy options
Get the Stone Raft. Bright and spicy.
EaterNY calls the Boca De Vaquero one of New York's best spring cocktails
Get the Herb Albert! Ohmygod amazingness
Croquetas, chilaquiles, and tamales are delicious and cheap.
Tres Leches! Muy delicioso!!
Tequila and mezcal galore in these cocktails. Solid choice.
Not on the menu: fresh ginger ale ... Spicy and refreshing
Try the "Amor Morado" (El Tesoro tequila, sloe gin, absinthe and more). Learn how to make the cocktail from the book "Speakeasy Cocktails" created for iPads. http://oapub.co/c48b46af
Our pick is the "Amor Morado" (El Tesoro tequila, sloe gin, absinthe and more). Learn how to make cocktail from the book "Speakeasy Cocktails" created for iPads. http://bit.ly/foursq_cocktails"
The cocktails are great, but please take an opportunity to take one or more "Flights to Mexico" and edumucate yourself
Just say Slight Detour por favor! :-)
unbelievable drink menu and delicious chicken mole tamales. everything was delicious. the staff is not very friendly, though.
La Vida Rose. Also try the house-made jalapeno-infused tequila. Maybe not a whole shot at first... it's pretty damn good, people.
Try the hit or miss cocktail and shredded beef tacos! So yum
This is my church. Selection of tequila/mezcal/sotol is lovingly curated. As for cocktails, decide on stirred or shaken and then just go down list. If you've never had Sherry in a drink, please try!
Try the pale rider
Best tequila drinks in the East Village. Order one or two and nurse them for hours. Pass on the food, though -- I've been disappointed more than once.
Best bar in east village. Hands down... Maybe manhattan.
As a graduate student, this was one of my favorite budget eateries. Such wonderful memories from my times there.  The wait staff and food coma that follow a visit can be yours too.
order: CHICKEN DIJON - its a dream! or any salad (cause the house's sauce is delicious). then after all, order Chai Latte.  i promise you will be happy for the rest od the day.
I really don't like eating alone, but I've come here by myself just for the salmon omelette that is served during brunch. So worth it.
Open 24 hours! They have a surprisingly spacious back patio with lots of seating...though I question the decor.
Cool place for after the bar!
Open 24/7 - try the sister restaurant Simone on the corner too!
Good food good coffee ample seating WIFI an oasis
Champagne and caviar. Ello govona!
Gorgeous location, excellent staff.  Food was good at and a decent price for the surroundings.  And yes, do get the carrot dressing on the salad.
Get the Chai Tea Latte!!!!
Try the carrot juice. Simply delicious.
Get the Yaffa eggs benedict - unreal!
Great burgers and salads. Open 24 hours!
love that place ❤ best wrap ever
love the looks
Loving that curry chicken
Omelet with spinach and mushroom with a side salad is yummy! Get extra carrot dressing.
The dumplings are a must have!
It's ok: you can just get coffee!
They got rid of their chicken salad :(
Brunch is great. Try the Yaffa Benedict!
Brunch is super nicTry the Yaffa Benedict
The yaffa salad with carrot ginger dressing is fabulous.
The Cajun chicken is excellent. $12 gets a salad (the house dressing is terrific),  rice, steamed veggies, & spicy blackened chicken.
The apple pie is the best in town!
The salads here are amazing and huge!
You must try their chicken dumplings. Simply amazing :)
old late night college hang out. kitschy.
3 open power outlets (1/4 taken by lamps) beneath each of the 2-seat small wall tables.
Soup selection is limited to 2 soups du jour and vegetarian. Also no dressings e.g. Splenda for coffee.
My favorite pepperoni slice in the hood. Eat it!
Guard your boobs ladies-- the waiter tends to  be a liitle touchyfeely..
Ruined a pair of my shoes and my abs
Good Pizza
An RTR office favorite, this is the true meaning of BYOB. Check it out and wear RTR while you're sipping away for a guaranteed good time!
My very first new york pizza place - will love you always!
Awesome BYO. Come and get a personal meatball and spinach pizza.
Served hot and delicious
The Poffertjes Man - at Fulton Stall Market - every Saturday & Sunday 11:00am - 5:00pm.
Ready for the weekend! Come by and say hello to the Poffertjes (Wo)Man!
Golden brown and delicious!
The most disgusting excuse for frozen yogurt I've ever had in my life. I'm nauseous and I didn't even finish it. The toppings are stale and expired. Idk how they stay in busy, drug money cover up?
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Van Leeuwen
Awfully hot inside. Wear short sleeves on your body.
Ginger ice cream is divine!
Gianduja is pronounced as "John-Dew-Ya"
no. just...no.
Service is pathetic...
The maple latte on ice is amazing. A little sweet so try adding an extra shot of espresso! Oh - and the kale scone. You had me at kale ....
Root Beer Float was awesome
Unique and delicious ice cream flavors! You can't go wrong with any of the flavors - it's hard to choose one!
Gianduja and earl grey is superb! Match made in heaven- get both!
Earl gray + ginger! Great for the summer
Best place to get ice cream in east village. Get a scoop of the earl grey and a scoop of ginger. Amazing.
If you can’t track down a truck, you can always visit their tiny shop to get your Hazelnut or Peppermint & Chip creamy ice cream fix.
The flavor of the ice cream here (Espresso and Pistachio) is not as strong as I like. In fact, it tastes a little too sweet. I would prefer more flavor and less sweetness.
Lots of amazing ice creams. Usually one or more specials. My favorite is strawberry.
Get the Gianduja flavor if you like hazelnut and chocolate! You can also grab a cup of Van Leeuwen's from their mobile truck. Find more here: http://bit.ly/NaHYFu
I looooove the hazelnut and pistachio! Get the earl grey tea flavor if you want something out of the ordinary.
Cozy ice cream and coffee spot! I like hazelnut most!
Ginger ice cream with whipped cream. That is all.
try the gianduja ice cream
Gianduja and Pistachio ice creams are the best!!!
Best latte in the city
The best summertime treat in the hood. My go-to favorite flavor is Pistachio, but the Giandujia (chocolate hazlenut) is equally awesome. Plus they brew Intelligentsia Coffee! —Tanya
Pumpkin cocoa muffin is so good! And you can never go wrong with Intelligentsia
The chocolate chip cookies are just amazing. I'm willing to say best in the city. Cash only, FYI.
If they have the pumpkin chocolate muffin - get it.
Palm sugar!
Surprisingly good coffee.
Smooth, creamy flavors. Creative (earl grey; gianduja) but not too weird. Coffee is excellent, too. If you're really thinking, you'll put the ice cream IN the coffee, now you've really got something.
I'm vegan. Tea is good...
unforgettable spicy duck meatballs, duck breast, and hanger steak
Spicy duck meatballs are a must. Arctic char had a great crispy skin and was well seasoned.
This place is amazing! Try the spivey duck meatballs, the steak and the apple panacotta. They are to die for.
Newly added Brussels Sprouts leaves with nuts, cranberries are outstanding
The duck meatballs and chocolate souffle are both to die for! Mmm...
The duck meatballs are the best appetizer anywhere. They keep us coming back, don't miss them.
Try the Lamb Meatballs - #justspicyenough (via @Foodspotting)
Beautiful seasonal restaurant from Top Chef winner Harold Dieterle.  Check out Chef Harold on Kitchit at http://www.kitchit.com/profiles/chefs/harold-dieterle
Some of the best waitstaff I've ever had the pleasure of being up-sold by.
Top notch Brunching happens here. Try the duck burger, an don't forget the fresh squeezed juice.
Huge disappointment overall. Food was quite boring and had very little flavor; hot dishes were room-temperature, and nothing excited me as I had anticipated it would. I won't go back.
Make room for some Cabot cheese at the end of your meal. Perfect.
กินไรหร่อยๆ
Jamie, who runs front of house, is the best. Ask for her recommendations. Better yet, have her order for you.
spicy duck meatballs are a must app!
Their Nero is a bit thin..
Spicy duck meatballs paired with the cab franc...heavenly
I was really disappointed with the brunch. Very small portions for the prices.
Delicious! Get something for every course! It's worth it.  Healthy portions may keep you from getting dessert. Be smart, doggy bag it and try some of the amazing dessert too.
Perilla9 Jones St (btw Bleecker & 4th), New York, NY 10014American Restaurant
happy birthday
Spicy duck burger and/or poached eggs are legit
Top Chef Harold Dieterle puts another tourist attraction on the WVill map. -Andy Cohen, Watch What Happens Live!
Perilla Perilla
Just ordered the meatballs and the lamb chop. It's a meat lovers paradise.
FYI...the crispy calamari and watercress salad is NOT a real salad...it's all FRIED!!
The calamari app is Amazing! Please notice the capital A
duck entree awesome! Better than duck meatballs.
All you need to know here - spicy duck meatballs. It's the signature dish and paired with the quail egg yoke is a wonderful combination. Don't expect to get in without reservations, it's often busy!
One of my favorite restaurants in New York. Their brunch is incredible, especially their French toast with seasonal fruit and the grits.
Bring a book, this might take a while
The place has everything from Regular two eggs breakfast combos, Chinese, Italian, and more!
This place has everything!
Whip cream your hot chocolate to stay - 50¢ extra!!!
Quite possibly the smallest diner in NYC, its wedged between two buildings. Empty since 2006, the chrome and green diner is now canvased with graffiti. See more:
Lucky Cheng NYC at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
So fun and gay! The food is delicious (and I'm azn lol the food is Asian fusion). DEFINITELY STAY FOR THE SHOW!!!
This location's last day of operation sadly, but they only moved up to 240 West 52nd Street btw Broadway and 8th Avenue! Go check them out!
theres a new delhi close to hear with great lamb k bob
The food was okay. Drinks strong. But you go for the show! Very naughty fun! Everyone was so great! Had a blast!
Awsome staff!!! Work it girl!!
An old bath house and Asain drag queens... SERIOUSLY!!!
Interesting...
Celebrating Gina's 50th....
Great ambiance and very fun restaurant. I had a blast!
So much fun and too much food!
Win the lap dance contest and get a free orgy bowl
Hilarious !!!!
The apple salad appetizer dish is really good.
Try the Sesame Noodle Salad, Crispy Thai Chicken Rolls and Lemon Mint Grilled Chicken Breast.
Themed Dining, where the play’s the thing http://exm.nr/qw8VcQ
Surprisingly great food and drinks.  Opt for the Orgy Bowl if with friends and save $$$.  Attend the later show (10pm) if you're out for a birthday or bachelorette party.  Seemed to be a lot more fun!
This is one of those place you enjoy in the moment but after leaving you wonder why you went, what you actually paid for, and if you picked up a communicable disease. Disgusting venue, shitty service
Great for bdays, bachelorettes, out of towners etc
Don't let your shy friend volunteer for the contest part of the show unless they're had plenty to drink.
The show was okay, certain parts were funny some no.  Food and drinks however...well don't waste your money!
Try the $6 Fortune Cookie shot in the Fortune Cookie Lounge! House-infused ginger vodka sure is sweet!
Just don't eat.
Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to try the food but the show was so fun. The drag queens are fierce! Perfect for a 18th or 21st birthday or Bachelorette Party!
Do Not Enter If U Are Straight
Try the show
be afraid stright boy. Be very afraid
Let your hair down and just have a good time! It's a drag show!
Go to Lucky Cheng's and sing karaoke with a drag queen.  Don't get too embarrassed.
So not big into cupcakes... But these were really good! The pairings were spot on! Black Velvet cupcake w/ Cherries and a Port Wine... Perfect!
Take out only -- service was so bad and it wasn't even rush hour!
Try the Signature Sweet Revenge Burger (via @Foodspotting)
Love how the menu pairs your sweets with cocktails or wine. Great variety of cookies, brownies, cupcakes, etc. Soy milk latte was very weak and milky. Go for wine instead!
Awesome place for a casual date.  The red velvet is amazing but my favorite is the peanut butter Sweet Revenge.  Trust the staff when it comes to beer/wine pairings!
This is perfection. They pair cupcakes with wine. Brilliant!
cupcake and wine pairings, this place makes for the best sweet ending to your night!
This cozy spot in the West Village serves some of the best cupcakes in the city as well as great food.  Try the Jardin burger, Mahalo Chicken, and their chocolate chip cookie.
Grab a seat in the window. And make sure you really, really like rosemary if you order the egg sandwich. Really.
Cupcakes, beer and wine - what more could a girl ask for? Our favorite pairing? The Crimson & Cream Cupcake + Raspberry Bellini. Heaven…
Simply delicious. Pro tip: Stick around and check out the wine + beer pairings for cupcakes.
Go for brunch - the El Gigante Mornin’ Burrito ($10.95 plus $1 for bacon, ham or sausage) looks amazing.
Dirty + Pear Cider is awesome! Cider was sweet but not too heavy, rather crisp and light. A nice contrast to the rich and decadent chocolate on chacolate.
this place is SO GOOD and SO ADORABLE
The sweetest coupling: sugar and alcohol! Try the Swedish pear cider.
Amazing drinks and food!
May come as a surprise but after trying a few different combinations, have come to realise that the cakes are better suited to beers than the wines. My favorite is the Kwak & mexican vanilla cupcake.
Cupcakes and alcohol the best of both worlds each cupcake comes with a Mohawk and it actually goes real well with the alcohol sangria is strong well knowledge staff
Oh my word! Amazingness red velet n peanut butter are to kill for! Get em to go if its busy!
super sweet and huge cupcakes. salted caramel is divine.
Fabulous wine and the most amazing cupcakes in the city. What more could an NYC girl want? I love this place so much we filmed a "Best in the City" segment here...:-)
If you are looking for the perfect cupcake and wine pairing, look no further. Not only that, but they offer some of the most unique cupcake flavors in the city.
If you are going on a Sunday evening, get here early to insure you get the best cupcake selection possible.
Try the Truffle Mac & Fontina Gratin (via @Foodspotting)
This place is as unique as its specialty... pairing its phenomenal cupcakes with wine.
The Dirty Cupcake with Pear cider is a good combo, but it's fulsome and might make you feel ill.
Deliciou chocolat chips cookie!
Best cupcakes in New York!
Try the cupcake-cocktail or beer pairings.  Fabulousness.  Raspberry red velvet - yum.
Disappointed. Not sure what the big deal is- cupcakes are mediocre   :(
A little pricey but good food and much needed in this area.
Great short ribs! And the best bartender around, Quico!
The food is authentic and pretty good, but the atmosphere tries to be a little too trendy.  You can get better (and cheaper) Korean food in K-town.
Amazing Korean BBQ in the West Village. Have a Pepper Margarita at the bar while you wait for your grill table. - Jon Marcus, Hunting Season
Don't order jalapeno margarita
Have to try the Kimchi Bibimbop. Sooo good.
Try the dukboki
A drink that looks as good in your hand as it tastes. Try out a BULLDOG Martini.
Two words, Jalepeno Margarita. Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow, ya'll.
Hadn't been here in a while, almost forgot how great the food is here! Everything is good and great sake cocktails. And much sexier than K-town!
The Yuja Martini during Happy Hour is freaking delicious!
Waitress is a raging bitch.
Excellent Bimbambop
Bi Bim BOP!
Kalbi jjim always hits the spot.
Settle in with a ginger kamikaze and ask for more banchan.
If you’re in the mood for good, we mean good Korean food, come here. Our tip: Visit during their happy hour (5pm – 7:30pm) and enjoy small plates for half the dinner price!
Get the Sake Breeze with So Ju. Yummy!
jalapeno margarita + watercress salad!
Try the Mandu Gui appetizer! Delicious!
Tip your bartender well, they're worth it!
My favorite restaurant in the entire city. I've recommended so many people here I must have put the owners kids through college.
Spicy margarita x korean bbq table. Thank me laterzzz!
Blueberry Coconut vegan Ice Cream is bomb!
Bul Go Gui + Soju.Done.
Reserve on savored.com for 30% off. Cool off with a carafe of the watermelon shochu.
동양적 인테리어와 한국음식이 빛나는 곳
Watermelon soju
Delicious ! For  me, it's the first korean i try and  it's exceptional !
Best bimimbop in Manhattan IMHO. Always always good.
Russian dressing!
A Chinese restaurant that serves Mexican food. $5 flat for a large burrito and a drink of your choice is enough to forget about it, and leave full with a happy wallet.
Watch Out! This is a boot leg restaurant of the actual Dallas BBQs
Booth in the back is closest to the TV's so if you come when sports are on it's the best seat in the house.
It's Cash Only, which sucks.
Great for drinks, not food. Avoid the pork.
It's horrid!!! -_-....I don't recommend it to anyone
And what a happy hour it is
Giant margarita!!
Go for happy hour
The cornbread tastes like it was made with toilet water. Avoid it. Also they've apparently got nothing but American "cheese" for anything.
$5 for 20oz frozen drinks at Happy Hour!
Full rack if baby back ribs for $10 and $3 beers, ch
Favorite BBQs. Same food, better prices.
The early bird special is great .. only location that has it $5
Great fried chicken. Cheap and not too greasy. Very different atmosphere compared to the other BBQs; possibly because this is a different franchise, altogether.
Kind of ghetto,but drinks are cheap and strong. Great college hangout.
Not bad to be an Imitation "Dallas BBQ".
Low-priced drinks!
Frequently packed with NYU freshman.  Broken glass almost every night.  Drink specials are pretty good though.  BBQ is a fun place to grab a few drinks with friends downtown.
They have great prices here .. Under $15 for sure !! They don't have the special drinks though ... But all and all ... Good time
Service isn't great . No BBQ sauce on tables. Shabby appearance.
This is the best BBQ's! Friendly staff and affordable food and great drinks. Perfect for a good time on a budget.
60 minutes for our drinks to arrive on a Saturday night
This is not Dallas BBQ just a look alike.
Good spot when you're on a budget (wink wink)
3.50 mojitos and margaritas Thursday night until 9pm.
Not as good as it used to be when it was a block away, and they took some things off the menu, but all in all still tasty
get a ridiculous amount of food for under 15 bucks. the giant size drinks are HUGE and full of liquor. you've been warned.
Brunch is $4 more than Essex but it includes your choice of four drinks rather than three and all you can drink rather than just 3 drinks.
Personally I thought the food here was great, my buddy though they messed up making grilled cheese 3 times on him in one outting.
The crab stuffed chicken breast, motzah ball soup, french onion soup and pot roast are all delicious!
try their chicken noodle soup! also, their french fries are insanely good!
Pizza burgers are awesome and the fried zucchini sticks are incredibly good!  :-)
I discovered this place right by my apt while my mom was visiting. I try to come back every couple of weeks! Great food and quick service.
The salads are very good. Dressing comes on the side...
BBQ Best panini was really good
The fries are awesome and the coffee is the great coffee shop kind of coffee I grew up with. Friendly staff didn't even flinch when we ordered a sandwich to split. Homey...
Free wi-fi! Gotta ask the owner for the password. Today it is "Diner2930" so try that.
favorite diner since childhood. service is terse but food is good solid old school ny diner fare.
Going out of business :(
Korean market that sells almost everything.
Good for filling in the fruit & vegetable gaps in your recipes at the last minute. Its a staple store in the South Village
HAAAAA...best frieeeends.
Sorry, closed.
Staff here are very nice - bought 3 cupcakes and asked that they pack it into individual boxes  instead of the paper bag for easier travel - they happily obliged
Best cupcakes in NYC.
Happy hour. Mon - thurs, 6-7p. Buy one, get one free wheeeee!
Cupcakes are good but the pie is where it's at.
Amazing and cheap cookies!
Order the yellow daisy cake!!
Try the Carrot Cake - #gooey #walnuts #carrots #cream (via @Foodspotting)
Love the icebox cake !
you guys, it's all about their cookies! the snickerdoodle AND ginger snap with butterscotch chips are amazing!!
Carrot cake cupcake break.
Icebox cake is oh so good!
Anything banana is delicious. Banana cream pie, banana cupcake, banana banana
Try the Red Velvet Cake & Carrot Cake - Awesome!! (via @Foodspotting)
Raspberry bars over cupcakes. Always.
Get the icebox cake - but put it in the freezer for half an hour before fatting out
A 1940s-inspired bakery with retro desserts like chocolate sour cream Bundt cakes and red velvet cupcakes.
Red velvet.  Mmmmm.
Cookie sandwich.  Do it.
Rachel Zoe must have had one of these banana cupcakes before she coined her signature phrase. Don't forget to take home their new baking mixes—you never know when the cravings will hit.
Try the Oysters And Prosecco  - #pescetarian #brunch #nyc (via @Foodspotting)
Try the passion fruit cosmopolitan (via @Foodspotting)
Great service, great drinks...terrible food. Three stars.
ageng nang endi sih kie ya?
seriously awesome congee!
Get the shrimp and pork wonton. Not the dumplings. They rock!
Good dumplings, 11/$3 or 7/$2
Free cup of joe if you byo leche.
Confucious has recently been spotted in Joe City
order M'Smen
Talk about a real bread winner - this place serves up delicious carbs with a social purpose. Add this place to your to-do list Echoing Green's President Cheryl Dorsey highly recommends it!
The beefsteak tomato and onion salad is amazing! The oysters were fresh and delicious. If you like steak tar tar, I definitely recommend it!
Try the quail appetizer. Even if you've never tried quail. It's delicious.
Loved it.  Great bartender, nice space.  Chopped salad was good as were the hash browns and creamed spinach.  Would not recommend the king crab legs.  Not a lot of meat.  Would go back though.
Drink Spring Mountain Vineyard wines here! Great with any steak.
Sweta is the best mayor ever.
Steak and Shiraz!  It is not always about Cabernet you know!
Loving the Peter Lehmann Shiraz by the glass!
Service is great
What was the Flatiron District steakhouse Angelo & Maxie's has become part of this chain. Other locations include Atlantic City, Las Vegas and Houston.
Try the Jersey Mule - Ginger Beer, Gin, Fresh Mint (via @Foodspotting)
Awesome steaks!!
Fantastic lattes.
Best coffee in LES
Solid iced coffee.
Small space without a sign out front (I'm told that's cool). Great coffee and excellent rotating selection of pastries. Come here and get your hipster on
One of my favorite places for coffee.
The coconut macaroons are to die for! The extra lemon zesty kick makes a great pair with a large coffee.
At Hester Street Fair (Sat 10a-6p)-Brazilian Cafundo-bean concentrate alone over ice, stirred with Battenkill Valley Creamery milk, or mixed with seltzer in a tingly “coffee soda” ($3.50 to $4)
Come in for a coffee tasting flight - taste 3 coffees in individual French presses.
Cafe Grumpy is an ethical & sustainable cafe participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now to get discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Great place hard to find but worth it
This Grumpy location is decidedly less grumpy, feel free to smile when ordering.
Best drip and cold brewed coffee in NYC so far
Currently the best coffee in NYC.
Hazelnut brownie is the one to get.
Ginger Chocolate Scone. Beyond.
Get any scone.... So tasty
Strong, tasty coffee and super nice staff but no seating inside so make sure you are on your way to someplace awesome.
the pastries at this one.
This Cafe Grumpy is unique because it’s right next door to the bakery that cooks up all of this chain's goods; everything is super fresh!
Ask for a double-macc. Stunning! Danielle and Tommy are super friendly!
On the boarder of les and two bridges grumpy is giving the neighborhood the energy to become the hipster Mecca it should be. Especially at $5 a cup. I mean who else could afford those prices?
Get the pastries. They're made fresh right next door each day.
Good, affordable breakfast sandwiches. Their rolls and croissants are brought in daily, so it's fresh. Staff is very friendly too.
Awesome sandwiches, great prices, staff is awesome, and they take credit cards. Can you really ask for more?
Feel free to mix up the sandwiches
Ask about the special heroes and wraps
BLT with Turkey Bacon on a croissant.......the best!
Thankfully this is my local deli (across from my office) because they make great sandwiches. I recommend #2 (turkey, brie, avocado). And they take credit cards, which is a plus.
Deliciosa lasagna!!!
Buena atención, buena comida y buena música!
I do recommend it. Great pizza and friendly staff.
This place is great. Excellent food and great management. Very friendly.
Service is great. Gentle waiters. Nice ambience.
http://foodcrew.ro/2012/09/paste-italiene-new-york/
Please take 10 sec of your time, click on the link and like her article.I wrote an article about Novella to a romanian food magazine and i recommend this restaurant to everyone.
food is good and reasonably prices but the service is terrible
Dog friendly. Service was good. :)
Some of the best alla vodka sauce if ever had
Great price $10 for a personal pizza and a glass of wine
Had such potential. Felt completley ignored server just brushed me off.
Weird restaurant. The interior is odd and the music is also strange.  A nice touch was when the Spotify ads started playing over the speakers. That's shamefully cheap of them.
Service sucks. People are rude.
The pasta is very good and it's ten dollars for a glass of wine and pasta
The best lemon cello in little italy!
Great food for a good price :))
Should have read the other tips/reviews before sitting down.  "no Chardonnay," but they brought it to the lady behind me. Screwed up both orders at our table. Not even close! Byeeeee!!!
Food is hardly decent. Note to waiters: don't get mad if you get undertipped after billing gratuity on 5 ppl when you're providing minimal service ALONG with a nasty attitude.
The service here is horrible. Waiter made a mistake on the order and then blamed us. The waiters barely pay you any mind. If you're reading this, get up and walk out!!!
This place blows. Service sucks. Food sucks. Everything sucks.
Really bad service. Many open tables, yet had to wait 15 minutes without a simple "we will be right with you." AVOID.
Menu 10 euros pasta or pizza and drink... But pizza cold and too much cheese (bad quality) and poor ingredients. Sorry , novella is a bad election
The worst service ever!! Please go any other at same street!
Will not return. First bad dining experience on our USA-Canada holiday. Rude waiter screwed up our (very simple) order & then had audacity to blame us.
Food pretty good. Lacking in atmosphere (admittedly, we were outside) and staff not particularly welcoming, attentive or friendly. Probably wouldn't return.
Bathroom is very claustrophobic. If you are overweight, fuggetabout using the facilities here.
Waiter spilled water on me before I even ordered. I think he mumbled sorry, and then he said, "Well it's just water you know?" Bad sign, I'm thinking.
Service was horrible sat for fifteen minutes without being waited on and the place wasn't even busy walked back and will never return
$10 lunch specials - pizza, pasta or panini and a glass of wine!
Don't ever come to this place the first hour of them opening. From 11-12 they will treat you business like a burden. Such a wasted lunch hour. Also the manager is a total Dick to the woman worker
All the soups are great but Mushroom Brie Bisque is by far the best. Make it a large.
Good lunch spot. Great selection lines move quick.
Breakfast burrito and chicken curry coconut soup are fab
Fat and delicious. I also use them to cater client meetings.
Best turkey chili
The sandwiches here are pretty expensive considering they have shreds of meat and sit out all day.
Get the British chocolate -- Lion bar!
Great selection of sandwiches and their quesadillas are surprisingly delicious!
I really love that pkace! They have yummy starters! And i loved mix grill. They have really good Turkish chef!!! And Turkish taste!!
This place is clean and people friendly-it's right across from my job (PAP) :-)
Never again. No posted hours, happened upon closing time and wound up with mostly unheated food, terrible grumpy service, and unsafe door blocking practices in a misguided event to coney closed.
Tried to give this place another shot and went for two cups of coffee. Can someone explain to me why are there 4 people attending 1 person and not even 1 person could attend me. So I left. 
Paid extra for tomato on my bagel, got back and there was no tomato. Annoying.
Paid extra
Great new place! Clean, bright, and the staff is so friendly. Selections may be limited for now, but they literally just opened not even a week ago. Got a coffee and a bagel w cream cheese, delicious!
Nice looking place but the selections are so limited!  Went for a soup and they only had chicken and lentils. Instead I chose the Roast Beef sandwich and believe me when I say it was not good at all!!
Great iced coffee!
When you're making ice coffee put your sugar in first, then a little bit of the hot coffee to melt the sugar. Continue making your ice coffee after.
Hazelnut,Italian Roast coffee is on point!!  Get the refill cup! For $2.99 (Coffee included) future refills only $1.10 large ;-) winning!
They didn't know what to do with the deal I received but after showing them the 4S app and how it worked they finally gave in.
This place really knows how to play the game. I'm unlocking specials left and right!
Lots of awesome Gluten Free soups! Try the Tuscan white bean.
Never heard of a torcade before coming here and not a big pastry person, but those things are AMAZING. and the french roast is strong.
The French Roast is spot on!
Their soups are so yummy!
The Hazelnut coffee is the Bomb!!
The Jalapeño Double Cheddar Bagels and Chocolate Chip Cookies are to die for! Very friendly service, too!
Hands down, #1 reason I keep coming back are the chai spice whoopie pies!
Love the clam chowder!
There's plenty of seating, you just can't see it from the main half of the place
Breakfast sandwiches are good.
South west loaf. The best.
Second that on the jalapeño cheese bagels and would add the asiago cheese ones as well
Try the cheddar jalapeno bagels for only $1.09... Very good for a good price...
The white chocolate dipped shortbread cookies are the bomb.
The Mayan Chicken Rice Bowl is $7.39 with tax.  Tasty meal!
Very slow. Not very kind!
Order the omelet, delicious and can't beat the 5 dollar price tag
Smoked turkey wrap is a reliable lunch option.
Any Pressata is a good choice- oh and the pizza too!
The smoked turkey wrap is amazing!!
Their pizzas, fresh salad and fresh juice are musts. Don't even bother with Sbarro.
choisissez chaque ingrédient de votre salade ... ou comment manger sainement à NYC :)
Great food at a good price...
The Pomodoro Slice Pizza is DELICIOUS!!
Only serves pepsi products. Pizza slices are huge!
Expensive but it is in Times sq.
love the way they make pizza
Best food and service I've found in this area
chicken parm is to die for! excellent pizza's too!!
Best pizza ever! Try the "abuela" slice!!
best brick oven pizza shop nj
Great Pizza outside of NYC!!
gotta love the grandma's pie!
Brick oven pizza
How can you be out of wings with 2 hours left and it's called wingfest?????
Great coffee but bring cash.  No credit/debit accepted
Don't forget it's cash only!
Joe is now starting to do it's own roasting
Great coffee spot. Get here early and hang out with the regulars (both two and four legged). In the afternoon, enjoy a smooth pour over coffee.  Family owned by wonderful folks.
Try the scones...they are the best I have ever had!
Place has perfected the pour-over technique so every flavor comes through and the coffee is never diluted. Their seasonal hibiscus ice tea is also  a must try.
Best coffee shop in the neighborhood. Joe's own specialty coffee, doughnut plant pastries, and expert+friendly baristas.
Iced soy latte is an excellent go-to. If you're in the mood for a treat, go for an iced dirty chai or salted apple bread!
Try the espresso macchiato better yet, make it a double.
A great cortado
a vote for the republican party is a vote to further limit and destroy the rights of our amazing beautiful women
when the leaves are purple buy as much as you can.  you may see Dorothy but you will be back in Kansas.
don't cross the streams, it would be bad
The hipster coffee spot in the UWS.  Check in the bathroom, behind the toilet, there are secret compartments in the wall where patrons hide trinkets.
Rugelach are awesome
Great latte, great music, great vibe.
outside of stumptown at the ace, joes has the best latte by far in manhattan
Try the Hot Chocolate (via @Foodspotting)
Wow, one of the best cappuccinos EVER! Thanks Joe
The iced coffee is serious business.
almost impossible to get a seat inside but the helpful and  friendly staff never disappoint.
There are several Joe's locations and they're all great, so it should come as no surprise that this is the best coffee shop in the Upper West Side.
Remember cash only
Their raisin oatmeal cookies and macaroons are pretty darn good too.
GREAT iced coffee
Where coffee is an art. Each barista truly knows how to work that latte machine and produce the most delicious coffee in the city
Don’t be discouraged by the line, the coffee is worth it!  Try the drip bar if it is after noon.
Jonathan Rubinstein's espresso shop in the West Village has been a hit ever since it opened in 2002.  Rubinstein recently switched to beans from Ecco Caffe, a boutique Sonoma roaster.
Best coffee from flavor to presentation!!! Also they use pacific soy barista blenders which if you're dairy free like makes ALL the difference
coffee time~ Yuhuu~Coffee Time~ Yuhhuuu~
Excellent food, I loved chicken tikka massala and vegetable basmati rice.
They're probably better at Lunch...  Massala was too salty and shrimp Biryani was far from flavorful.
The baby eggplants were delicious! The hydrabadi goat dish was also really good!
There are so many options when renting out this lavish space! From post-theatre prix-fix to dinner with an open bar, you will find the deal for you! Need more reasons? They hava "kamasutra" lounge!
buy one lunch/dinner item get the second of equal or lesser value free, save up to $17 when you buy with your YP Rewards Card!
The buffet is a great deal: only $15.95 for all you can eat.
Be sure to try the Baingan Bhurta. Heaven!
Good appetizers. Desert not very good
The food in Bombay is fantastic, I am usually at K Lounge, but I only eat at Bombay Palace, good and even Veggie versions.
One of the most exclusive joints in nyc. Too many brown people. Amir khan was in line with us, and they wouldn't let him in.
Best chicken vindaloo I've ever had.
Pri fixe is great value. My fav is chicken madra but everything else was delish too.
Prefixe is a great value. I was so happily stuffed.
If they say 15 minutes, you bet the farm you'll get your food in time.
Tasty but overpriced food. Better values to be found at downtown curry houses.
Order the prix fixe menu.  It's a great value compared to ordering individual dishes.
No matter how full, order the Gulab Jamun for dessert. You won't be sorry.
The service is good, but you have to try very hard to understand the waiting staff.
My go-to Chinese food spot at work. It'll do just fine, however they can be rude at times. Pay with cash to get the price that is on the menu.
The plain sugar donuts are outstanding, especially when they're fresh.
The udon is good just ask for extra spicy
Healthy roll with mango on top and seaweed on top is unique and very tasty. I usually get it together with sake roll, which is spicy crunchy salmon.
Red Lady Roll!
Their rolls are HUGE and filled. Reasonably priced. Haven't tasted a single bad thing on their menu. Nothing bad to say about it!
This place is terrible. They were not sure if they wanted to honor our living social deal so we had to wait 20 minutes with food in front of us before we could eat it. And he was impolite.
All dishes are solid. I love how this place doesn't pack the sushi rolls with rice. Definitely key.
Crunchy spicy rolls are great!
Pork gyoza and one roll are a great combo.
Taste the green tea moshi ice cream !!!
The lunch specials are crazy very tasty service is a B± @ best outside dining on warmer days. One of my usual lunch spots
The lunch specials are pretty damn good. I've never left hungry.
The Sauvignon Blanc they have by the glass is perfect with all the delicious sushi!
The tuna cucumber avocado roll is great.
Peanut avocado roll is amazing. Salmon avacado crunchy is very good.
One of the best sushi places in UWS
The sea bass rolls are great
Very fresh sushi. Try Uni, it's sublime.
Nabeyaki Udon is ridic
On Tuesday's don't sit outside at night. The garbage is put right next to the sitting area.
Sweet potato tempura and peanut avocado rolls are excellent and I'm not even vegetarian.
Killer shumai (steamed shrimp dumpling) and rock n' roller appetizer!! Amazing amazing, loved them!
Good food. Horrible service.
קחו את הספייסי טונה. יוצא מן הכלל
Best salmon skin salad I've ever found. Must order if you're into it.
Love the Rainbow and Boston rolls
Some amazing sushi/sashimi. Their unique peanut/avocado roll is a must-try
So far, the roll that comes with the fried banana inside is my fave.
Spicy Girl Roll is awesome.
great chicken teriyaki
The chirashi is beautiful and tasty. Loving the layout.
The rolls come in massive pieces, so filling, and all the employees have kinda funny and entertaining voices.
They run out of seasonal flavors way too early. Don't advertise a flavor if you aren't going to stock it
Wifes favourite snackernibble! in the Upper West side,Manhattan.
Best burger and fries
Needs better lighting in this place
Nice staff that knows how to deal with kids!
Apparently you need to make sure the restroom has paper. Lucky I did!
Hands down the nicest Starbucks, with the Delancey location following close behind. The best baristas whose customer service cannot be rivaled.
Ask them to stir it or be sure to stir it yourself before consuming. First sip of any drink shouldn't taste like a mouth full of frothy milk and watered down syrup and a cup of Diabetes at the end!
Want something different today. Try the coffee of the day with white mocha.
Great place to study or read. Interesting people come & go: neighborhood characters, regulars, very cool, laid-back vibe.
Dear Barista, a greeting would be nice.
Great staff and only Starbucks for miles!
Idk why my name keeps getting spelled wrong lmao, its Destiny*
Everything bagel with butter & a hot chocolate will toast you right up! =)
Try our new chicken sausage wrap, it's Amazing!
Gingerbread!!! Xmas is upon us!!!
Iced eggnog chai with cinamon powder on top try it!
Try our New Salted Caramel Mocha, Delicious!
Ice caramel macchiato and bacon artisan
Bring a sweater and don't expect to get a seat right away.it's open early!
Dont go into the bathroom... SOMEONE BLEW IT UP!!!!!
this place sucks.
Best Starbucks in The CIty!!!!
Grab an NYT and relax in a red velvet chair while you wait an hour for the next G train.
Friendliest staff of any Starbucks
The tiny desserts are actually amazing, esp. tiramisu cake pop and salted caramel square. Also, NEW upholstered chairs arrived... They're baaack.
Really? With the Williamsburg and Greenpoint neighborhoods well saturated with mom and pop coffee shops serving better brew, why would you subject yourself to this? Your in BK, support local.
free wifi muhhhfucka lol
The people are the friendliest.  One of my favorite Starbuck's locations.
Don't expect to find a seat.
Can't beat the baristas here. Best Starbucks in the city.
Bathroom smells like urine and has poo on the floor
I'm just obsessed with apple fritters it can come from any starbucks :)
Avoid the organic falalal... It's pretty bad.
The Garden Cafe has opened The Sidewalk Cafe located off at East 38th Street.  Happy hour tonight.  Ask for the "bucket" four beers!
Be prepared to wait, this place is understaffed.
Lots of new folks working this week... Give yourself some extra time!
Jimmy and Danny rock the bar.  Speedy and friendly.
They are slow to serve you once you paid.  On top of that, they got my order wrong.....three times.
Order a short.  It's a smaller size not on the menu.
Try the new salted caramel mocha...  Good?
Restroom out of order.
This is a great store.  Friendly and fast
Look for Faith, she's the best barista!
Grilled veggie wrap is surprisingly good.
Careful, this is one of those places where they like to keep the house coffee nuclear-hot. Good pastries, though.
Friendly staff!
Great Frozen Yogurt...
$4.41 for a small soy chai? Are you kidding me?
The perfect start of the day! Fresh coffee & delucious food! :)
Fresh juice and wifi
Amazing cheesecake.
They have nice teas.
Good alternative to Starbucks. Coffee ok. Free wi-fi. Lots of places to sit.
Try the one they copying off of...Stumptown Coffee for a real brew.
A casual atmosphere for more than just coffee, enjoy the free wi-fi along with a nice vegetable sandwich.
This is the slowest coffee place in the area. Inconsistent taste from day to day. Better luck going to Starbucks across the street.
And a fresh juice bar!
Small coffee & cheese danish = $3.97 = not bad
Just tried there frozen yogurt. It's self serve which was not bad at all. It's not Red Mango but there Peach Mango was pretty good.
It's so good but so easy to miss: the self-serve yogurt is all the way in the back of the store (toppings at the bar on the right).
Super friendly and even might upgrade your size if you're lucky! Wonderful place :)
Amazing croissants.
Don't get the salads here: they keep them frozen =\
Try chatting with the staff in Korean.
nice selection of salad toppings. avocado and grilled portobello at no extra charge!
Good coffee, good price. Nice, open ambience.
Delicious self-serve yogurt and love their tea selection. Also, their Chi Latte is better than Starbucks. No joke.
The self-serve yogurt is perfect because they charge by weight, not a pre-determined size. Leave off the toppings to get more bang for your buck!
They never opened on time until I complained!!!
No maple bars here!
Stay away from their latte...it's super weak
Slow as hell!
Shady! Twice I've been charged for a medium drink when I ordered and received a small. If you're paying with a card they assume you're not going to want a receipt. Always ask for a receipt!
One dollar scoops every wed!
I wonder why my son likes this place? ;)
Awesome Thai food!
Delicious!  The coconut soup is amazing.
As a "tom kha" fan, I find the one here memorable because its not too watery, and has enough vegetables.
This place is always empty for some reason, but the food is delish.
Pretty good food for an $8 lunch special! Really tasty pineapple fried rice that wasnt too greasy (or fried for that matter) (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Be ready to spend your whole lunch break waiting for the food to come.
Red Curry is solid, and they took my "very spicy" request seriously. I find that's seldom the case when I'm on the east coast. Surprised and impressed.
For help with vip treating at the most exclusive clubs contact 7189643150
Great $7.95 lunch special. App and main entree, plus it lasts until 3:30
This place in seriously terrible. Flavorless food, less than stellar appetizers, lukewarm soup. A waste of money. Go to Toon Thai on Park Avenue instead.
Shrimp dumplings - sooo good!
Don't get the soups that come with the lunch specials.
Grt Thai spot tucked away and super low key. Mood awesome, music conflicting though!
Best pad Thai I've ever had. Ask for a side of hit sauce.
This place is awesome --a real hidden gem
Over the rice!!!!
I really don't know if any other food items are good. I for one wouldn't recommend the chicken biryani.
chicken tiki masala, lamb curry, all day long. #burp
My God I love this place.
Chicken Tikka Marsala with califlower and potatoes is the best. Also make sure to get some warm nong.
"The chana bhatura daily special ($6.25) is worth the wait. The curry is moderately spiced & served with a side of cool raita, tamarind sauce & chutney. The made-to-order poofy poori makes the meal."
Get an extra piece of Naan bread with your order. It's fresh great.
Thursday special fish curry is the best
Good lunch place. I always get the vegetarian platter with mango lassi
The best paapri chaat in the entire universe. Seriously.
good Indian food!
Good food good people except the dumb skinny waitress she is so not here no memory does nothing and always busy messing up orders the other 2 waiters are perfect
I love the food and the place! Best place to get breakfast!
Get the Eggs Benedict with a coffee in the AM. Leave happy.
Service is a little slow, but it's a quaint place to grab a light bite to eat. I Their grilled cheese was pretty decent and their homemade pickles were delish!
This place is tacky and the food is ridiculously over/priced- perhaps that's why it filed for bankruptcy
Ask for a seat in the glass pavilion area, or step out onto the rooftop after your meal -- the panoramic view of the city is amazing!
Don't order the lamb. Worst ever.
Amazing!!!
Great to come for restaurant week '10
Open 24 hours!!! Papa rellenos is delicious!
Acapurias are the best!!!
eat everything
Jugo de parcha y alcapurrias q rico
Great and cheap place for a meal on the go.  Stick with the chicken, rice, beans and sweet plantains or a half roasted chicken.  Delicious but overly oily.
Eat some of the best tasting, worst food for your health! So good it has to be bad!
Their papa rellenas are sooooo tasty! And try their mofongo - you can't go wrong!
prepair to wait a sec or 2 more than everyone else to be served if ur dont speak spanish or arent a Gringo.
Absolutely the best Mofongo in Spanish Harlem or anywhere else for that matter, definitely order it when you go there. It's delicious.
The best and cheapest Spanish food. Try the empanadas, they're my favorite!
Great place to get some tacos. Highly recommended. Chicken or beef tacos are amazing. Just bring it back home n get some tequila or some caronas, n that's a great afternoon.
This is hands down my favorite restaurant on the west side. The menu changes regularly with seasonal ingredients. Check out the salads & highly recommend the chicken or any of their fish dishes. Like.
Try the Finger Lakes Grass Fed Beef Burger - Applewood bacon, white cheddar, sesame seed bun (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Baked Brioche French Toast - Butterscotch sabayon and roasted pears. One of the best French toasts I've ever had. (via @Foodspotting)
Spaghetti Squash appetizer. I would travel far for it.
There is great management. They are extremely kind and always out the customer first. Plus the food is great! Try Chocolate Deliciousness. Bed dessert I've ever had.
Wise to make a reservation via open table. Fantastic ambience and friendly bar chicks
love their sunday brunch! try poached egg and pear market drink!
The pancakes are seriously amazing!! Get them!!
Good soy latte here, lots of flavor. Food is excellent if a little pricey too. Book ahead to get in for weekend brunch and avert the wait!
Bustling atmosphere, make a reservation and order the huge huevos rancheros and juicy shrimp salad. Great coffee too!
With a menu that changes daily, you’re guaranteed a delicious and fresh meal!
the pastry chef's name is amanda cook (for real). weekdays 7-11am, pick up baked goods for you and your dog from the bar:
Get good coupons for your favorite Fast Food Restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
You have to try the mushroom polenta and the sweet potatoes. YUM
Always good food and drinks. Be sure to reserve, otherwise you need to wait 15-30mins almost every evening. Perfect date restaurant after a Chelsea art crawl!
For favorite American dishes, this place never disappoints.
All the brunch scrambles/skillets are delicious and filling!
Good highline rest stop
These bloody Mary's are the best in Chelsea !
Executive chef Marc Meyer’s cozy Greenmarket restaurant is a popular place for Chelsea dealers to have power lunches, as well as a popular brunch spot for non-art folk.
Amazing Hells Kitchen Bloody Mary's...extra spicy!
Great spot if you have a dog, just snag a seat outside.
The pastry basket is huge, but too many sweets for just two people at 11am.
Try whole wheat buttermilk pancakes and cast-iron baked "dutch baby" pancake. So far the best pancakes I have eaten here in Nyc!
Three words: Caramel corn sundae
We had a 1:30 brunch reservation on a Saturday and weren't seated until 2. The hostess was very polite and apologetic, though. She even brought over cucumber water to sip while we waited. Delicious!
Some say it's the best bacon in NYC. Worth investigating, no?
Try the beignets. Delicious.
Best ever  Huevos rancheros and bacon Bloody Mary!
Chicken livers - Wow!
Exactly what you want in a good, cheap gyro.
Great fries, not enough chilli sauce though!
The buffalo gyro is my favorite gyro.
Vodka limeade is what's up.  You have to go to the counter to order.
solid taco joint. try the guaco & queso locos. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The catfish queso loco is awesome.
I'm in love with this place!!!! Everything is amazing especially at the wee hours of the morning hHaha :)
Staff is friendly.  The student special is really the way to go if u have a student id. $3 for two hard shell tacos and a soda. #boom.  If not then try their catfish guaco or queso loco tacos
late night burritos
OMG amazing chili cheeze chips!!!!!!
Oh man, there is nothing as good as their Taco Loco.
Queso loco all the way
Try to guac loco cat fish! Amazingness!
Mango frozen margarita + guaco loco taco = NIRVANA
The later it is, and the drunker you are, the better the food gets. They offer one of the cheapest menus northeast of Mexico.
My favorite sleezy texmex in NYC.
Staff eats this nacho-type thing at the end of the night made with chips, rice, guacamole and meat. It's off-menu and doesn't have a name, but chat them up, see if you can get one. Extra stupid sauce.
Eat anything with the chipotle chicken in it. Amazing.
Awesome at 2am no matter what. Mostly cause there's nothing else open at that time
Come to San loco... Lose a tooth
Best rice and bean tacos ever!! Do the taco loca!
Eat here late and at least your head won't be the only thing hurting you in the morning
The stupid sauce is stupid hot!!! Get it on the side!!!
Avoid like the plague, if you paid $20 for the living social deal I would recommend you walk away, you will end up paying more for anger management classes
Big Ds grub is worth the wait for tasting menu... Cute tasty little tacos! Bulgogi and spicy chicken.
Big d has great tacos. Try the spicy chicken one.
Get the Pork Schnitzel from Schnitzel & Things! It is amazing!
The food trucks have two lines- one for cash and one for green ticket samples. Make sure you're in the right one.
LivingSocial quests, don't bother with Frites N' Meats. Their sample is a f*ing dollop of Cole Slaw.
Personally I'm on love with the avocado tomato and walnut pesto sandwich
Great lunch spot!
They tend to run out of soup a lot. Have a backup favorite incase they dont have your first.
I'm not vegan. But their vegan White bean soup is DIVINE.
The morrocan chicken is amazing
The Chicken Florentine panini is delish!!!
Broccoli and cheddar soup is amazing. Just get there earlier than later because they run out of it pretty quickly
Tuscan white bean is phenomenal.
Sundried tomatoe sauce is the best!
I recommend you try the black truffle mayo. It's the best. The curry ketchup and mango chutney mayo aren't so bad either.
Best sauces for fat yummy fries !!
Best authentic Belgian fries !! Love 'sweet mango chutney mayo'
My favorite sauces: sweet mango chutney mayo and the sundried tomato mayo. Amazing must have in east village!
Scrumptious is all I can. Also, a bit sloppy.
Mango sauce. AMAZEBALLLLZZ
Finding and sharing fast food coupons for Mcdonalds, Subway, KFC, Quiznos, Burger King and more at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Roasted Garlic mayo is delicious. They will tell you that Sweet Mango is the most popular flavour, but it will be a let down.
FRIES TO GO!!!
Try the Belgian Fries - So hot and crispy (via @Foodspotting)
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Fries!
Not the cheapest, but these fries will definitely fill you up
For just $4.50, you can enjoy twice fried, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, golden, crisp, delicious belgian fries.
This place only has French fries, but they are the best ever with a million different dips
Huge serving! Unless you're starving, get them to share. And the especial sauce. Noms.
The pomegranate teriyaki mayo is really tasty.
A small is enough for 2 people to split. And holy crap, the Vietnamese pineapple dip is mind blowing and addicting!
pineapple chutney = best
Rosemary garlic oh my gOD
The War Sauce is unique and delicious. Ask for a sample!
Vietnamese pineapple every time
mango chutney. MANGO CHUTNEY!!!!!!!!!
You can ask to try out sauces first - but my personal favorite is the sweet mango chutney or curry ketchup. Also, all of the staff is filipino so if you are too...perhaps score a discount ;)
Ask for a mix of the mango and sweet chili sauce, the old timer's special
Lemon dill mayo. Eat it now and thank us later.
love this place.  get a large: the double is deceptively huge.  mango chutney and parmesan peppercorn are both delicious.
The pomegranate teriyaki sauce is the truthh
The fries are REALLY hot when you first get them :)  BE CAREFUL!
Try all sauces but Mango Chutney is the best
Early bird special is amazing. $13.50 for 3 sushi roles, soup or salad and a beer. Or shrimp tempura udon for $11 plus beer and soup or salad.
My favorite seafood Okonomiyaki! And they have been open since 1985!
Had an all vegetarian appetizer dinner with friends and it was great. Good food and a friendly staff. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Okonomi is the bomb you must get a pancake.
No turtle in the turtle soup?
Natori, an old-timer on a rather uncommercial block of St. Mark's. It occupies a warren of underground rooms and manages to squeeze a few tables onto an entrance courtyard—evening-dining bliss!
Winner of Best Japanese—Sushi in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Perfect intersection of cheap and good.
Alain Levitt calls this his favorite dinner spot in the EV. "It's so easy to get a table and get comfortable. There's always someone else there you know." Recommended dish: the seafood pancake.
Salmon avocado tobiko roll
Good Early Bird special, broiled or fried Alligator (!!!), delicious age tofu and fresh tasty sushi. Nice staff, low key old school NY E Village vibe.
Good Early Bird special, broiled or fried Alligator (!!!), delicious age tofu and fresh tasty sushi. Nice staff, low key old school NY E Village vibe.
Good Early Bird special, broiled or fried Alligator (!!!), delicious age tofu and fresh tasty sushi. Nice staff, low key old school NY E Village vibe.
If you know what's good for you, you'll add udon noodles to your miso soup.
get the deep fried muenster cheese it's a magical mozzarella stick
experiment with different appetizers, everything is healthy and fresh. even monk fish liver pate, if you into that.
Go here for a delicious meal with dishes like the avocado and tuna salad, strong miso soup, and fragrant tea! Wonderful, laid-back atmosphere with real East Village feel... You can't go wrong!
Got the Nabeyaki Udon delivered. Delicious deal.
One off the coowners, Winn, is super friendly and super knowledgeable.
Passion orange guava bubble tea! They can make it less sweet too if u ask
Though my go-to favorite is always the coconut, the taro bubble tea is a fun way to mix things up a bit!
Great tea, super friendly staff and very chill little spot.
Super helpful and nice staff. They're really knowledgeable and are great at pointing you towards the right tea for you.
The peach bubble tea tastes soo good! :)
Strawberry with Lychee jellie :D
Thai Tea Smoothie is different and so yummy.
great place.....tea is always great.....service is excellent!
The Ginger Honey tea to soothe a cold.
I'd suggest the tea.
um.. thai iced tea bubble tea is where its at.
My favorite is the Kumquat Lemon with Lychee Jelly.
Get the Strawberry shortcake tea
So-so burger but great fries
This place is a little bit more expansive than the Grimaldi but at least I didn't have to wait in line. Friendly service and really good pizza. Worth to try.
Check out the Og Bobby Johnson rolling handmade cigars!
Try the Chuletas Habaneras - Pork chop marinated in fresh herbs, chorizo-tomatillo sauce, tamal cubano and asparagus.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cuban Sandwich - Pork ham pickles mustard + bread = deliciousness  (via @Foodspotting)
The Manager Ariel is the worst!!! Has no clue about customer service. The food is delicious but not worth dealing with this obnoxious individual.
Ck out their outdoor garden. GREAT SERVICE
The pollo a la Maggie is freaking unbelievable.
Garden seating, delicious mojitos. Stick with the traditional dishes -- when they get too fancy, the quality suffers.
This place had a very nice, calm atmosphere. The food was very good, especially the Grouper!
Don't get the snapper it's flavorless and fried.
The 50% offer is still showing up on @foursquare but is no longer valid on @scoutmob. So don't try to use it.
Food AND service are wayyyy better during dinner hours.
For appetizers get the Tostones Rellenos (green plantains w/ shrimp fricassee). so tasty. U will NOT be disappointed
Nice patio, but don't bother. Food is mediocre. Cuba on Thompson down the block is much better.
I am Cuban American. This place is not authentic. They don't even have flan de leche, not even Cuban coffee. Left very disappointed.
Went for brunch. The food and drinks were good...a nice change from the boozy champagne brunches.
Best drunk brunch'
Best brunch in the city. Get the empanadas and a rum lemonade : )
good cuban fare. we scoutmob'ed it, but it's a solid lunch choice. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Mojito e Ropa Vieja são sensacionais. E os garçons são simpáticos e atenciosos.
Excelente! As empanadas são deliciosas e a Ropa Vieja é imperdível.
The brunch drink special is so worth the 11 bucks
get the seafood special and the empandandas delious(:
The fried yucca will change your life.
Try the Seafood Paella - Seafood paella time with @danioutloud aka Danielle (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ceviche - Amazing (via @Foodspotting)
Ropa Vieja  & live Jazz <3
Get the ropa vieja, it doesn't get any better.  Not to mention the great drink deals - unlimited for $11?  This is NYC right?
50 % off on scout mob!!!
$11 unlimited drinks for two hours at brunch. Nuff said!
Suckling pig... Damn good!
The village salad is awesome; grilled shrimp was a good addition but not necessary.
How do they make their pita bread so delicious?
The Horiatiki salad with gyro meat is great! Ask for some tatziki sauce on the side. The large salad is bigger and cheaper than two small salads - a great option for two people.
Amazing greek food! Drink red wine & eat appetizers w/ pita breads! Delicious!!
The Avgolemono Soup will cure what ails ya!
Great Greek food. Get the pork souvlaki platter with fries. The servers are even Greek!
Sampled many dishes... unexpectedly authentic. Won't disappoint if you're in the mood for Greek. -Zeus
Phenomenal meals.  Best warm pita and olive oil.
Good food, the only thing missing is ouzo and mastiha from the bar.
New, moderately priced Greek. Nothing particularly novel about the menu, but food was very good, space was cool as service was great. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Fantastic mid range Greek.  A rare winner in this category / location.  Do not skip dessert.
I've been twice.  Noticeable drop in quality of meals (probably related to popularity).
Must order the Alcoholic Octopus!
Great space; the saganaki is very good here.
Try the Gyro Platter - #monstrous #yum (via @Foodspotting)
Have the salmon with a side of Greek salad
Great food and service!
Order chicken souvlaki wrap!
This place is great at night! Stavros is the best bartender.... try the River Horse Belgian Freeze on tap! Dark but super smooth.
Family friendly.
The meatballs were yummy
If you are coming for pick up  call and order in advance. They are very slow during lunch time
Get the loukaniko and the skordalia. Really great food -  tastes very authentic
Had a very filling and tasty meal, little pricey
love the avgolemono soup!
Great beef gyro for lunch
Try the phylo feta and the Greek salad!! Best olive oil ever
New addition to University, best hummus in the area. Awesome chicken gyro, vegetables and deserts.
This stuff is amazing. If you're one for spicy, make sure to try the habanero relish!
Pork chili w/jalapeños, cheese, and raw onions. Mmmm
Look for heart-warming chili and chili dogs from Lucky 777 Chili at our Brooklyn Pour craft beer festival, Oct. 6 at Skylight One Hanson in BK!
Don't like carrying cash? Pay with Dwolla!
great for vegetarians & meat eaters. locally sourced ingredients as well!
Cozy, cute, and brand spankin' new!
My vanilla latte tastes like milk and vanilla. Make sure they put coffee in your cup!
Not enough outlets for charging. I suggest you sit by the baristas next to the restroom.
Brand new store! Opened on 9/4/12
Tax is included in the menu price
Desolate on Sunday evenings.
There's almost always a line here, but the workers are extremely friendly and cheerful, which makes the waiting a bit better. If you want to avoid the lines, avoid 8 AM, noon, and 5 PM.
I could get my own iced coffee faster! Watching my empty cup wait in line at a machine that no one is working on.
Service here has gotten really good. Don't think I've ever had so much fun at a Starbucks.
Go next door. Orders routinely lost here and slowest service times. If you like inefficiency and have time to spare, guess this works then. Otherwise, Financier it up.
sometimes, only 3 guys to serve a continuous line of 25-35 ppl between 11:30am-2pm. Starbucks please take note.
Always lives to expectations as worst Starbucks in NYC. Always.
I think Cindy C is a bit hard on this location. It's busy time is 8:15-9:00 but the line is fast.
I never drank coffee before, this crap is addicting!
Mayhem! Chaos! White-collar frenzy! What fun!
Long long lines. Make sure you have your mobile
The newly introduced Blonde Roast is mild and not acidic, making their drip coffee tolerable and less vile
Try the pumpkin bread
Staff nice, just too much volume for one store
Finally!  Back to realizing most efficient way to manage a long line is to take orders outside the door. By the time you wait to pay, drink is ready and then no crowd in the cramped store.
The most crowded and busy *$ in Ny. Be prepared to waste time waiting for a simple cup of java
It's an ok Starbucks.  Most successful when someone stands outside and takes the orders when the lines are long..  By the time you wait to pay, your drink is ready.  Don't know why they stopped that.
Worst. Starbucks. Ever.
Slow service, a simple iced coffee was half full of coffee grounds, replacement was only 1/4 coffee grounds so I took it and ran.
Upload photos via our website peopleofstarbux.com or for mobile uploads email it - photos@peopleofstarbux.com.  Find us on FB and Twitter - @PeopleofStarbux.
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
Someone took my Coconut Mocha at the pick-up section and ran away with his coworker. With the large crowd and mess, people can easily steal coffee away. >: (
Best dessert is the salted caramel square!
Sync your Amex to get a coffee courtesy of Luke and Dave  - can u guys do something about the line next?
Sync your Amex and get a $3 statement credit
Avoid this place like the plague. Every time I go there is a different problem and most of the employees are rude. They know people will come no matter what so there is no sense of customer service.
Agghh; great coffee lousy service; if there are more than 5 people in line, head to the cafeteria instead (outside of that best coffee in the tower)
Free coffee on Apr 22 if you bring your own mug
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
Worst Starbucks in all of NYC. Go to Financier instead for faster service.
Now with "banh mi"... Really just a peppery, savory, tart sliced pork sandwich. Give it a try, just don't think of it as banh mi.
The least organized/professional/efficient crew on the plaza. But the chicken salad sandwich and Thai iced coffee are worth trying.
expensive but the pulled pork sandwich is damn good
Try the Pulled Pork Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Get your shit together. Ya can't run out of stuff before 3pm
A bit pricey but a great taste with a little kick on the pulled pork and the potato salad.
Finally! A place at the WFC where I can get Thai Iced Coffee! Shaken no less...
Pricey for lunch but worth it. ribs $12 and pulled pork sandwich $9. Hotdog dressed up $7
This has been renamed to Fatty Snacks.
Located on WFC Plaza for the summer!
Don't just stand there drooling.... #SOYUM #notparisbutitwilldo
Try them all... Yum!
Try the lavender macarons! I was feeling adventurous and they were definitely the best tasting ones.
Jasmine+green tea.
Salted caramel macarons are to die for!
Ladurée's the gold standard, but Bisous Ciao's macarons are worth a go, too. Crisp, airy, and available in "classic" and "fleur" collections.
Delicious macarons! Try salted caramel.
these macarons are dessert heaven. try the jasmine and green tea flavor!
Yuzu=yummy
Ditto on the salted caramel. Pass on the poppy.
This place has the most authentic macarons I've tasted downtown. Plus, the employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.. And sport some cute accents :) (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best macarons in the city. Hands down better than Laduree.
the pistachio is one of the best ive EVER had <3
It's not quite Paris, but the macarons here are some of the city's finest.  Try the jasmine green tea or the salted caramel.
BEST MACARON IN NYC
Try their specialty macarons -- go for seasonal flavors. The lemon verbena mint was mind-blowing. For the traditional French macaron, try the violet or rose. You can't go wrong with floral accents.
Best macarons in the city. Perhaps the country.
Luv'd the jasmine macaron
jasmine green tea is Amazeballs!
Must buy 6 to get a box.
Some of the best macarons in NYC with impeccable presentation and generous amounts of filling. My favs are the pistachio, salted caramel, vanilla, jasmine green tea and caramel pecan.
About as close to Paris you're gonna get in the LES. Yet still lightyears away.
Get the salted caramel!
Favorites: rose, violet, salted caramel.
in love with their salted caramel, gianduja, and pistachio
The rose is AMAZING. #2 for me is salted caramel. The 12-pack is totally worth it.
The salted caramel macaron is all you need to know. Also a fan of the sour cherry!
The salted caramel, start there and move to the green tea. Great gifts!
Try the rose. Just like Marie Antoinette ordered.
The salted caramel macaron changed my life... Worth every penny
There are MANY better delis out there. Many of them take credit cards, with or without a minimum (this one does not). Location and convenience are key here.
Kanish with sauerkraut, onions, and mustard.. Yum!
If you come on a Saturday morning, say hi to Hector! He makes the best egg & cheddar sandwiches!
Try #12 sandwich on white toast with a little mayo. Yum!
Freshest soup south of the border
Worst place ever! I do not recommend, I ordered a soup and it was spoiled. The waiter was rude and didn't want to take the soup  back. I'll never come back here again.
Karaoke in the back room
Shabu Shabu, the perfect meal to eat at your own pace.
Trad'l congee is kicked up w/ odd additions like abalone, frog & pork liver. I tried the pork stomach congee for $4 - porridge was creamy & thick but I didn't enjoy the pork stomach - rubbery & salty!
This restaurant is participating  in Chinatown Restaurant Week Mar 9 -18. Have a look at the $18.88 pp menu.
lunch specials are a great deal.
Vegetarians: Get the Tofu General Tso's! Unlike most places, they know how to cook tofu here.
Best take out Chinese I've had in the area.
GET THE BEEF
We live on veggies on steamed chicken and veggies half of the week
Best Chinese around the LES
Chow fun chicken. Hands down.
I see a lot of burger tips, but that Creamy Chicken Pasta is amazing!
Weetbix and Vegemite! And awesome salads
Salad lovers, try the apple prosciutto salad. Fresh apple chunks, crispy prosciutto, and bits of toffee for a salty-sweet surprise. Light eats but satisfyingly full of flavor.
One of my favorite hearty salads in Soho is the roast vegetable salad with roast pumpkin, peppers, goat cheese, pine nuts, and arugula.
Bronte burger – good stuff.
Small kitchen, great food. Get the Creamy Chicken Pasta.
Try the Whaleys Burger - Another smash hit of juicy beef and perfectly prepared toppings on a fresh roll.  Outstanding option at one of my favorite places in NYC (via @Foodspotting)
Chicken avocado salad was super yum!
The Aussies know how to make a good burger.
Let me introduce Bronte to you. He will be your best friend for 10 minutes. Best 'different' burger so far. The pasta has no chance after this burger, but is good, too. I tried 'roasted vegetable'.
Honestly... food wasn't that great (the burgers anyway), made worse by horrible service.
The Bronte is fabulous. Best burger I have ever had. I get it every time. I love this restaurant!
Best burger ever but don't forget to bring cash since this place is cash only
Try the Whaley, awesome australian style burger, beets, pinapple and grade A australian beef...delicious mmm mmm!
Amazing Creamy chicken pasta!
The pear and walnut salad, which also has chicken, is delicious. It's a meal-worthy salad.
The worst service I've ever had in my life. So very rude. The waitress actually called my friend a bitch thinking we couldn't hear her and then the manager defended her.
Anything with pumpkin on the menu wins my approval. Love the menu. I'm definitely coming back for more.
be prepared to wait.
Amazing burger! Super cool music!
Great australian burgers! Taste wild!
All of the burgers are unique (the meat and the bun are...more Australian) and tasty. The real lunch winner is the chicken avo salad. Light and well-dressed, just like your favorite startup employee.
Bronte burger!
Bronte burger for the win - one of the best burgers around!
All Bronte burger everything.
O serviço demorado se justifica pelo enorme salão que possui... 4 mesas.
i cant believe no one talks about their pasta! its anazing.... 5eir rag bol is off the roof. so is shrimp and italian sausage and creamy chi
Bronte with a fried egg is the best burger I've had in NYC. Not traditional but amazing
Super trendy Ksubi fashion trashbag model hangout. If you go here and are Aussie, embrace your inner cliche!
Awesome Aussie joint. Get the Bondi or Bronte burger (named after 2 beautiful Sydney beaches). Wash it down with Coopers pale ale
Excellent pizza. Great decor.  Not very long wait.
Good pizza, not that good service for "outsiders"
Just order carry out. Ready in minutes.
La mejor pizza que he comido en mi vida.
Make sure everyone in your party is present when asking for a table. You will get seated faster that way.
The Amazing Race says its the first pizzeria in New York
Since the dressing isn't mixed in, I'm waiting till my husband tosses my salad.  All jokes aside, this pizza sets a new standard, and I'm a born/raised Chicagoan. Sorry to leave thru the door.
John Stewart was right. This place is great. http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/wed-june-1-2011/me-lover-s-pizza-with-crazy-broad
Best pizza in New York! Impresionantes pizzas, local acogedor, servicio perfecto. Imprescindible la White Pizza y la Original.
Go small or go home.
La mejor pizza ;p
Amazing pizza! Order the marguerite pizza com extra toppings of pepperoni and sliced tomatoes. Amazing!
First pizza joint in the U.S., excellent Original Margherita pizza! Definitely competes with the best CT pizza joints, Colony, Pepe's, Rosalind and Modern.
Best pizza ever.
A tourist trap, yes, but nothing beats a coal fired oven pizza with a pitcher of Yuengling
Great pizza! One of the best! And don't forget to take some sangria!
Really friendly staff and good margarita pizza.  Cash only though, and they have tons of competition for Napoli style
Amazing amazing food! Get it loaded! Here is a list of other local spots in NYC worth checking out, including some free entertainment: http://theblogappleguide.blogspot.com/
Best pizza ever!
Always packed, even on the weekdays.  Expect to wait at least 20 minutes. Well worth every second!
Great NY pizza in TriBeCa...
Pizza was perfected in Chicago.
Rien d'exceptionnel, aucune émotion en bouche, des pizzas parmi t'en d'autres.
The Sangria is amazing. Get a carafe because a glass will not do.
Try the white pizza .. It's different but a little bland for my taste.
Uno de los mejores pizzería que he probado en mi vida
It's so good that you should take home and have it injected in your veins.
Get a clam pizza! worth every bite!
Order Sonny's pie: spicy italian sausage, ricotta, fresh garlic, extra basil.
The pies are super saucy
If this one is too busy, there is another Starbucks across Union Square Park. There is also one in the B&N on 17th.
Don't let the behemoth line scare you. These guys are pros and will have you "go-juice" of choice ready in a flash!
Пусть в Новом году у нас будет всё чего нельзя купить: любовь, здоровье, счастье и друзья
Some baristas are very sarcastic. Not my favorite Starbucks
As of 2012, Brazil was the world's biggest exporter of coffee beans and accounted for nearly 40% of the world's coffee production.
As a loyal customer who has been in MANY Starbucks establishments, I can say this one in Union Square is perhaps the dirtiest I've ever seen.
Great customer service and great music.
Nice Coffe !
Found out that all Starbucks have this rule where the baristas can only make 1 drink at a time. Slows stuff down, but this location is faster than many, considering location. Friendly staff, tip them!
Coffee tastings daily!
Dulce de Leche Cremé Frappuccino es lo masss
When you don't hear your customer's order, you say "pardon?" or "excuse me?", not "what?"
Don't stop here if you have to pee. Only 1 bathroom
Free Refresher Friday! Tall size only, but it's perfect for a day like today.
Not the best service
Don't forget to tip your barista!
FYI: Venti White Mocha with whipped cream; 580 calories, 22g fat.
very very fun
Great place to relax :D
Only one restroom which often means an extremely long line. You're better off going to Petco or B&N acrosse the street.
This has to be the slowest SB in New York.
Line is always way to long... Baristas move in 2 speeds.. Slow and stop... Orders wrong... My worst starbucks experience
Love their Trenta iced green tea lemonade!! Lasts me a couple hours whole im at work..Lines are always so long but they are always so friendly!!
Cashier took our order but waited five minutes before passing it to the people that make the drinks. Also, he screwed up the order.
Good luck with the bathroom line
Don't be scared by the long line. They move it pretty quickly!
If you see a long line, that means you're going to wait a while. Use common sense and go to the next Sbux in the 3 block perimeter. Thanks
Super slow baristas... Not sure how they are still employed!
Service is abysmal and you should go to the one on east side of Union Sq.
This public restroom also serves coffee
New York's best kept secret! They also serve cheesecake factory desserts!
Chances are you'll be sharing a table with someone else at some point. But if you need a whole table to yourself then you're automatically an asshole.
Not a Starbucks! It's a Barnes & Noble Cafe serving Starbucks drinks & Cheesecake Factory desserts
They have amazing pepperoni pizza here!
They got rid if 2 many tables & seats... =\
No place to plug in :(
Window seat, good for people watching
Try the veggie sampler for 2 appetizer! Its spectacular!!
I've been obsessed with the sweet and sour sensation and the sesame medallions for years.  The rest looks delish but I wouldn't know because I can't get past these two dishes!
Mini veggie loafz my go-to dish.
Odd to say about a vegetarian dish, but the sizzling medallions kind of lacked in.. vegetables :)
Order for delivery on Seamless and it arrives in 10 minutes. Magic.
ZEN PALATE got a health rating of B with 14 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/23569
Sesame medallions are yummy, but the cantonese pan fried noodles are standard
STUDENTS: Check out the $8.95 Lunch Special!More at CampusClipper.com!
Great lunch special - 11am-5pm
The sesame medallions are my go-to, but the curry dish is also amazing.
Try the Sesame Medalions - #vegitarian (via @Foodspotting)
Also the pineapple ice tea is amazing!
If you are a new vegetarian and still have meat cravings, then you should try the Zen ham. It tastes like real meat minus the fat.
The Hong Kong style fettuccine entree is really good. The sweet and sour sensation is not so sensational.
their curry noodle soup is the best!
We had miso soup, soy duck wrap, kale/seaweed salad, & south by southeast. All of it dull and flavourless, except soup - too salty. Did we order wrong?
We had miso soup, soy duck wrap, kale/seaweed salad, & south by southeast. All of it dull and flavourless, except soup - too salty. Did we order wrong?
The Zen Burger and yam fries are worth the trip
Went here on NYE for dinner with friends: ordered the Maki roll for appetizer, pad fried noodles for entree and the chocolate  cake for dessert.  After all the New Year's partying, I started feeling s
Apple iced tea, yo.
Taste of Curry dish has awesome vegetarian ingredients and awesome silky tofu!!! Delicious and very hearty too!
Try the Curry Supreme
Sweet and sour sensation is a vegetarian's heaven. Try the wonton soup too!
Happy hour drink and food specials weekdays 4-6 pm
Get a Palmier here. They're delicious.
Eat Mightily!
Try the ilili - Lamb and Beef Bone Marrow Shish Barak and spot it on Foodspotting!
Service was terrible.  Truely one of the worst dining experiences.  The food was ok.
Koi Diablo cocktail has the best blend of spice and citrus. Amazing!!!
Konichiwa! One of my new favs! Order double tuna roll and famous crispy rice! Http://www.itunes.com/officialhank
sushi + savory dishes in a rainforest-esque design
The head chef is fo real
Never know what you're going to get at Les Dean. Always a surprise but always tasty
One of my little Italy favs! Pop artist http://www.itunes.com/officialhank
Excellent service!! Get the calamari and the tiramisu for dessert.
Wear something warm. It's a little chilly with the open air dining.
Anything you order is perfect - Recommend by GayHills. Com
Ordered the carpaccio, it was very salty. The short fettuccine size parmigiana were not cut fresh. No kids menu but can make 1/2 size pasta for kids
This place sucks. The chicken parm was all parm and no chicken, the pasta was hard, and the service forgetful and slow. I regret coming here
Must try the Fra Diavlo.  Yang loved it
Delicious home made tiramisu.
Amazing food
Fresh bread and seasoned olive oil is deadly. You WILL devour everything in the basket. Food itself was perfect. Will be back!
All the food is fantastic !!!!!And great people
This the location of the original Umberto's where, "back in the day" Crazy Joe Gallo of Red Hook Brooklyn was assassinated.
Wonderful food. I got the ravioli and it only came with 4 raviolis, but everyone else I was with had an abundance of food.
I would skip this one - great atmosphere but very mediocre food. Not what you'd expect in Little Italy.
If the accordion player shows up, have a tip ready for his hat. He's not free.
If the soup of the day is the seafood medley in a light broth - GET IT.
Good restaurant.
Good restaurant.
Friendliest people, just had to use the bathroom and decided to come in for drinks. Little Italy's finest!
Don't take this the wrong way, but this place seems like Little Italy's garbage can. Try your luck somewhere else. Food is subpar with an average waitstaff.
Highly recommend the lobster ravioli- awesome.
Find the name "Umberto's" carved in the sidewalk out front -- That's how you know you're at the real location of gangster “Crazy Joe” Gallo's 1972 murder!
The dipping oil is hands down the best thing I've ever had. So good. We bought three bottles to take home!
They are really attentive to refilling your water.
The lunch special is a good deal. We had the lasagna and the canneloni. Don't sleep on the garlic olive oil!
The lobster ravioli only comes with four ravioli. Boo.
The bread and olive oil is delish. Didn't love the mussels (white sauce) but I'd come again for the seafood risotto.
Really good wait staff, nice maitre Ds (they really do speak italian!) and good food. We had pizza (ask them to cook it well!)
The waiter was nice but didn't know what to do when I told him there was a problem with my dish. This is my third time here and I will not be returningOverAll, i rate it a 3Hope this helps you out!
I ordered a bottle of Riesling and they didn't bring a wine bucket until dessert. For dessert we got hot creme brûlée, gross. And a  cannoli that was okay.
Not really a restaurant more of a stand! Here is where to get sweet tofu, fresh soy milk, freshly made noodles in different sizes, and chrysanthemum tea. Most items $1 or less.
Try Mezcal Picante! It's a recipe by ALCHEMIQ!
cute date place, beware of smokers in outdoor seating.
Located in the basement level of a tucked away street in Chinatown, this is one of our best kept secrets. Our tip: Every Tuesday they offer a “Pasta and Wine” dinner for $16.
The garden is an awesome place to reserve for events. I had my birthday here in the spring. Also the chianti is a must for dry red wine lovers.
Overrated.
I loved this place. Food was great.
Try Mezcal Picante if you like smoky & sour cocktails. It's a little spicy and it's ALCHEMIQ recipe! :)
You have to try one of Igor's signature cocktails. Simply magical!
Used a groupon here, and the food was good. But, I literally waited 30 mins for our bill.
Tuesday is $29 tasting menu night and it's WAY worth it. Super generous portions and you don't have to do full table tasting.
cosy location with great service
Amazing staff! Get the short rib ragu.
Amazing Chocolate Cake
Great atmposhere and staff. If the weather's great, enjoy your diner at the secluded terrace.
Non-descript, low-key spot w/great drinks & menu that changes seasonally. During Summer: nice outdoor area in back to eat and/or have drinks at. Wed nights: three-piece jazz band.
Don't forget your bag! Great drinks.
For a deli in this neighborhood, they've got a pretty decent selection of beers!
Who doesn't like to purchase their blistered tomatoes and jesus candles w/ out mariachi music in the background?
I love bodega's, & this one is no exception
Pet the cat! She's nice.
Total rip off for beer- even an off-brand six pack passes the $12 mark. But some random stuff is a steal! $1.69 for bay leaves! Suck it Whole Foods!
Alana is awesome! She makes you feel at home no matter how far you have flown.
lobster ravioli all the way but most importantly, pay attention to their specials..
Old world comfort where you can enjoy veal chop alla salvia, lobster fra diavolo and branzino al forno. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Elana is awesome bartender, say hi.
Veal Parm is just the best.
Veal Milanese is classic and very good.
A Culinary Institute of America education inspired Chef Sue Torres, and it shows in the scrumptious Mexican cuisine at her restaurant, Suenos. Learn more about the CIA.
The pork mini tacos are a must!
A) Get the Paloma. B) Food here is delish but more sweet than savory for "Mexican."
Reservations don't mean a lot here so be prepared to wait.
Gotta get the chicken quesadilla. Just do it! Also, they have a cool garden in the middle of the restaurant. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The menu itself is great, but they usually have specials that are incredible.
The Cod, side of Sweet Potato Gratin and a Passion Fruit Margarita!!!   YUM!!!
Enjoy complimentary chips and salsa at the bar. Buy one, get one free happy hour Tuesday - Sunday from 5-7 p.m. The deal applies to their top-notch margaritas, as well as sangria and bottled beer.
You must get the passion fruit margarita with salt & on the rock! The chicken enchiladas *thumbs up* & for dessert? Churros, tres leches, keylime pie
Everything is delish, but the shredded beef mini tacos are my fave. Also love the cornbread w/ black bean dip. Oh, and don't miss the margs. ;)
Get the shredded beef mini tacos. They are amazing!!!
Taco fan? On Sunday and Tue nights, get their taco pre fix 3 meats or veg, rice/beans, guac and other toppings, salad and an amazing dessert for $35 a person (min 2 people). A LOT of food, delicious!
Man the margaritas here are bangin! With food to match of course...
The chips and salsa are the best! Sooo good.
ambiance is perfect for a date. food is ok. nothing horrible, but nothing great. definitely worth a try if you're in the area
Try the shredded-beef mini taco here, you'll get six deep-fried tortillas cradling shredded beef melded with a sweet-and-smoky BBQ sauce. It's one of NYC's 26 best tacos!
The tres leche cake sucks. Bland cake with some canned cherries and milk on the plate. Lazy preparation. Bad taste. Not even moist. Disappointing.
2-for-1 happy hour margaritas!
Try their tequila-flamed shrimp stack & bittersweet chocolate cake!
Found the food here to be very bland and way overpriced.
At this beloved Sue Torres resto? We're all about the tequila. The selection here is thoughtful, with many handcrafted brands and small producers who use 100% organically grown agave.
Home made tortillas in this trendy decor unforgetable
Pretty pricey for what you get. Beed mini tacos were delish.
Gorgeous decor, gorgeous food. Worth a trip for sure!
Free wifi (Tribeca)
Roasted butternut squash ftw.
TriBeCa worker favorite. Great half-sandwich, half-soup lunch special here for $10.
Lunch special is $12 for half a sandwich and a small soup. I particularly love the moroccan chicken sandwich!
Get the cappuccino and orange juice. Always great. Sandwiches are just ok today.
(continued)  He just needs to slow down and not jump the gun and know that customers like us don't mind paying an extra $10 to correct our own ordering mistake.
Only prob this Sat morning was the cashier. Was rushing us then annoyed when we wanted to order another breakfast because he thought we wanted to exchange our meal.
oh my god. Salami Milano, where have you been all my life.
Wasn't wowed here. The carrot cake was dry and crumbly, and the lemonade was ok
Good place to go for a Sunday soup & sandwich w/ your laptop.
Moroccan chicken sandwich is the only good thing here. Sometimes the soups are okay.
Get the hot vegetable panini - w sweet potato and goat cheese. Delic
Mushroom Brie soup. Amazing!
Get the Mushroom & Brie soup.
The moroccan chicken sandwich is excellent.
Moroccan Chicken is a legit sandwich.
Try the ham and croissant omelet..so good!
Sit outside on the white benches for some sun and people watching.
Is this place kinda moviemakers' spot?
Worst scone ever
Panini looks great!
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Not as pricey as some are saying. $12 for a big, healthy, balanced lunch combo is great for Tribeca. Toss in the beautifully open space and the owners' indifference to 6 hr sittings, and it's a gem.
The Half Sandwich/Half Soup is an awesome deal!!! So worth it! Plus great selection of sandwiches.
pricey as hell. but, atmosphere keeps me coming back.
Try the new chicken teriyaki sandwich.
Best iced latte in the area. A little pricey, but worth it.
For the area the lunch special is pretty fair.
Good for breakfast meetings
Half soup & salad! (tomato garlic)
They don't have a working phone.
The chocolate chip cookie. Worth every calorie.
Chicken!!!
Get the dark chocolate chunk cookie with sea salt.
Cons: Egg sandwich is premade before you get there - Pro: Egg sandwich is like a big boy egg mcmuffin. And if you don't like egg mcmuffin a you're a jerk.
Three words - Chedda Bay Biscuits.
Everything on the menu always sounds and looks delicious!! My only complaint is that there's 1 vegetarian sandwich :-/ bummer. Bonus: lots of eye candy on Howard St
Perfect lunch food. Convenient if you have jury duty, too!
Holy crap these sandwiches are good
chocolate chip cookies with maldon sea salt by pastry chef Brenna White
Try the PB&J Cookie (via @Foodspotting)
Have a box packed with roasted beets, kale salad, curried cauliflower and a silky eggplant caponata. Don’t forget to get a giant chocolate chip cookie studded with flakes of sea salt for dessert:
Try the Eggplant Caponata Salad.
A recent favorite, Smile to Go has a nice selection of warm goodies for lunch.
Smile To Go got a health rating of A with 5 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/29643
HOLY SHIT KALE SALALD IS BOMB
We all love the daily selection of fresh veggie sides and the dark chocolate chip cookies with sea salt.
Sides are pretty tasty (albeit a bit too oily at times).  Keep an eye out for the nutty fig spelt muffin - it's a real treat!
The menu is grounded by staples like rotisserie chicken and rotating vegetable sides like grilled endive and cauliflower with chilies, capers and saffron.
Quick, easy, and delicious
The mains are the way to go. It makes for an expensive lunch but two people could easily share the rotisserie chicken and roasted potatoes.
We used to work right down the block from the original smile and were excited to see Smile to go is now open in the neighborhood. Great for simple goodies (plus the chickens look great).
Love the chicken salad sandwich here.
Small coffee. But Is GOOD!Also their Fresh Pastries are baked Behind the counter.
Everything is good on the black board
Matt and Carlos have produced another gem.  Loosely based on St Barth's Maya's To Go, this place has delicious sandwiches and pastries. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
they say 'to go,' but, for a nice break, ask which baked thing is best, grab a coffee and sit. stay.
try the banana cardamom bread and have a coffee in the window.
The Smile has opened this takeout-focused shop in Soho. Blood-orange-and-Delicata-squash salad, Cheddar-apple biscuits and honey pies (with pastries by a former M. Wells pastry chef) are on the menu
Try the coffee and stay awhile.
Remind Laurel what your name is!
Never hated a dessert until I tried the cannoli here. Not impressed.
Actually the best cannoli ever
$10 minimum for credit cards.
The best cannolli ever
Amazing a must go to!
Baby John makes the Best Cannoli!
El tiramisu es una Chimba parce
Ask for la chimbita
Chocolate Cannoli's 
Great canolllis!
The peanut butter cannoli will change your life!
Try the Cannoli - I think it is as they claim 'best cannoli on the planet' . Super Yum! (via @Foodspotting)
the owner is passionate and treats the customer right
This Chocolate Cannoli is fantastic. The Creme Brûlée is delicious. And I'm in love with their Cherry Italian Soda
Two words: TOURIST TRAP! You'll wind up paying more for coffee & dessert than you did for dinner. I had better cannolis from the grocery store. These were pre made left in the fridge to get soggy.
Literally the coldest fluid water on planet earth. I literally... I just... try it.
If you want to eat in...order at your seat, or else they tell you to relocate.
Always take the cannoli!
Try the cannolis!
Terrible service, don't bother
Grab a cup of coffee with the cannoli. Super good.
They do not lie:  Best Cannoli on Planet Earth!  Seriously, the creme was not too rich and I could taste the nutmeg just enough... so complex and perfect!
They are right... Best cannoli on planet earth.
Gotta have the cannoli...it really is the best in the planet!
The cannoli are amazing ! =D   AND the staff was very polite actually.
Dream bomba, peanut butter tartufo is great!  Cappuccino was very smooth.
Don't be afraid to try the gelato specialties! Gelato, good conversation and people watch in LIttle Italy, what more can you ask for?
Love love the cannoli! :D :D <
The owner is sooooooo rude. Don't go there.
Best cannoli I ever had !! Can't wait to go back !!
Amazing food and service. Don't forget to use Tabbedout to close your tab!
The apple crisp is 100% worth the wait.
The rum pig is a great island reminder of SWR Bars Goombay Smash!
Pretty small portions. Plan for meal #2.
Beer was $7. With tax it was $7.60. Gave the guy $10. He gave me back $2. Math, anyone?
Long on attitude, short on class.  Not recommended.
We found Cisco beer!
Gorgeous natural light, average brunch. The egg sandwich wasn't bad.
Great Painkiller.
The Lobster Roll was unbelievable... Don't eff around... Just order it and thank me later
Billed as a Nantucket bar. It ain't. And it's kinda dirty. But selection of Cisco brews on tap is good.
There's a secret back room & chef's table opening in Fall 2012.
try the real Dortmunder
Good cocktails like the south-side, very refreshing!
The Wren but with better burger's and a few blocks south
New England-style raw bar. Seafood privately sourced from Maine. Fresh oysters. Expect live-edge Saxelby cheese boards. Potato-bunned cheeseburgers.Twelve taps and a grip of bottles.
Grab a Dab
Flatbread can be made-to-order.
Try the roti rolls.
If you want really spicy roll then ask for "Sonalee Spicy Roll"!!!
Tasty and cheap. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for extra chutney and onions. All rolls are good
1 isn't enough for lunch but 2 is too many. Find a friend to split it with & go for 1 1/2 each.
I've had 90% of the menu and its all GREAT food. You MUST get a chai too.
Wrap (any one) and a mango lassi...PERFECT quick meal!
The occasional groupon gets u 2 Roti rolls for $7...awesome deal..
Ask for Masala Chai (Herb infused Indian tea with milk)
Get the tawa chicken. So good.
Try the Taka Tak Lamb. Spicy but delish
Craving inexpensive Indian cuisine? Come grab a $6 Roti roll or 2 for $11.  Try the Seekh Kabob Roll w/ minced lamb, onions & Indian spices.
They have awesome Chai. Its really small but only $1.50.
Get Tawa chicken if you eat chicken. Else, get paneer but ask for extra chutney.
Get there before 12:30 to avoid a long wait.  Chefs here are slooooooow
Its dirty as hell. But they make great coffee
If you've gotta go peepee, you've gotta ask the manager nicely... After you buy a Big Mac.
No lemon for my tea...smh  illegal
This place is weird sometimes....
Not sure why this venue has a 14th Street address when the entrance is on 7th Avenue but it is what it is.  It's actually a McDonald's express.
Dont like ,they don't hv sweet tea or freaking mc flurry ,not nice .
They complete your order so fast that they totally forget to make food the way you asked for it.
The Chocolate Dipper (Even better than it looks)
black and white cookie -- best!
Any of the straight up old-fashioned will satisfy. Also go for the crullers when they're around. As with any doughnut shop... the earlier, the fresher, the better.
any glazed donut here is amazing
MY NAME IS SERDA DAULAT MANIK  , I LIVE DUTA BANDARA
Red Velvet Donuts. HOLLA!
If you’re looking for a Valrhona triple-chocolate doughnut or exotic ingredients like matcha, you won’t find them here. What you'll find is the epitome of a glazed doughnut (they call it a Honey Dip).
sabguuuuuuuuuan
Hello.everyone.good afternoon
GREAT service. They know the regulars by name. Feel free to ask for a donut recommendation. They'll steer you in a good direction.
Best french crullers we tasted
The concept of this place is fun, isn't it?  The donuts generally taste better than the other goodies, I think.
Best donuts in Manhattan.
The Honey Glazed are the city's best, hands down.  Might as well take a seat, grab a coffee and take it all in - what's the rush?
Perfect drunk food. Seriously, their bacon, egg and cheese on toasted white is quite good.
the holes.
Simply cop-tastic!
Donuts are good but try the monster cookies.  You deserve it! -@foodpusher
"Donut Pub makes doughnuts holes in both yeast and cake. Try both forms in cinnamon-sugar, blueberry, plain, and (especially) red velvet cake." - Serious Eats
They're still warm....
They have my favorite black and white cookies!
French cruller. Nuff said.
DOUGHTNUT HOLES available in Red Velvet Cake!
Just witnessed the most beautiful painting! If you're in the neighborhood plz stop by! P.sThis is a crazy good donut spot that's open 24hrs an absolute must
Get the edible flower donut
The French Cruller is the best donut ever!!!
Best Doughnut Holes: Try yeast and cake in cinnamon-sugar, blueberry, plain, and (especially) red velvet cake. No more returning to red velvet cupcakes after this.
Great iced coffee, but just fyi - the word "pub" is a misnomer. I came here expecting to get a beer with my donuts but no such luck. Epic fail.
The apple fritters here are amazing!
Our concierge William at Smyth says that the best doughnuts in the city are found here. Open 24 hours and a favorite spot of Louis C.K.
"gimme some more of that what sauce - yah buddy"
A grand, elegant and mature way to enjoy a meal before a night at the opera.  Enjoy their seasonal pre-curtain prix-fixe menu – the mushroom bisque and the crab cakes were divine.
The Grand Tier at Lincoln Center's Metropolitan Opera House is a shrine to elegance and artistry.
The dress code is formal and as such you can expect an exquisite dining experience here.  Perfect for a pre-theater meal.
Waitstaff does not care about death allergies!
Peach sorbet is amazing, complete with the occasional bit of skin. Not chemically flavored.
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day, we all scream for ice cream on December 13th. http://exm.nr/sfKAhx
Get one scoop of hazelnut and one scoop of chocolate. Perfection. Need I say more?
Mon-Sat 10am-11pmSun 10am-10pm
My favorite gelato spots north of 59th St!!!
best gelato I've ever had anywhere on Earth. Get the Madagascar vanilla
Banana bread......yammmmm
If your with a group look for a seat first ;)
They are too impatient, but the paradox is that you waiting 5 minutes for a frappuccino with double chocolate. You can get mad!
Dropped my coffee but they made another one, slow but friendly
Please don't train your Baristas when the place is absolutely packed, 15 mins and counting!
Not that slow, they are just BUSY as hell!
Food + Drink Editor of lifestyleandcharity.com recommends buying the Indivisible Blend to support the Create jobs for USA Fund! Created with the blonde roast which is a fav!
They've gotten much quicker and I've never encountered rudeness. But for some reason Friday mornings are always insanely busy!
Employees are rude and inconsiderate
Extremely rude!
It's faster than u think
Don't plan on using the bathroom here..disgusting!
Agreed...SLOW Baristas Fast cashiers...
This staff is super sweet, but also super slow. Great at remembering the orders of regulars tho!
Take ur photo its wayy cool
Worst service they let me wait for 10mins just to say they forget my drink!!! And no apologize from them WORST EVER!!!
Very efficient starbucks!
Got my order wrong and had slow service. Glad I'm just visiting.
I think they're finally getting they're shit together in this location.
Long lines, slow staff, often rude to the tourists, which is crazy since they're in Times Square.
The Pumpkin Spice Latte is to die for!
The longest Starbucks line in the history of the United States.....  :(
Slowest Starbucks in creation. Giid thing they're in Times Square or they'd go broke.
Staff uses the phrase "following guest" - so irritating.
Srsly rude staff. Go to the one on 47th between 6th & 7th instead (in the NHL store). Much friendlier & pretty quick.
Let me repeat - Nice, but slowest staff in NYC in competition w Grand Central's Sbuxs.
Great coffee
Extremely rude staff.  This its the worst location I have experienced.
SLOWEST STAFF EVER. There are 26 people ahead of me.
No breakfast sandwiches are you kidding me?
Ask for chopping salad before getting dressing otherwise no chopping allowed!
Unlimited Salad Bar! Why eat lunch anywhere else?
The salad bar has EVERYTHING - even sprouts!  Burrito bar is surprisingly good
Better, cheaper, and faster than Cafe Duke.
Cocktails are great!
Be prepared to wait more than one hore for the food to come. And it wont be amazing. The bread is good though.
The French Onion Soup recommendation was right on. Best ever!
We love the French onion soup with bubbling Gruyere cheese over a piping hot bowl of soft onions and broth.
Looks like someone needs to learn the difference between a latte and a cappuccino...
The $24 granola is pretty outrageous but if you're a-club elite, enjoy your free welcome drink!
Today's special Organic Chicken
Practice some of your French and order a delish champagne
They have surprisingly good omelettes!
Go for the fried onions and perhaps try them on a grilled cheese - this has been a favorite of mine since growing up as a toddler in NYC!
One of the most bland and tasteless burgers I have ever eaten
A good spot for a quick and easy burger!
Omg - it's rush hour (lunch) and everyone working here is soooo nice & attentive!!!! That's awesome service! :)
A classic NY institution produces a burger that might not live up to its name, but is decent none the less.
Tomato and feta omlette is awesome.
Love the burger deluxe!
More like "Burgatory"...
Beautiful, quiet parks on both sides.
I love their iced tea here. And try the breakfast items if you can!
I dropped a Collectivus #Thingie Hashtag Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Good food, good price.
Worst service and waiter was really inattentive no tip will be given .....
Great service nice staff!
Great fast service food served hot.  Will come back for sure
Joan Rivers ate here!
The veggie burger is fantastic! The service here is really fast and really great :)
They do have the best black and white shakes-I've been known to have 2 at a sitting. This is also "the apprentice" Burger Heaven in NYC from the season featuring Cyndi Lauper, Darryl Strawberry etc.
Try the onion rings
Try the lean and mean omelette, delicious.
Who knew a burger joint had such great Shrimp Caesar Salads
pulled pork sandwich is the bizness!!!
Best iced coffee EVER!!!!
Don't get any of the tropical green tea!! They're mine!!!!
These guys are awesome :)
Caramel Frappe From Illy's are to die for. Pretty Pricey but so delish. :)
hidden gem of a coffee - beats the Starbucks 10m away
I prefer Sbux, but if you do go here, take advantage of your Sony employee discount.
Mocha frappes here are better here than @ starbucks. Have them add a shot of hazlenut!
Try it iced with a shot of vanilla
add a little liquid sugar to your coffee.
Ask for an espresso in a porcelain cup, it's worth the extra few cents!
Better than the Starbucks it shares the public space with.
The service here sucks! I only go here because it's close by. Way overpriced!!!!!!
Love the lobster bisque, it's my new favorite, better than Hale & Hearty. They only have it Wed & Fri. Say hi to Jackie in the mornings, she replaced the woman w/ the tattoos, but she's just as nice.
egg whites and cheese on an english muffin for breakfast.
I'm clearly a fan of the French Toast. Love the woman who works the register in the mornings, w/ the tattoos.
The best ribeye I've ever eat!
10oz Filet Mignon on the Restaurant Week menu for no extra supplement! ....and some delicious coconut layer cake to finish :-)
At the Grill, just order your favorite drink. The price doesn't matter. You'll be drunk after two. Most generous pours in the city.
The bathroom smells like old people.
Great steak but bring your wallet
Colorado Rib steak is amazing!
Get the seafood buffet and porterhouse for 2
Used to loved this spot... Sadly has become a catch all for bad (sloppy) drunks and bridge & tunnel types.
Ask for the pretzel rolls yum. The cornbeef hash appetizer is unbelievable. As is the Mac and cheese. Filet mignon is good.
My fave Cajun Rib-eye. ;9
Bartenders here are as awesome as the Vegas location. Which is now independent of the mothership.
Hier gibt's das perfekte Steak.
The coconut layer cake is really good.
The roasted cauliflower is fantastic
Pea Soup is delicious! A must try'
The four piece shrimp cocktail is and will be the highlight for me.
The Coconut Layer Cake was really good
Filet Mignon Roquefort  & Creamed Spinach was good
Good food nice location
Awful hash brown!!
Trying the (8 yr) Red Label, (12 yr) Black Label, (15 or 18 yr) Green Label, (no age) Blue Label
Check for my plaque above the door to the main dining room.
http://www.smithandwollensky.com/home
Steak was good but not great. Not relevant but our waiter looked like Fred Flintstone.
Tuna tartare was great
Pat Ford CHS '71 makin it happen
Cajun ribeye, creamed spinach, hash browned potato, and sea food tower. Can't go wrong with that...
Tip on Filet Mignon : "Yumm... This is the closest to Luger that I can find in the city.".
Have a dirty vodka martini & a rare steak with mac & cheese at noon on Tuesday with the little 80 year old retired mafiosi men sitting at their own tables & yelling across the room at each other.
HOLY GIANT CHICKEN CEASER SALAD BATMAN! Delicious.
Welcome to my restaurant. Looking forward to more time with close friends!
Expect upscale Latin bites like tacos stuffed with chicken fricassee, and empanadas with eggplant and goat cheese.
Quite expensive, but one of the few lunch places in the neighborhood. Their cold sandwiches are pretty good.
Overpriced, this cost me over $11. Not freshly prepared but nuked.
Good window seats!
Good breakfast wraps
Awesome meatloaf sauce :))
Brie, pears and dijon mustard on their homemade brioche.  Perfection.
Coffee is fine.
Walnut raisin isn't bad but not the best.  No Green Machine Naked juice just FYI!
They have the best black and white cookies in the city.
Love this place. Get the Flat Everything bagel toasted with your choice of spread. Add tomato too
It's not like I'm the biggest fan of bagels, but the toasted bagels w/ cream cheese or butter are great! If you don't want too much cheese, ask for less, because they certainly aren't stingy with it!
Whole wheat everything is one of the best bagels I've had in the city
Best buttered bagep i have ever had ;)
Get the chicken salad on an everything. Not toasted.
Smoked salmon and cream cheese or ham, swiss cheese and eggs. They are simply delicious. In my opinion, it's better if it's toasted.
Their black and whites are stupendous!
Don't toast your bagel.  They are so fresh and so good.
Great bagels!
Try their marzipan rainbow cookies. Mad good!
Best place on the UES!!
I had the penne alla vodka not impressed. The calamari and eggplant app were good. Can definitely get better Italian on the Ues - UVA, pinocchios , etc.
Tried this place twice: good dine in experience but delivery not so great. No consistency in food quality. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I used to buy my spaghetti sauce from these guys. Super food. Great burgers.
Veal parm is a huge portion served over spaghetti!
The complimentary biscote w fresh whip cream is amazing
One of my fav chicken Parms in the city
My fav italian place in NYC. Great chicken Parm, in and out for $20 / pp
The best Italian food. In NY.
AMAZING Fettucini Toscana
Korilla BBQ was awe-some
Date-banana-lime shake pretty dope!
If you skip the food, the beer works better
Blackberry & Basil Popsicles = Yum.
Falafel is pretty good
Ask for the special shaved ice
The FOOD was OK but the PRICES wasn't. The atmosphere was very OLD SCHOOL #imjustsaying
Chicken Parm sando is one of the tastiest in the neighborhood. Great fries too - perfect delivery spot thanks to Seamless!
Just had a delicious meal there tonight....nice people and a quaint old time diner feel...love it.
Good diner. Fast service.
Best little diner in the neighborhood!
Лобстеры за $34 - это прекрасно!
This place is my favorite! Get anything plus the onion rings. They're the bomb!
Connecticut lobster roll- filled with fresh lobster on a buttery roll. Yum!
Amazeballs lobster salad with avocado and grapefruit slices. Lobster bisque is perfect with pieces of lobster and corn. Hmmm mom good! :)
Lobster Claw Bloody Marys. Pint-sized and 9 bucks.
The lobster roll is on par with the best in the city but being that this is Brooklyn, you get more for your money, with a choice of fries, salad, or chips. And if you ask nicely, watermelon
Make sure you get the lobster rancheros at lunch, amazing!!!
Lobster claw bloody mary ... Impressive!
$1 oysters, $4 lobster sliders, $4 draft beers, $16 pitcher, 4-7pm, Monday-Friday.
Huge portions of fresh, tasty seafood at a lightening quick pace. From 4-7 p.m. on weekdays you can get $1 oysters, $4 sliders, $4 drafts and $16 pitchers, and $4 oyster shooters.
Best Lobster Place on the Northside!
You are so infinitely stupid if you don't get the lobster roll with the lobster bisque. Seriously, get it and eat it, jerks. So delicious.
Backyard is open!
Try the New England-style lobster roll, filled with hearty pieces of fresh, tender lobster claw and knuckle meat. A delicious contender in our 2012 Lobster Roll Rumble:
My fave Greenpoint restaurant. Go greedy and get the lobster dinner.
The backyard is great, I can't wait to come here in the summer for happy hour oysters and beer.
Amazing lobster rolls! So worth the price! The popcorn shrimp is pretty great too!
Lobster corn bisque is freaking amazing!
Lovely spot come early on a weekday happy hr. 4_7 mon thru thursday. Oysters are awesome
Amazing atmosphere, friendly competent service, incredibly delicious food. Not to be missed.
Don't ask the bartender the address she has no idea where she is.
Ask about the mucus!!!
Burger with white cheddar cheese is so good. It tasted like summer.
Great lobster Rolls
Try the lobster salad and the crab roll! Most underrated items on the menu.
After sampling many the lobster roll at all of the purported contenders, I feel comfortable in saying, despite the tarragon, this is the best roll in City.
Get the lobster mac and cheese. Yums!
Atmosphere is pretty sweet. A tad expensive, but it is lobster after all.
Very friendly Open till 2am sick ass awesome food, great beer selection and wicked cocktaiks, this is my new fav jam!
Lobster Mac & Cheese. Nom.
the home fries are toooooo good!
Surprisingly good, everything is freshly made on the spot, plenty of bagel/bread options, salads, omlettes, and whatever you want, they'll whip it up for you :)
They don't have some items for the salad later in the day. but they gave me a discount 1$ cuz they had no cucumbers. Anyway the stuff wasn't really fresh so better buy soup in the eve!
Frozen custard is Delicious....ask for the flavor of the month!
Get a shake burger, fries, and a concrete. The peanut pretzel one is bomb
The black and white shake is worth every single one of its 760 calories.
Very good burger
Best burgers in town!
Crazy line-ups but food was great as usual!
Eh, not impressed. Burgers and fries were just ok....the line out the door made it seem like it must be great. I guess NY people just need to try Whataburger.
The vanilla shake is the best ever vanilla shake ever!! So delicious! Not overly sweet either.
all u have to do is get a shake burger and a black n' white shake... good luck getting a seat!
Shroom burger is amazing for a vegetarian option
O hamburger vegetariano é uma delicia!!!
I'm at Milford hotel and I would like to go to dinner to Shake Shack, is a good idea???
Another one on the must try list. Best burgers.
The burger is so greasy and salty! and it's not even well done. Could not eat it!
Best burgers in midtown! 5/5 stars it's amazing! The only problem is the long line to order...
They serve Abita root beer, though it comes in a regular soda cup rather than the standard Abita bottles.
We eat here every visit to NYC, beat burger around!
this place is total hype. go to cozy's soup n' burger in the village, it's way superior.
It's always packed, I feel pressured to eat fast when sitting here.
You can smell the grease before you emerge from the subway...and then you want a burger for breakfast. Will do!
Molly the Malamute loves "The Pooch-ini"
Very very cheap and tasty! Get there early if you wanne get rid of long lines.
Shake Shack burgers is up there with In N' Out, pricey and yummy.
It was the best cheeseburger and fries I have ever eaten in my life!
Sorry but i couldn't see the value on these burguers... They're small, but they're very standard and expensive. Hype place for now.
Gostoso e barato!
The caramel shake changed life
This restaurant chain reminds me of Magnolia's. There's always a line and I can't pinpoint why?!
No sitting space, everybody's all over each other trying to find seats, and when they do, people keep eying them in order to get their spot. the food's not worth the hassle. don't go
I came here to eat a burger, not to chase down an available chair. Fix your customer flow handling or only sell burgers to-go. Fuck this.
Horrible beer selection. And I'm pretty sure the bartender is on drugs...
Bread was stale, service was slow but dinner was good. Fish and chips were really good.
Get a table upstairs looking out onto 8th Ave.
great bartenders !!!
LOVE THIS PLACE!
Great quesadilla's and the irish bartender was easy in the eyes ;)
Bread was stale, the cabernet was gross. Steak was good. Opinion:Go for a drink, then leave immediately.
awesome bartenters
The food is bad and they may  take them 20 minutes to serve the soup!
Veggies broccoli and carrots were tasteless.  Salmon was good and had brownie which had a sweet flosting but still good.
Avoid the mixed drinks, extremely light pour.
Order the Crab Cakes; you won't be disappointed! Then follow me on twitter: twitter.com/@leahondemand
Crab Cake is a delish! brownie even better :)but the beautiful Russian waitress is the best :)
Do not do breakfast!!! Breakfast may look good but it does not taste good !!! Also gratuity is included and no one ever came back we questioned and they were extremely rude 67 for two!!!
104 check-ins and no tips or pics. Tourist city.
Try the brown rice
They do have a vegetarian friendly ramen. Pretty tasty!
Go for their famous kuro ramen
Broth was too salty for my liking.
The pork buns are great! 2 in an order, perfect for a snack or light lunch on their own.
They stopped serving Chicken Ramen! Extremely disappointed!
A hidden midtown gem!
Hakata spicy ramen is the best!
Try the steamed buns [pork] they melt in your mouth!
Skip char siu. Kuro is good but try tonkotsu miso next time!
Go with the NYC booth. The Japanese booth is über rich
Why is the broth so salty? Ask for water so you can pour some in your ramen soup.
Not a fan of this place. They like to up charge you so be careful of what you are ordering exactly. The rich broth Hakata style is so fatty the fat actually coagulates in front of you.  Yum :p
You can choose how firm and thick the broth is. I completely forgot about it so don't forget. It makes the ramen THAT much better :-)
The hakata kuro ramen is delicious! try it with very firm noodles & rich broth...
Happy hour..!!! Super good
A very authentic ramen restaurant - you can order the noodles your desired thickness.
Firm noodles in rich broth, you can't go wrong. Almost as amazing as Totto, the sister restaurant across town, with a shorter wait.
Try the Tonkotsu Ramen - NYにまさかのまともな博多ラーメン＼(^o^)／もちろんバリ堅 (via @Foodspotting)
If you find one serving isn't enough, order the kaedama (extra noodle)!
Decent hole in the way ramen joint. Solid chicken broth for sure.
Ma-yu garlic broth was amazing.  I got the firm noodles and rich hakata style broth. Delicious- wish I ordered extra noodles with it.  Don't get the taka wasa- ridiculously small.
Best ramen in NYC, hands down. Broth is excellent. Known for their tonkotsu but miso and shouyu are great too.
Amazing food, especially for the price. Also Michelin recommended.
Ohhh mayu ramen with medium noodles and light broth! Also tako wasa and the fresh tofu. SO GOOD.
Ma-yu ramen
Not a ramen fanatic but this place is superb!  It's all about the broth!
Portions are huge, that's if your stomach is small.
I've tried every ramen here.  My go to: miso tonkotsu witg extra pork, egg, and spicy sauce.  Firm noodles rich broth.
Samurai dine upfront.
Order the black ramen! It's a garlicky force to be reckoned with.
Smoked salmon with poached egg. Very good!
Perched on the roof of Bloomingdale's department store, a meticulous replica of a dining car from a Victorian-era European luxury train line, the Blue Train. More info from @nycscout after the jump.
A beautiful french experience the burger is amazing but loge the edith piaf soundtrack
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this lunch spot inside Bloomie’s and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the pheasant pate.
Crab cake is goood.
Get a pita with your dish.  No additional cost.
Food is tasty & lunch special is a deal, but service was either nonexistant/incredibly rude. When I asked for food to be wrapped up, waitress threw out the most important part of my meal - the curry.
Best Thai in neighborhood. Try the Basel Rice.
Really friendly staff and big portions! Gotta love the take out container for the salad bar! Yum! Can't wait to try the shawarma next time
Really good falafel and an extra salad bar!!! Yum!!!
Food is good, shwarma was huuuge.
Excellent, juicy schwarma. Try the Yemenite soup with  Kubana, you won't regret it!
Sushi Time comes with all my favorite sushi pieces! And the red bean mochi ice cream is the awesome.
My fav Japanese place in the neighborhood. Friendly service, great prices & consistently good food. LOVE the Spicy Shrimp Tempura (on the R in pic)!!!
Great food & service, large menu. Love the $1 beer /$2 saki Happy Hour 4-9pm!!!!
Beautiful taste! I'm not  vegetarian but the tofu teriyaki is out of this world. You won't believe it until you try it. Happy hour first beer for $1 makes this place even better.
My favorite place! It's tiny but really good, affordable and fresh sushi. My husband absolutely loves their tofu teriyaki.
This place has the layout of a MCDonalds but don't be fooled! The food is great and affordable and the staff was super attentive
Terrific service, consistently delicious food (they'll even make it if it's not on the menu), and $1 Kirin Ichibans for Happy Hour (4 - 9 pm).  Much better than the UES Matsu.
Great staff, fast service, and great sushi at a very reasonable price - get there before 9pm for the $1 drink special and have an even more awesome time!  Chicken Katsu is great too!
Lunch special for 3 rolls/$12 is on weekends too. Check the yellowtail scallion here
Great lunch specials
This place has the best staff in the city.
Matzoh ball soup. Always.
Their Greek burger is really good; they put feta cheese on it yumm. Also, customer service is great. It was dinner and a show with George as our waiter.
Might be my favorite joint in the area.
What the hell is Taylor ham?  It's a NY diner near Times Square with a liquor license. 'Nough said.
Great late night venue
This place doesn't have steak and eggs. Unacceptable.
How can you call yourself a "diner" if you don't serve Taylor Ham?  Otherwise unremarkable dining, typical classic diner, with slightly overpriced menu for what it is, likely due to the locale.
I'm drinking scotch with dinner. At 3am. Yup.
Very old-school family-run Diner with the most endearing owners! Typical diner food is highlighted by a deliciously buttery and salty Grilled Cheese Sandwich.
Average food. Overpriced for a diner. Should lower prices for more business.
Try breakfast nr 7, damn good Spanish omelet!
Great place to get a beer with breakfast!
Good food. Awful service. Order delivery if you must eat here
Good food and very cozy atmosphere. Make sure to be clear in explaining exactly what you want, though...
Tip on Tofu Duck Vegetarian: "Looks really like a real duck.  Taste delicious!".
Great food. It's quite small but really cosy and nice.
Terrible service (nice, but forgetful), but it's BYOB!
Try the Drunken Noodles - Best Thai food I've ever had (via @Foodspotting)
Highly recommend the Pad Prik Khing. A little spicy, but not bad. And the waitstaff is so very pleasant.
Try the Kobe Beef Sliders with Cheese and Bacon! Delish!!!!
Good Sandwich  a full meal...
Bartenders and Managers Rick here! Chris, Stacy, heather, Andrew, Rich and David ROCK!!!
They let us keep our brunch reservation even though half our party was 15 minutes late and the place was packed. Nice service.
Chicken noodle soup for an appetizer is amazing.
Better than average asian fusion, but still blah
Meh sazerac.
Truffle fries with Bernaise sauce
Oreo beignettes!
Great wait-staff. Fast and friendly
Great place for breakfast!
Restaurant menu steak was bad. Stay away from it.
Get the Oreo beignets and wonder how you survived 20+ years without having them in your life.
Kobe sliders & truffle fries, how can you go wrong?
Excellent food & service!
Eggs florentine too oily, not that great. Atmosphere is nice though, spacious and classy
Do yourself a favor and don't order the fancy grilled cheese.
Service was awful
Gotta try the Oreo Beignets. They're like a brief carnival vacation in your mouth.
Saturday Specials: Scallops. Order this menu item, and then thank me afterward.
Try traditional French onion soup.
Restaurante bem bacana! Tente sentar na parte de baixo! Lugar muito agradavel!
Amazing Bloody Mary!
Try the mini Kobe sliders and fries. Rockin'!
Somehow got food poisoning from their signature brunch item--the French toast.
Super rude.
Tasty Kobe burger
The cabernet sauvignon is amazing!
Breakfast places are hard to find - this is an affordable, delicious, breakfast spot during the week.
Once highly popular and hard to get into- this place remains a favorite. I love it bc it's calm beautiful & food is amazing. Isn't that what dinner's supposed to be about?
That is weird paradox because Starbucks are providing free wifi internet connection but not power. I will not be next time at 56th street 6th ave.
A bit slow but staff was ok
Staff were really friendly when I was here (late morning).
The Staff here are friendly, welcoming and efficient..
Too many tourists but all good besides that!
If you order a iced drink or frapp at any point of day then you'll be waiting at least ten minutes. Hate this Starbucks.
Awful Starbucks. Constantly forgetting quick and simple orders, frequently out of bakery items -- I end up being late to work every time I go here.
Girl working register is a biiaattcchhh
Large iced green tea. ; )
What a terrible Starbucks. Employees are rude and unhelpful. 20 minutes to produce a skim latte, and that was done grudgingly after asked if the order had been placed.
Staff is great (night staff included). They sometimes run out of iced coffee, which is frustrating, but I've experienced great service here.
Frappuccino super and excellent espresso!
Time for a coffee break?  Starbucks is our #1 stop!
Check out some shoes for the holidays at www.michaelantonio.com
Once you achieve "regular" status, this place is great.
The staff here needs more training on how to make drinks...
Hands down, the very best starbucks in NYC. Especially if you're a regular. They see my face & my drink is ready before I even get on the line! Amazing, super friendly staff. Quick even when crowded!
This amazing staff everyone talks about must work mornings because the night staff is rude.
Do not come to this starbucks!! Terrible service.
No toilets inside! :(
Don't forget to checkout Howard's new book and get the limited edition $5.00 SBUX card!!!
Everyone who works here is amazing!
It never fails that they are slow and mildly rude every time I come here. But I can always find a seat...
Best Staff
Do not come to this Starbucks, no bathroom & too many tourists
Never come to this Starbucks - awful!
This location doesn't accept Treat Receipts for some reason.  Dislike!
Be warned, ths Sbux does NOT have a restroom/washroom. Just heard one the baristas bark out "We don't have a bathroom" at a customer. She didn't even order anything. Just turned and stormed out.
Went for frappuccino happy hour and got a NYC special edition starbucks card.  I LOVE it!!!  I am sure they won't last long.
vanilla latte (tall) is just great to sweet up your day!
Cinnamon pretzels is a must have st this shop...super banging
Pepperoni pretzels!!
How does a pretzel cup, cheese dip and regular lemonade end up being $ 9?!
Cinnamon & Sugar is as good if not better than the Regular Salty
Their pretzels are so bad for you, but they're so addictive. Proceed with caution.
The location is close to shopping and times square is a few blocks away. The almond pretzel's are amazing. There's restaurants right around the corner from here
pretzel sticks with cheese are awesome!
Just tried the blue raspberry frozen lemonade. super good!
They're open 24hrs!!
Calling this a restaurant is a stretch.
If you get the veggie delite, as them to toast the sandwich after adding the veggies. Makes a huge difference!
Try the Flat Earth tomato chips
The employees are like high or something. Terrible service, I'm never coming back.
The service is terrible.
Start with PIMM's cup then get the Hudson Valley Duck Breast.
E - My fav here is the poached eggs with grilled asparagus, prosciutto, and béarnaise. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. #bruncheducation
Sabrina Soto filming for NBC Cab Series! Recommends the Mac n' Cheese with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Beet Salad and Caramel Tart.
They don't take reservations for Saturday brunch, but if you call ten minutes ahead, they'll put your name down on the waiting list. Delicious Vanilla Brioche French Toast!
The mac & cheese is amazing & the perfect size to share as a app, both our meals were great, but I strongly recom. The short rib as a main course & the Pignola for desert
Make reservations. Cozy atmosphere.Go with the duck you will not be disappointed. The Chocolate Pignoli Tart for dessert is a dream come true. Cocktails are well balanced.
Recipe452 Amsterdam Ave (82nd street), New York, NY 10024(212) 501-7755
Get the jam special, no matter what the fruit is (usually some combo of pineapple, passion fruit, apple, pear, etc.). The accompanying bread is equally yummy.
We love the brunch here but it's great for dinner too.  The vanilla brioche French toast is a force to be reckoned with, can't recommend it enough!
Try their jam special as a brunch appetizer
Best french toast ever? Quite possible.
Fall Brunch menu is excellent! I loved the pear sparklette and Atlantic salmon omelette. Duck confit omelette is also pretty money.
Don't get the poached eggs. They were so runny. Left starving.
Pan-seared duck FTW
Try the honey-butter, trust me.
They master New American and California-style eating. Everything is fresh and tasty. Even the meaty dishes are very vegetable heavy. Grab a seat at the bar - the bartender's delightful.
A trendy Parisian café that’s a perfect hangout for after dinner drinks or Sunday brunch. We recommend the Grilled New York Strip Steak with duck fat chips.
The seared scallops are not to be missed! Lamb shank ragu is life changing. Great Kir Royale from the bar.
Recommend the pulled pork sandwich and ruby Collins. Friendly staff
Passion Fruit Sparklette!!! DELICIOUS!
Their "Perfect Manhattan" is really quite perfect
Lunch prix fixé is a great deal. Bitter-sweet greens app was delicious, and the pulled pork sandwich was flavorful and unique. Great potato chips as well!
love love love love love!  the prix fixe lunches are to die for.. especially the duck confit.. the dinners... even better
The specials are always fresh and delicious, and the Westside Refresher is a fantastic drink.
Date #29, Sarah: Might be the best lunch special I've seen so far in NYC—great soup, great hen, great atmosphere, great price. Will have to return.
Cheap lunch special! I had the scallop special and the pulled pork--tasty. Great brunch too!
get the lunch special! $11.99 for an entree and appetizer, and it's all delicious!
The poached eggs with bacon and apple hash SO GOOD. Plus the service was friendly and good looking.
Recommended: Soups, steamed mussels, roasted halibut, pickled artichokes, hanger steak, roast chicken or game hen, chocolate pine nut tart.
Try the mac and cheese, dressed with sharp yellow cheddar, bechamel, Black Forest ham and peas
If you're coming during lunch it's best you order online before coming! The line is usually ridiculous!!
Excelente sabor! Best Mexican Food ever tasted
Chicken burrito bowl with guacamole ! Yummy!
Love how I get one tablespoon of guac for 3 bucks....... Put more guac please!!!!!!
Kinda like a hidden Chipotle if you feel like getting away from the Times Square rush
Ask for only one spoon of brown rice if you're counting calories.
Order online and pick up at the front to skip the ridiculous line!
Why does this say 320 Park Ave? It's on 48th St!
If you're a tourist who has never been to a chipotle, please figure out what you want before you get on line.
One of the biggest burittos (at a Chipotle) that I have ever had.
No tomatoes?!?  #wrong!
Staff is super friendly. Enter your business card in the drawing bowl & you can win free lunch for 10!
I'm eat air
The music is great!! I thought I was in a club for a minute LOL
They usually are generous w/ portions
ask them to mix the food in your burrito before it gets rolled up.  seems to annoy the staff a little, but makes your burrito a lot tastier.
Bring reading material. Line is always long, but moves fast.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
there's practically no one here around dinner-time. it's a lunch spot. if you're in the area for dinner, no lines!
Add some smoked chipotle Tobasco sauce.  Adds a nice flavor.
Always yummy.
I can eat here everyday if I could.
this is probably the only time I'll eat white rice, I love it!
Order online or via app to beat the killer lunchtime line.
Order online during lunch time. Even if you order from your phone when you get here it is quicker than waiting in line some days.
Screw afternoon weeky lunch.  Lines go all the way to door
You can enter from the undeground concourse that connects 30 Rock with the McGraw Hill building.
Be among the first customers when they open at 11:00 and your bowl will weigh an extra 1/4 lbs. Suh-weeeet!
They will let you make a quesadilla, but you can't put fajita veggies in it, apparently.
i like tacos
Cheap and yummy breakfast
Everything in the buffet is good - always!
Not a fan anymore. They have a sign that states if they don't give you a receipt the meal is free. When that actully happens & bring attention to it, they get pissy & start giving you an attitude.
Tasty blueberry scones.
Nice uber burnt Espresso!
Order the chocolate bomba cookie and do it now!! I'm not a chocolate person and it rescues me from the hell that is work
Get a loaf of their raisin bread to bring home with you. It's more than delicious!
Try the Organic Three Bean Chili (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hot Chocolate (via @Foodspotting)
Make sure to have the Riz Au Lait and a cup of fresh berries for breakfast! It's delicious... Don't hesitate to point here for lunch or dinner too, they serve delicious healthy food all day long!
Try the Pumpkin Tarte - Sweet! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Coconut Macaroons - Delicious!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Organic Beligan Hot Chocolate - Rich! (via @Foodspotting)
Great place for breakfast. Cozy place, Really good waffle and amazing pain au chocolat. The waiters are very nice too.
Grilled chicken Cobb salad is great!!!
Coffee stop after a long walk in Central Park. Best on cold winter days.
Radical chic di poca sostanza. Tempi d'attesa più lunghi del previsto.
This cafe has international locations and serves organic food in a warm and inviting ambiance, we absolutely love this place!
Sssslllloooowww service, good chia muffin.
Good for a breakfast meeting. Table service with elbow room. I like the berries cup.
Black bean hummus sandwich was amazing. Get it! So good. Great price.
The fritatta is baller!
We are always one of the few Americans here & we love it! Great hearing all the different languages spoken with breakfast.
Get the mint lemonade with every meal! It's tart, refreshing and addictive!
Le Pain Quotidien is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
Berries Cup!
Excelent. Good service. Ask for Lorraine quiche. Very good.
Overpriced food!
One of the most overpriced meals I've had in NY...which is saying something
6 veg quiche with gluten-free buckwheat crust. Delicious!
Had lentil avocado salad ... bland
Apricot crumble tart is delicious!!!!
The waffle is delicious even it's a small portion it's worth it!
I always order the same exact thing at every location Red Quinoa Salad, so delicious try it!
My favourite rasperry tart and a Cappuccino for a afternoon break after all the shopping is done
Delicious Belgian waffle with agave syrup!
Order from 2-5 to save 25%!
The good health box was gross. Stick to the burgers, such as the black bean burger, which was delicious!
Haven for vegetarians in midtown. Try the soy bacon chicken burger or the chipotle black bean wrap.
Really tasty food especially the black bean vegan burger. I didn't care for the tofu spring rolls too much though but the burger was great.
This place is a vegetarian's paradise.
The crispy soy chicken bacon burger is one of the best "burgers" I've ever had.
Wonderful vegan and vegetarian dishes! From Asian fare to comfort burgers and even a tiny meat-a-tarian menu. I recommend the Zen Platter. You'll have left-overs! Friendly service and good prices!
Have tried Sweet Potatoes Soup and Black Bean Bacon Vegan Burger.  Both were excellent. Black Bean Tamale is not what I expected, so I'll just leave it at that.
Chicken sandwich was good
The Texan BBQ riblet burger is delicious
Melanie is an awesome barista. They ALL are! They know how to treat their regulars right. :) Best Starbucks in Midtown East!
Loyalty customers get to use the employee bathroom because the other bathroom is out of service. Plus 5 for this Starbucks. :)
Fast & efficient. Morning line may be to the door but it doesn't take more than 2 mins to give your order.
I dropped a Collectivus Suck It Santa Sucker Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Order takers have no time for BS. Efficient!
Great service, fast, friendly!
This was not worth my money. I'm going to go down the block from now on.
Worst service. Stuffed up my order then made 5 or 6 coffees before they fixed me up. No sorry and then they put too much syrup in my frappacino. Gross.
Watery frappacinnos. Stay away. Woman forgets sauce on frappacinnos every time!
mediocre service--glad to let the barista finish her texts before asking 'whachu gettin'?'
devournyc.blogspot.com
Free Coffee Today (April 15) if You Bring Your Own Reusable Mug
They have the market cornered on Powerade Zero Fruit Punch
$2.75 for 3 Egg Whites, cheese, ketchup on roll or bread. Great for the diet, easy on the wallet
Great place to pick up a quick egg sandwich.
Candy is way overpriced. Looks like $7 / Lb. but is actually $7 / half Lb. Rip. you're better off anywhere else.
Avoid the mexican hats at all costs
Crispy orange beef!! Yum
Good food and inexpensive , great place
Quick, friendly service. Huge menu. Try the pork gyoza, steamed. You won't be disappointed.
Massive menu. Easily more than 100 dishes.
Nice change for workday lunch. Japanese & Thai fusion cuisine. Good sushi, decent entrees, quick service
Pastries to die for. Expensive but worth it.
Best chocolate croissants I have had outside of Paris.
Best croissant in the city. Light and flaky
Probably my favorite cafe on the UES. Great coffee, desserts, and never too busy. Great for writing and reading. However, on the more expensive side of things. They also take euros, which is cool.
Great cozy seating. La Columbe coffee is the standard-awesome. Croque Madame is brunch worthy. Apple turnover, to die 4. Pain au chocolate, sometimes is still warm--Ridic! Run there, don't walk.
Great French food, homemade & delicious (especially the croissants!) Cute ambience... But horrible service, our waiter totally neglected us.
Traditional french bakery, great for hanging out on Saturday morning. Get there before noon if you want a croissant!
Takes Canadian dollars & Euros. :)
Great croissant!!! Nice place to do work. Wifi password: 2122886088
This is a gem of the UES. Try the cranberry croissant twist and a decaf cappuccino. It's incredible.
Try the apricot tart, delicious
Nice, cozy area in the back to have lunch, with a real fireplace!
Croque Madame mmm
Try the Cafe Au Lait With Blackcurrent And Caramel Macaroons - Great coffee spot with delicious macaroons. (via @Foodspotting)
In the back, there's sit-down menu service, with options ~$10-$20 for lunch and dinner.
Good coffee, great atmosphere.
Excellent pastries and food but service is meh. So par for the course. Worth it though.
Just what the neighborhood needed - a great French coffee shop with wonderful pastries.
Great pastries!
Apple turnover is out of this world!
Good espresso and coffee, also try the fries
good pain au chocolat & authentic French groceries
Fresh macarons and plenty of seats - what more could you want?
Delicious pastries - croissants and turnovers are baked on site.
Baked goods are yummy and coffee is rich
Try chicken and broccoli!! so good!
The food is great, but the host isn't kind enough to tell us that their credit card machine isnt working before he sat us down. They werent even sorry when they demanded cash at the end of the meal.
Best chicken and. Broccoli ever !!!!
National Peking Duck Day is ‘peeking’ around the corner http://exm.nr/yIUgE1
Awesome chinese restaurant.
Yummy mai fun noodles! And egg roll!
Killer Chinese food.  Chicken lettuce wraps and crispy beef
Great Italian! Make sure to start with the Straciatelli cheese, and then go for the Fettuccini Alfredo which is not on the menu. One of the best places to have it!!!
Liked it - nice place and service
Overrated. Go to Rosinis
black linguine with tangy tuna tomato sauce
Lamb shaaannk
Awesome lamb shank special every Saturday !
More like "NO"nna.. Extremely average Italian food
Mussels are delicious and so is the spaghetti shrimp!
Wifi! nonnafire pw 2125793194
So freakin' yummy!
The moment I entered, BGM turned to be a famous Japanese song 'Sakura'. Is it coincident? The next song was Phil Collins!
I come here with my girl friends every monday almost to celebrate with 1/2 off wine specials. Great food and wine selections. Service is good, especially with Tory.
Brunch is great! Service is absolutely awful! Waited 30 mins for French toast, cold tater tots and almost raw poached eggs requested hard. SMH
Get the iced tea and park yourself on an outside table. So goooood.
I'll be the first to say it though I am STUNNED that no one else has said it already: SHIT HOLE.  "Bad" doesn't even begin to describe the colossal fuck up that is this place. "Grade Pending" deserved
They love dogs, bring yours and sit outside.
Monday nights are 1/2 price on bottles of wine.
Ask for David
Nonna is awesome!
Good food, but the service is a disaster. I have not been back since having to go inside and hunt down my waiter after sitting for 40 minutes without water or the check.
food was good, service ruined my night. Only chance I poke my head back into this place is to check out the Monday night half-priced wine special
The Friday night special, Spaghetti con Scampi is the best pasta dish I've had in a while.
The service is terrible, the food pretty good.
Best spaghetti and meatballs oh and the rice balls mmmmm
the fried cheese ball "croutons" are amazing!  and the rice balls.  and the meatballs.  all the balls really...
So glad I stumbled upon this place! Delicious food and attentive service.
Try the corned beef hash for brunch.  It's amazing.
The cold antipasto is the reason we love this place.
Brunch is really charming even if the service is slightly unattentive.
spectacularly mediocre
Wild boar bolognese is fantastic
Every day is Sunday dinner at Nonna.  Salad, meat balls and spaghetti and finished off with almond zeppole.  It's a treat!
Pasta lovers: Must try the Pappardelle w/ Mushrooms. It's so F'ing good.
This place won't last. I give it 6 months.
You must try the suckling pig.  Everything we tried was good, but this stood out
Delicious tapas. Standout dishes: Manchego cheese, pan con tomate, chorizo en Rioja, fig croquettes and gambas (be wary they are traditional and are served with head on). Great addition to 'hood!
Just Opened. Spanish. Taste: Roast Farm Chicken (redi curi squash. apple bacon gnocchi)that falls off the bone. There is a Tapas bar, sangria on tap, paellas and grilled Spanish black sausage.
Always fresh and healthy food! Excellent service and really nice location!!!
Best iPod playlist. Could spend hours in here. Quiet, super nice employees, and AMAZING crepes.
These crepes and shakes are yummo and the service is friendly. $1 pastries after 5pm too!
Super place... Great crêpes, with cool combinations. Filling! Liked the marie belle cocoa. And they have my fave: butter and brown sugar crêpes.
Great place but attracts really annoying, loud, obnoxious preteens.
Don't be fooled, this seemingly quiet and quaint cafe jams Skrillex and house music at night
Awesome crepes and shakes.
Cool place - the crepes are fantastic! Nice vibe, but lousy espresso. Weak, thin and bitter. Very disappointing...
Wonderful crepes, wonderful friendly service. Great experience on a Sunday morning
Best crepes in the city, hands down
Try the savory crepes.  They're delicious and surprisingly filling.  My favorite is the Caramba but I'm a sucker for bacon.
Really good crepes. Get the ones with ice cream.
Crepes are delicious... and big enough to share!
Great cafe/crepery that plays club music!! Leave that indie/hipster crowd behind and spend an afternoon here instead post drunk brunch.
Always get the decadent.  Amazing
Most pleasant people I've met in a long while. Everything is good here!
Try a Savory Crepe they are delish!!
Stop in for a double shot cappucino before coming over to New Dramatists to read some great plays.
Nutellaaaa! Nom nom nom nom nom
Savory "intrigue" crepe is good.
Coconut ice cream is amazing :)
Delicious deeper but I think they needed to wash the spinach a bit more. Gritty :-(
20 F'ing minutes for a crepe and NO ONE ELSE WAS HERE!! Go elsewhere. Fail.
Des creeeeeeeeeeeeepes :)
The créme brulè ice cream, when they have it, is phenominal!
Great crepes.
must.... get......more.......
The Bird is the Word. Jalapeño hot but great contrast of flavored.
The Bird is the best. Nuff said.
Not the best in NY! But ok.. Wouldn't go here f it's far, more better options
Worst counter girls of any location. I had to repeat my order 5 times. I was the only person in line.
Try the Mr. Pink Pizza - That crunchy crust: amazing.  (via @Foodspotting)
Best pie on the block! Love the "Dude" it rocks!
I love the plain cheese with half pepperoni! Also enjoy the heros!
Great pizza, a bit pricey.  Be prepared for a long wait.
Night tripper is SO good! Best pizza in hells kitchen I've had! The Night Tripper is Delicious!
Skip the cookies they are stale
Try grandma Bess slice, rich tomatoes and thick crust. Also they play great music here (blood on the tracks, fuck yeah)
Order the earth mother. It's a good way to make you feel ok about eating pizza because it's piled with probably two servings of veggies.
They have a vegan slice called the 'Earth Mother'. Sound Birckenstock-ish, but it's really good. Whole wheat crust and lots of veggies.
The grandma bess is the best!
The Bird. The Newman. A root beer.  Your dinner is planned.
great pizza! love the Newman!
Mr. Pink / Grandma Bess
Try the Mr.Pink pizza. Its amazing
H2S's Joey Sorge recommends you to try 'the Dude'!
Great pizza
Love "The Bird" Pizza yum yum
Super thin crust, awesome toppings, and a cornmeal crust makes these slices amazing
The jacktripper slice is a must !!
"The Bird" is delicious. Try it if you can.
Highly recommend the blackened catfish po'boy. It comes with an amazing remoulade, and there's southern coleslaw on the side. DELISH.
amazing pizza.  they do a themed slice every month for a different Broadway show.
Try the Bayou Beast pizza with bbq shrimp, crawfish, andouille & jalapenos.
MMMMM Pizza
When I used to work on this side of town I used to come here a lot and I missed the staff-friendly and clean.. Plus they get an A from the health dept :-)
The line can get crazy long over lunch time but it always moves quickly.
Order via app to avoid the line, or go before 12 noon or after 2pm!
Some food chains are not to b reviewed, they're just awesome! But this particular place has minuscule portions with NYC pricing! Rather go downtown and have more for… (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Avoid the line, order through the app
Lovin the Burrito Bowl!
Ask for brown rice to have a healthier meal!
Worst Chipotle ever. Taste like bucket of salt was dumped in my chicken bowl. Off night? Beware.
Good burritos and nice service.
The Pinto beans have bacon in them.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Order via app to avoid the line.
great customer service
you can order a quesadilla even though it's not on the menu
don't forget to try the fresh pressed juice bar upstairs!!
Grea soups!
Breakfast all day!
The staff can be pretty rude, but the food is always fresh (well...before 8pm) and delish! Don't get the baguette's, as they're always too hard. The lentil soup is amazing, and breakfast is a must!
Avoid the burgers! Flattened until unrecognizable as burgers and completely flavorless. Fries are salty and over cooked. Expensive and poor service to boot, go somewhere else.
Don't eat here, found a fingernail in my food
good food!!
Closes at midnight!! Perfect if you get hungry at that time!
Beware, the prices on their website for omelettes are incorrect. They tried to charge 4.95 for what was advertised at 3.25. Back to bistro!
This place has good service!!!
Great chocolate croissant.
"The Turkey chili tastes like a sweater" via Kirk
Meat lovers pizza is massive and good
This place has excellent pizza. I recommend the margherita - top notch!
Amazing food, great service. Def recommend this place to anyone!
Don't let the nineties-style decor dissuade you from trying this restaurant. Attentive service + authentic Cantonese dishes no longer found elsewhere make this my go-to place for crispy duck and more.
Luv it... food was great.. staff was friendly... environment was calm and relaxing and I really loved how they made my coffee!  I was stoked! PS... wanted to roll off in one of their chairs... LOL
Needs a major update. Feels like they are stuck in 1991. Old stuffy decor, mediocre food with outrageous prices. I think Donald Trump chose the dishes and silver(gold)wear. Do not recommend.
Amazingly delicious chinese food with a beautiful upscale atmosphere...they really take care of you here! Try the lychee martini
Very disappointed experience!  The food and service was subpar!  My crispy beef appetizer came out with my entree and it was cold.  My entree was salty and dry!  Would not recommend this place!
Good for kids. Ask to be sitted in the back with your munchkins and you will not bother anyone
Excellent service. It was a long while ago, but I remember the food being very good.
Grab a knife and fork on the way out...they dont put any in your bag now!!
Amazing!!!! The fall classic is excellent!
Sweet/smoky chipotle vinaigrette dressing is always a good choice.
Say Happy Birthday Today at the cashier!  August 9th 2012 and you get a free fountain soda!
Love the Mexican Caesar in this joint, delish!
Build your own salad, what a great idea!  Clean and healthy! Check out their soda fountain...:-)
If this is a franchise, run don't walk to opening one.
I dropped a Collectivus Green Duckie Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Make sure you get your card stamped to earn free salads...PS they deliver
Best summer salad is the palm beach shrimp (you can substitute for chicken or tofu if you don't like shrimp) with chile lime dressing. So light and refreshing.
Santa fe with spa Tex Mex is awesome
Even before 12, the line is out the door!
Go before noon or after 2.  Otherwise the line goes out the door and down the street.
Try the spa sesame Asian dressing - delicious
Get the caramel by the register. #TheBestEver
Always go after 1.30pm to avoid lunch rush
Mexican Caesar !
I like the salad in a tortilla wrap.
Pricey for a salad but the ones off the menu are the way to go. The po boy is yummy
Try the $24.07 pre-fixe. Good deal. Nice sample.
Best paella in midtown east.
Excellent up-market intimate Spanish Tapas Bar and Restaurant offering a warm greeting and great service from friendly staff.
Best tapas in town!! Everyone is so pleasant too! A++++
Great bar. Get the Pescatoastes with a glass of Port. Best dessert ever!
Not the best. Bland and uninspiring.
Service is always poor and though they did remodel recently, they didn't touch their sub-par food.
Awesome lunch special! Their service is quick, drunken noodle is where it's at!
The Spicy Basil is spicy...but so good!
Spicy ocean basil...
Drunken Noddles and a Chang Beer for less than a 'Hamilton' (10 USD)
Charred Beef Salad....
Beer Chang 2$ Singha 3$
$8.50 lunch special includes appetizer.  The grilled pork chops are very tasty!
Drunken Noodles, very yummy.
Best bang for your buck!
Probably the least fancy Thai place in the neighborhood. Good portions, $1 Chang beer, friendly staff. Good enough for me.
$1 Chang beer!
Beer is warm
Bbq chicken noodle soup yummy!
Bubble teas n smoothies r good.
Order the bbq noodle soup! You get a large serving and it's all freshly made. Very delicious!
Skip the buffet and order the Singapore Rice Noodles. Tons of flavor, best thing on the menu
( last tip got cut off) ....Too bad, it wasn't a bad little shop. **
**CLOSED** as of 1/7/12 -- note on the door from court and landlord. Someone should have paid rent, too bad it wasn't a
I love the bagels and sandwiches here, but damn if it doesn't vex me that they turn off the slicer at 4:00. Get your fix before then!
The food here is amazing
Lipton tea makes all anglophiles sad...
I don't see the mini tourists Darrin H mentioned.
It's difficult to fuck up scrambled eggs, but they managed to do so. Avoid this venue and hit up a halal cart around the corner for better food, value, and convenience.
Good food, nice staff
You're in Times Square. Most restaurants are going to force gratuity because so many tourists don't tip. Waiters would work a double and leave with $20 + $2.something an hour. So yea. Gratuity. Sorry
Pretty pathetic adding gratuity for a table of 2.
I don't like this place but my son does.
Was very expensive considering the quality of the food. Waiter added a $6 gratuity to the bill. Will not go back again.
It's lost it's luster of a local diner. It's nothing but tourist - no local flavor, the prices are high and the food so so. I used to eat here a lot - I go to 8th or 9th ave for my diner fix.
Bill was $30 for mediocre French toast and a grilled cheese and fries. Waiter auto added gratuity for our table of 2. Quite a disappointment.
Good (if pricey) pancakes & bacon (for lunch!)
The food is mediocre. I asked the waiter to explain what a tortilla salad was and his answer: "It has... Stuff. Lettuce. Tomatoes." He then suggested I have a wrap or gyro.
good food..good service..very little tourists.
Diner type restaurant
Food here is awful.
Quick.
Great addition to the neighborhood!
Their sauces are amazing.
Beef medallions from theatre pre fixe menu = meh
Before seeing A SPLINTERED SOUL at Theater Three, grab the theater pre-fixe! http://bit.ly/prYsAV
Don't miss the theatre pre fixe $26.00 appetizer meal dessert all tons of food to die for.
Awesome buffalo panini sandwich. Too divine.
Incredibly great food. Very fast service.
Salads with unlimited toppings!
Salad with unlimited toppings!
Great prices!!! Build your own salads w fresh organic greens, $7.50 sure beats the hell outta a twenty dollar sandwich!!
Smoothies - not so great.
All this only $8.07 ( tax included!). Regular salad with unlimited toppings!
Great for "Make Your Own Sandwich" because of their many varieties of bread! White, Rye, Pumpernickel, Sourdough, Seven Grain, Wheat, Hero, Baguette, Focaccia, Ciabatta, Ficelle, Grain Roll & Tortilla
Get a Cajun chicken wrap. You won't regret it.
Love this place, definitely on my top favs to eat at
Delicious udon soup & skewers! However, service is disgustingly horrendous! They add autograt of 18% for groups of 5+ w/o notice. As well, don't expect to get tea or water refills.
Sweet-talk your way off-menu and try these grilled shishito peppers.
Bento box is $18 but it's quality stuff and comes with soup and salad.
Awesomely tender salmon sashimi. Really good sushi rice, too. This is a legit sushi spot for pretty good prices. The other food here is really good too I hear. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
be forewarned: Vegetable Bento box contains sushi with mock crab. Fake crab is not vegetarian although I asked if it was a vegetarian box.
they mixed up my takeout order & gave it to someone who came in 10 minutes after me. they only explained this to me because I overheard and asked what happened to my order.  no apology.  Classy.
Shrimp shumai was disappointing.
Want an izakaya but want to watch sports? This is your place! Big TVs, shochu, and takowasa.
Try the Fatty Tuna Tartar W Quail Egg - Ever good #mycomfortfood (via @Foodspotting)
Stay clear of the short Asian waiter. He clearly doesn't want to work there so why pay him?
they have a pretty good okonomiyaki...
Izakaya style menu, good stuff
Try the Sashimi Santen Mori - Yarika squid a revelation! Loved jewel-like fluke, perfect presentation #masterful #dinnerbreak (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent establishment - great staff & reasonable prices. I enjoyed the bento box that came with teriyaki chicken, tempura shrimp, a roll of choice, miso soup and salad
Real japanese restaurant! So, if you don't like wasabi inside your sushi, do not forget to tell to waitress!
Watch out for rude waiter dude. Don't ask about anything on the menu
Decent. Check it out if you are in the area and find yourself in need of a slice.
Si alguna vez estas en times square no dejes de pasar x una comida aca, es barato, delicioso y el dueño es super amable y habla español!!!
$3 cheese slice! Seriously? It was good but still.
Good grandma pizza!
The owner(?) gave me his card and asked me twice to write an honest review on Trip Advisor.  Here's a tip: don't be so pushy and hire some waiters who appear to like their job.
I haven't been here since 2006. Kids were starving so this Is perfect. Thankfully I'm single because I'm garlicky as hell.
Funny comments .
If you're thinking the tea will be fresh brewed, you're wrong.
Skip the garlic knots. Mediocre pizza.
Bruschetta is indeed fucking delicious!
Please visit my blog: dewi_deew.blogspot.com..thanks
Their Bruschetta (Tomato & Basil), Eggplant with Mushrooms, and Grandma Pizza Bites were featured at Choice Eats!
Ask to Not have Jimmy as your waiter!
Waiter is an Asshole!!!
Skip on the plain slices, overpriced with an attitude and I prefer my preparers to wear gloves. I mean are you seriously gonna serve me the same slice u touched after wiping ur dirty apron?
Hands down awesome chicken parm
Probably one of the few places in Midtown West to get a decent downtown quality slice. I guess a bunch of other folks agree because I always see a line out the door around lunch time.
Employees are jerks, pizza is good
Perfect to satisfy a craving for Mexican food! Flavorful food and reasonably priced too!
Frozen Pomegranate Margaritas are delicious and so is the guac!!!
Just a great great consistent place w wonderful service and food .  Bravo
Margarita's are terrible!
Amazing! Try the chicken tortilla pie. The guacamole is to die for.
The roasted duck is sooo great!
Carne asada tacos totally recomended!!
Terrible service, mediocre food at an awfully high price. Avoid. Seriously. Avoid.
Watch them make the guacamole right in front of you!
The seasonal salsa is off the hook.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Margarita!
For $17-$25, I expect better tacos. The presentation is more enticing than the dish itself. Mediocre tacos, but the freshly prepared guacamole and various condiments are welcomed.
Everyone raves about the guac and the margaritas, but the best item on the menu is the tres leches cake.
The margaritas and guacamole are great.
Insanely good ceviche and guacamole. Sangria for one comes in a small pitcher that is so worth the price.
Guacamole here is always a win
order the guacamole and the fried plantains !! they sound weird but they are SOOOO DELICIOUS!!
House Margarita Rocks Salt and Fresh Guac All day!!
Seafood enchiladas and guac. Get them.  Now.
Pomegranate margarita- no pomegranate, all tequila
Their service is really bad and music!!!
Guac is out of this world but $14 :( white sangria is lovely too.
Great guac and sangria.
Also they're playing top 40 garbage ON CINCO DE MAYO.
I want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich after this place. Not fulfilling.
The strength of the tasty margaritas is an open secret among locals.  A gluten-free menu, kids menu, and delivery, and takeout are all available. Absolutely come for the guacamole prepared table side.
Try some of our fresh guacamole made table side!
Make sure you get the fresh guacamole and chips. They make at your table
The duck enchiladas are to die for. Get a side of plantains to share and make the night complete.
Tres leches cake! Melt in your mouth goodness.
Not good, try some other place. Food is expensive and horrible.
Not good. Many WAY better Indian spots. The tikkha masala is in a light tomato sauce with very little butter and little curry. Yes, it's really that red.
Worst customer service..the lady who claimed to be the manager is very rude..i wouldnt recommentd this place to anyone...there other indian restaurants who choose to respect thier customers...
The lunch buffet is very tasty. It looks limited, but too many options would overwhelm your palate with too much goodness. I defiantly recommend Bombay Masala.
Samosas were really good as an appetizer! Also ordered chicken tikka ma something, was awesome!
The lunch buffet table does not have naans. Order them before you go over .. Takes them 5 mins to make
coconut iced coffee-BOOM
Careful - seats at the windows have feetless legs and are wobbly.
Jonesing for a euro style sandwich?  Can't stand the thought of eating again at Subway?  Then Cafe Metro is for you!
they make an awesome chipotle ranch dressing.
Basically my second home in NY. Love the Under 500 calorie meals :)
Make sure to all for a receipt if you need one or drama ensues.
Best turkey chilli in the world!
The turkey chili is tops.  Low fat, high protein, high fiber.  Very filling.
On TV at Cafe Metro store for having most check ins
Managers Christina and Jimmy are the nicest people ever. Down to Earth, fun people
Try the cupcakes, to die for
Order a salad online and it's only $6 this month!
Great american diner in the heart of hell's kitchen. The portions are american style huge and the prices are normal. For vegitarians, try veggi cheesburger and baked potatoe with brocoli and cheese
The toast is drowned in butter. Amazing.
Great place! Very delicious! Complementary coffee in the morning
Chocolate chips pancakes.... ssssso yummy!!!
Not good for the price. Better off walking down ninth to find something better.
Sit in the front of the restaurant to people watch while you eat.  Then dive into one of the most extensive breakfast menus around – Pastrami & Egg Sandwich anyone?
Cheeseburger and fries delish!!! Nice people.
Nice & friendly, great coffee, don't eat croissant.
Great place. Food is amazing, orange juice really is fresh squeezed.
When they say fresh squeezed orange juice they mean it!
Best chicken cesaer salad & bacon grilled sammich
Blech! Bubble milk tea here tastes like your Grandma's perfume. Think it might be made with Jasmine tea. Maybe I'll try coconut bubble tea next time.
Taro bubble tea is my favorite so far.
JB is the best!
Try the cavatelli with broccoli rabe and sausage! It's great! Also the Ruffini Mondo Tuscan 2008 wine.
New. Serves fresh, flavorful upscale-casual Italian-style dishes. Dinner: http://www.bottegany.com/dinner_menu.html, Wine: http://www.bottegany.com/wine.html
Amazing risotto and filet of sole!!! Amazing polenta with fu
Sea Bass is amazing!
Gluten free penne available.
They make a mean Bloody Mary.
MMC students, show your ID for a 15% discount.
Order the carciofi alla romana.
great chopped beet salad w/ fried goat cheese balls
The waiters are very funny, will make a whole show out of the specials, talking about where the fish swims haha
one of my all time faves for a girls brunch!
Please have the tiramisu. Best thing on this earth!
Great place to catch a bite to eat if you're ever in New York.  Wonderful staff, and food.  Always get the tiramisu.
This is a favorite of my roommate and her friends who grew up in the city.  I've been a few times and we are going back Thursday.  The owner and staff are great and I recommend the mushroom ravioli.
Late Thursday night dinner and drinks.
Delicious! Pasta is homemade, so fresh, so good! Try the raviolli di spinaci al burro e salvia.
Everything is delicious!  Must have their strawberry dessert with their wine sauce. Wow!!
Order the mussels marinara-- you'll be eating the broth with a spoon!
Weird place soggy tuna
Yo, this Subway has the most awkward layout ever. Get your food to go.
A small, classic place with good all around food.
The best yellow daal in Manhattan!
I had a sub par service at this place probably because I am an Indian. Ended up avoiding this place for the rest of my stay in NYC.
Try out the chicken Tika Masala with Indian bread... I loved it :) and great staff, super affordable... great :)
Great lunch buffet. Can not be beat! 8.95 and they have chicken, rice, lamb grilled chicken and salad. Give it a try,
Temporarily behind a barricade because of construction. Still open!
spicy italian with jalapenos and ranch dressing. yum.
Temporarily behind a barricade because of construction. Still open!
spicy italian with jalapenos and ranch dressing. yum.
Get a free glass of sangria when you check in on either yelp or foursquare!
Galletas is sth u can consider for a main for two (not hungry)... Simply delicious
CIA Alumnus Paul Zweben's restaurant group operates a few NYC locations, including Calle Ocho.
Try the Burrito Sucio -  (via @Foodspotting)
Unfortunately not going back to this place. Waiter needed some customer service training and the kitchen needs a Spanish Chef.
Free WIFI ask them for the password
Don't see what all the fuss is about.  The service was slow, drinks were ok, and food was nothing better then what's at chipotle.  The bread basket was the best.
amazing unlimited sangria, I'm drunk
Stay away from the salmon. Food is very average. Drinks are very very sweet. Could do better for an upper west brunch.
Best Calamari Ever!!!!
Ordered the "burrito sucio" aka dirty burrito. The portion size was good but it was flavorless and tasted like a pita wrap with just eggs and beans. All of the sangrias were awesome. They were strong!
Free sangria is free sangria. Get here
El mejor lugar del mundo para un Brunch!! Sangría (8 variedades) gratis durante la comida!!
Come here for brunch? Eat slow, drink fast. :)
Bacon wrapped dates. You'll thank me later.
If you love mangoes, you will enjoy the tropical sangria. It was my fave.
Ambiance and amazing service are Calle Ocho’s greatest strengths. Order wisely and you may just be blown away.
You must get the Pollo Ranchero for brunch!!! It is Sooooo good!
Go for brunch on the weekends for all-you-can-drink sangria. Plus they have an awesome bread basket!
The best brunch in the city!! Really tasty Cuban eats for cheap and free sangria during your meal - and not just red and white! I recommend the Cuban Sandwich and the Fresas sangria. Cheers!
First time at Calle Ocho? Check-in and receive a free Sangria to go along with the great food
Best Paella in Manhattan!
Great spot for drinks (especially sangria). Try their corn arepa its great!
Make reservations ahead of time for weekend brunch!
Nice place good food and good decor lounge area is really cool if you dont want to eat. Inside of a hotel so u know it's fancy, had better spanish but a nice first date spot
The Huachinango ceviche, with snapper, mango and cilantro, is light and delicate; conversely, for an appetizer, the Arepa is dense and a meal in itself. Full review link:
Free Sangria when you get Brunch! :)
This breeeead. Lawdamercy. These drinks are epic. My new favorite spot (and the food didn't even come yet!)
Try everything! There is not a bad item on the menu. Always amazing!!!
Great Latin fusion restaurant. Try it out for an original South-American brunch, complete with yummy sangria!
The Tacos Rancharos are delicious!
Best salad bar deal in midtown unlimited toppings includes avocados
Awesome Pasta! (Make your own Pasta)
Wifi pswd123456789a
A salada feita na hora é uma delícia e o chef é muito simpático!
Lunch & dinner better than dinner where cold buffet isn't as extensive
Wonderfully fresh hot & cold buffet at breakfast & lunch. Good variety of fresh fruit
Convenient and lots of options if you work in the area. Nothing special, but it works
Great little deli and fast -
Salad station is worth the money, bagels are good salad bar has a salad selection.
Great grab and go lunch spot.
you can NOT drink beer on the first floor. 2nd floor? all good
Must try the Udon soups! Giant size soup with tons ingredients!
Best deli in the neighborhood.
A bustling deli where you can get anything from a slice of pizza, a deli sandwich, sushi, or hot udon. Not the best place, but if you're not sure what you're in the mood for, it's worth a stop.
There are a bunch of tables on the second floor!
good food, $$$ and the friendliness of the staff changes dramatically depending upon the time of day you are there.
the udon and soba is really good here!
Who needs bars anymore? Get dirt cheap beers and drink them upstairs without having to tip anyone.
Get the udon! http://sql.to/B3pd
Get a flatbread sandwich from the brick oven - the guy that makes them is a genius. Don't be afraid to go off-menu, it'll be delicious.
The soups are okay. Their flatbread pizzas are pretty good.
Arrive early if you want the salad bar or you'll get the dregs at the bottom of the bowls and won't find a sprout or avocado in the whole place.
Order some food here...
Good for a quick slow carb meal. Get the beans, shredded chicken and mixed veggies for 6.59
The false advertising for breakfast is ridiculous!! How do you have Pancakes and French Toast and Oatmeal on the menu but you really don't serve it!!!
Menu change!!!  A whole lotta middle east and no more far east!
Tasty, good prices and very clean!
a slice of pizza is just 1.5
The $1 cheese slice is a great deal and honestly pretty damn good for the price! I like a saucey pizza, which it definitely is!
Nick the owner is a cool dude!
its open and really well priced.
They haven't opened yet- menu signs are up, so it should be soon.
$3 Special- Large Coffee and Bacon Egg & Cheese on a roll. :-)
Veggies at the pita/wrap bar are most likely from the day before (they said so themselves)
El Diablo: Chicken + sour cream is my fave. Ask for a side of queso with your free chips. Amaze.
It's quick and good!
Love their Veggie Burrito with a side of Nachos and Mango Salsa
Love their Chicken Tortilla soup! One of the best I've had!
This place is so authentic! I feel like I am in Oaxaca or Guadalajara! Olé!
Great service ... Food is awesome .. Try the dosmanos if you are really hungry !!!
Anything you order is good!
I really love the nachos !!!!  And it's always better drinking the 3 dollars margarita !!!!
Hard to go wrong when ordering here; generic but solid Mexican food.  I appreciate the option to add extra cilantro (from the salsa bar) to whatever I'm eating.
Shrimp Diablo Burrito is something you won't find anywhere else and it'll fill you up!
I got the veggie "bare" . . .Not worth it. I thought the free chips would redeem this meal, until I bit into one and realized that they taste like cardboard. Trust me-just go to Chipotle.
Love coming here every Friday for happy hour with friends. Great food and cheap margaritas! TGIBaja!
$3 margaritas from 3-9 and an AEA discount
love the fish tacos. Also love the speedy service. I wish Chipotle was so speedy.
Happy Hour from 3-9 for $3 coronas, margaritas and wines.
I'll NEVER order from here again. 2 hour delivery, food was cold, tasteless & exceptionally rude on the phone.
The Baja Chicken Burrito is "write home to your parents good".
Their salsas are great. The nacho burrito with steak is what I always get. It gets slammed at lunchtime during the work week, but they're quick.
Love the burrito ultimo.
Really boring and bland for $10. Disappointed.
If you're really hungry:  Ask for a Dos Manos, off menu item from old school Baja Fresh.  We still make them, you just have to know to ask.
Good Burritos, Super fast, but a little bit of money for one burrito
Better than Chipotle, they have a pretty big variety, a little pricey, with tax a reg. combo would be 10.49. They have a great selection of sauces!! love them !
Good food if u like Mexican but is a bit pricey 9.99 combos it's like Boston market of Mexican food
Get the mahi mahi!
Mmmm mahimahi taco
Hit this place for the first time.  Pretty damn good, I will return.
Try the multiple salsa's, they're free and taste great.
Enjoy excellent sushi at Ozen with the best sake in the world on World Sake Day. Specials all day!
Very good food and service for a reasonable price!
I had the shrimp tempura and veggie dinner box. Very good and plenty of food for $17.
Great spa cuisine menu!
The quickest delivery ever!!  I love the pineapple fried rice with fried tofu & veggies.  Really fresh & yummy!
Try the healthy options menu here. I usually scoff at healthy options menu items in restaurants. But the steamed shrimp with mixed vegetables is REALLY delicious.
the tom yum soup is ridiculously good!
Asian Fusion - they have Thai, Japanese and Chinese...I love the shrimp pad thai and the spicy tuna roll with brown rice - YUM!
Miso soup hot and good salad fresh and tasty
All I can eat sushi!
Mercimek corbasi ve aparatifler super
Always a must when we're in town. For dessert, order the Butternut Squash. You won't regret it.
Must-Haves: Mezze platter, Chicken Adana Kebab, Lamb Chunks Over Eggplant Purée
Delicious appetizers... And RAKI...
best turkish food after my baby's.:-}}}}}}}
authentic Turkish fare served in warm and cozy digs.
A must: grilled hand chopped spicy lamb on skewer + grilled lamb chops
At the end of the meal, do not forget to taste the almond pudding, miami...
Turk yogurdu , Turk pidesi... :)
the hot yogurt soup is probably one of the best soups i've had in the city. everything's great. don't forget the baklava for dessert!
Order the Turkish Pizza. Even if it's not listed on the menu they will make it for you.
maybe the best Turkish food out of Turkey. Appetizers especially the vegetables in olive oil are better than mom's
Lamb chops are great
Instead of a big meal, order lots of appetizers and eat family style.
Great Turkish food
Good pizza & service. Nice quaint atmosphere too!
Delicious garlic knots!!!
Food was great
Margherita pizza slices are amazing here.
Bbq chicken pizza is the best!
Rude staff!
Get the buffalo chicken pizza! (But don't bother with the beer...)
Their buffalo chicken pizza is amazing...love their other pizza too
Chicken parm hero is good
Pizza is pretty decent. Just found out that a delivery guy wiped out while making a delivery...
Two words:  margarita slice
Amazing food ....loved it
Best Italian on the UES. Bring Amex or cash! #likeaboss
Excellent Caesar salad but small portion lost major points.  Best vegetabble soup I've ever had.  Get it with grated parmesan
Save 20% on your entire bill, FOR FREE, when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
Authentic Italian cuisine. Very intimate and romantic..candle-lit, cozy atmosphere. Ordered the fresh mozzarella w/ roasted red peppers for appetizer and taglioni con scampi - AMAZING. Great date spot
Probably the best Italian food you've ever had. Guaranteed
The Bruschetta dell Mare Tirreno was FANTASTIC! :D
I LOVE tiramisu & they have probably THE BEST Tiramisu I've ever had, anywhere! :D (They say it's homemade!)
THE MENUS LIGHT UP! :O
Perfect atmosphere if you're looking for a cozy/romantic evening with someone special. Knick knacks hang throughout to provide an authentic feel. Order the pinot noir or Chilean white. Great service!
Went for wine tasting deal with group of girlfriends. It was fun the whites tasted better than the reds. The platter was ok wished there was more cheese. Beef carpaccio was good.
Get 10% off lunch and dinner at Firenze Ristorante when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
Exceptional service, food is served in perfect proportion a d is so reasonably priced on a scale of 1to 10 this place is an 11
Hidden gem on the UES with great ambiance, great food and great service. Four square special is true!
One of the best restaurants in the city...ask for Sammy and get the berry zabayon
The place offered a special on 4sqr witha checkin of 4 or more (free wine) but the owner said is was valid during summer time only. This is BS!!
The free wine is not true!!
try the Pinzimonio Di Gamberi!
Just had the most delicious Pollo Parmigiana @ Firenze..... The real deal authentic Italian cuisine in the upper east side!!!
The homemade pasta was great, appetizer were delicious too. Wouldn't recommend Tiramisu or creme brûlée, the coffee was atrocious. The atmosphere overall lacked a little bit.
Wouldn't recommend. Mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.
Arrived 4:30 and they're closed till 5:00. WTH! I'll wait out the half an hour thou. Hope it's worth it.
Great place. Try their pasta with vodka pink sauce. It's literally to die for. Two thumbs up!
The food here is amazing. The fish is always fresh and the Pasta is homemade. I love the Fettucine al Salmone (fettucine with salmon) and the choclate mouse is awesome!
Never go here!  All sales are final on cards and once they get your money they drag their feet on your order!  He didn't even star making my drink until I asked him if it was done...15 minutes later!
Great after a long walking day.
Bethesda is watching over this place
Avoid Calzone, it's just cheese! The food is crap, eating with plastic, try somewhere else..
This place is like a hidden gem!
mushroom slice is especially good. But I did find a piece of sausage in mine today. Sucks since I don't eat meat
I could probably eat their slices for the rest of my life, to be honest.
Have to do the knots!
Now serving breakfast!!! Ohhhh shit!
Pizza sucks now!!! Trust me used to be way better!, staff is rude no matter who's working! And they charge 1.50 for a can!!!
Try there Penne Alla Vodka ... One of the best
Amazing pizza, pasta, and garlic knots!
They have fresh garlic! and it is delicious on a pizza with their fresh spinach... Also amazing? best garlic knots around.
Amazing sandwiches, great prices & super friendly service!!
Great pastrami. Great prices. Great deli.
Great prices and great food. Paid $4.50 for a sandwich, chips and drink. Better price than the Subway next door;)
Easily the winner of the 2012 UES diner tour. #Sandy
Great tuna melts
I dig the Halloween decorations
Best kept secret, the cheese cakes they sell are delivered from Juniors!!
Delish omlettes and they have turkey bacon - hurrah!
Technically they don't have fried chicken and waffles, but they really do. It was good.
One of my favorite diners. Irish French toast with cannoli cream filling & bacon? Yum.
Try not to lock yourself in and order the same thing every time because it's amazing. There are lots of amazing things on the menu.
AMAZING BURGERS!! Great buns! GREAT FRIES!! DO ITTT !!
Get the Artisan French Toast
The specials are always very good! Also, try some of their Greek specials
Greek chicken wrap comes with onions which are not listed on menu.
Bacon is not very good here.
The take out fries suck. Soggy three times in row!!  Yuck
One of my favorite diners around the UES. The staff is great, the menu selection can't be beat and the food is delicious!
The salmon is fantastic.
Best Irish Breakfast in NYC - baked beans included!
Favorite diner of all time.  Love the souvlaki platter and the roasted chicken dinner.
try the whole grain pancakes
Always substitute french fries with sweet potato fries. Couple bucks extra, but it's worth it.
The York Ave is without a doubt the best item on a very solid menu
Short stack pancakes with ham and home fries. Mmmm.
They are always running out of something every time I find then even open.   They got me hooked on there catfish but the inconsistency of the business has me stepping off
Make sure to call before you go. They often run out of whiting, wings, and Mac and cheese. And sometimes they aren't open despite their posted hours.
All I'm gonna say is call before you go. Save itself the disappointment if their not open.......Uggghhhh SMH!!!!
The cat fish is to die for
The yams and collard greens are seriously awesome!
The dolmasi is quite something here. Manti is large enough for two to share. Menu typeface is the innocuous Myriad.
The appetizers are great. You can make a nice meze platter. But the lamb is surprisingly bad for a Turkish restaurant - avoid the sis kebab.
Pretty legit brunch buffet. Great outdoor seating on sunny side of street till late afternoon
Symphony Space members get a 10% discount on the entire bill at Turkuaz. Sign up and save!
Great Turkish fare and Belly Dancing entertainment Friday and Saturday nights!
Skip the vegetarian casserole and get the char-grilled chicken shish kebab dish instead. Great for birthdays, if you like VIP treatment and a nice belly dancing show.
Great food...try the chicken kebap
among the very best Turkish food in Manhattan.
eat - the food is not cheap middle eastern but it's good quality and delish!
Pollo ala Brasa, black beans and yellow rice, each and every time. Its the best dish in the house.
Pork fried rice with bistec a la palomilla w/ avocado salad!! #banging
Eso SUPER NUTCRACKERS
Squid rice is crack!
Try the Pollo A La Brasa (via @Foodspotting)
The Nutcracker is the best thing on the menu!
Lomo Saltado!!!
Red sangria is on point! Also the cilantro rice is deeeelish
Check out free mixes on www.soundcloud.com/djfreshkiid
They have the best food here! by far my favorite place in all of manhattan
Damn shrimp w vegs and tostones- Henny w a splash of cranberry !!! Yes sirrrr hmmm hmmm hmmm
very delicious nice ambience but please order ur sangria without the flies..lol
1whole chicken, yellow rice, black beans, plantains, fries, chinese broccoli.
Shrimp fried rice wit onions n scallions boneless chicken wit the special hot sauce, u cant go wrong!
Shrimps in red Sauce, shrimp fried rice , avocado salad, tostones and a apple martini hmmm hmmm hmmmm slamming!!!
always packed so come with spare time.... the food is that great to wait
Chino/Peruvian.
the pork fried rice is amazing!
I've been coming here for over 15 years and the quality, flavor and excellent cleanliness remains at it's best!
Try the Ropa Vieja. Shredded beef, yellow rice, and salad. Goes good with a pina colada on the side...
Boneless chicken. SWAG
the peruvian dishes are so delicious!! got to try the green spagetti with steak its so good
Tried just ant everything on the menu ... Just can't get enough!  Now if only I can convince them to deliver to the upper east side. Lol. This is a def must try.
Order boneless chicken and yellow rice. Make sure u squeeze the lemon all over the chicken and rice odee good lol
Order boneless chicken and yellow rice. Make sure u squeeze the lemon all over the chicken and rice odee good lol
Squid fried rice, Chinese style, is no joke!
Awesome spot! The broiled shrimp with yellow rice is on point.
Go for the Peruvian Chicken... The Fried Wonton's are good too!
pollo a la brasa is great but thats the obvious choice. bistec costilla, masita frita, chuletas, shrimp in garlic sauce, bistec de palomilla, talarin verde, squid with rice,moro rice, flan. aiiiiite?
garlic pork chops ftw!
They are reopened qith a great salad bar and more selections yay!
They are closing at the end of December so everything is half price.
support your local health food store.
Roast chicken with glaze and 2 sauces was great - juicy, tender, generous and served on a waffle with choice of side. Steamed swiss chard was better than it sounds. Good value for $17 most entrees.
turkey burger is better than sex.
Stay away from the breakfast burrito. Barely any bacon or guacamole and imitation cheese? . But the Huevos Rancheros is a winner.  Waitress was really nice and gave us a free side of bacon. 8 of 10
Great spot for a drink at the bar, but the food is average at best. Lots of kids/families at this diner like restaurant.
Hollywood fries!
Enjoyed the spicy guac, surf and turf with ribs and salmon, and burger was very good! Met the owner and he's a great guy. Will be back to support this new neighborhood spot
Get the peanut envy to drink and the Azul Burger.  Awesome!
Service is terrible! Don't go!
Great fish tacos and strawberry mojitos.
Avoid the Micheladas. Not good here.
Staff was nice but the service was atrociously slow. Bloody mary was great. They ran out of most menu items, so we re-ordered, then got all the dishes we ordered originally as well. Good lord.
Manhattan Latin burger
This place is so-so. It's a great atmosphere but the food is lacking quality. My red snapper mini tacos were cold and the tortilla dough was chewy. The seafood in the paella was good but not great.
Baja fish tacos: small serving but very good.
Peruvian Salmon Ceviche and samba roast chicken, delish! #FFactorApproved
Service is definitely hit or miss.  Sitting in the the sidewalk extension area is like no mans land.  Sit "inside" if possible for better service.
Good cocktails, very very slow service.
Great meal, the cubano sandwich was amazing. Service was of the hook, Melanie is the bomb!
Surf and turf choices sounded good, were a bit lacking. "Jumbo Shrimp $11" for two medium shrimp. Hangar steak was tasty meat but under-seasoned. NY strip was a small chunk and bland. Just "OK."
Great food! The owner is  not very cool though..
Not impressed- the pork tasted fishy. Would not recommend to anyone.
The food is a mash-up of Latin and American flavors, with dishes like Colombian cheese bread with red pepper cream, Peruvian salmon ceviche, Brazilian-style roast chicken, & seafood paella.
New.Chef Alex Garcia (The Melting Pot on The Food Network). Menu -> Casual, Latin-American fusion. Think burgers and tacos, along with tableside presentations for guacamole and whole roast chickens
You MUST try the specialty cocktails!! The Upper Westy and the peanut Envy are delicious!!!
Don't assume that this place will be bad just because it is in the spot where restaurants go to die - it was delish! Get the guacamole! Will definitely be going back to try more dinner options.
Over priced
Great bodega
Love this bodega - everything you could want, great sandwiches, great floral selection and cheap beer
Try the quinoa with one of the steamed salads.
Get the fallafel while there, or order in a whole pie to get a new/fresh one.
Best sesame chicken in NYC.
Bad chocolate milkshake.
Try the Happy Family!
Sushi and sashimi ONLY $1 if you eat in. Their White Chocolate Martini is to die for at ONLY. $6. The 10 ingredient is delicious. I have been eating here for years.
The dumplings in szechwan sauce are amazing. Also the general tso's tofu is great for those who are vegetarian or just like tofu.
Average sushi. Below average bubble tea and the miso soup was a let down
The pepper steak with onion is great!! And they put alot of alcohol in your drink!
fast delivery, good chinese food for the upper west side
Seinfeld party of 4
My go-to Chinese restaurant in UWS
The only place in the area that sells bubble tea (that I know of). The taro is good.
The sushi tantalizes the tongue and skirts the wallet.
Why is the door so damn heavy??
Still not folding the cold cuts unless you ask.
Make sure they fold the cold cuts the "Subway" way. They've gotten lazy of late and just lay them out flat.
Worst cardboard pizza I've ever had.
The chicken with green pepper is delicious
It's good to come Thursday thur Sunday because that's when it's live !!!
Just had both the cricket and veal brain tacos. Not bad ... Although watch out for cricket pieces in your teeth.
Pineapple jalapeno + tajin. If you can, do it. Now.
Mango chili is a great combo
The tamarind paleta with the chili spice spinkled on top if a killer combo.
Try out their corn ice pop. Its taste is unique and delicious.
Cuke+Lime is sooo refreshing! Perfect for a hot day. It kind of tastes like a mojito sans mint.
Mango con Chile y Tajin (the chili-salt). Best. Icepop. Ever!
Try the Pineapple Jalapeno Popsicle - Spicy and icy. (via @Foodspotting)
The combo of Papaya drink and hot dogs is even better then I expected it to be.
Breakfast: The #1 is 99 cents, two eggs on roll.  The #2 is 2 eggs, two slices cheese and two pieces toast for 2.14!!
Ask for 2 hotdogs and a beer and its the unwritten $4.50 special
If you expect nathans quality, this is not it. A burger joint with no beef patty  (indian owned)? No thanks
Be charitable and love thy neighbor! :)
Nostalgia at the cost of quality. Note the size of the chicken "strips" to the tiny little biscuit...
Try the duck or the porterhouse. Great wine list!
Sloooooow
Customer service at Roy Rogers was great and the food was good.  Eat here instead of the places in Penn Station.
not cool.....
Go to this Roy Rogers (the last one in NYC) and get the Gold Rush Chicken Sandwich, an old classic!
Nicest waiters in Greenpoint! Always amazing movies on the TVs. (Currently watching Raging Bull, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Rocky II, all at once)
I never get mac and cheese, but I do get this mac and cheese.
ZOMG The waffle fries! But avoid my personal heartache by knowing this: they are not served during brunch.
I'm from Buffalo and I know my wings. These are the best I've had in NYC. Their blue cheese is pretty good too.
The wings are perfect. Spicy but not too spicy. Sauce-y but not too much.
Simple, casual, and tasty. The vibe is like a gussied up TGI Fridays (TVs, elevated bar stools, buffalo chicken wraps). Happy hour is 4-7 p.m. and features $4 drafts, $3 wells, and $2 off sangria.
New fish sandwich is delicious. Chef steppe it up! Plus listening to Midlake was a pleasant surprise.
Grab the corner table near the back for a cozy spot and a good view of the TV screen.
Best wings east of the Hudson and South of 14th Street
$5 Mac & Cheese on Mondays.If you're there for brunch, get some grits.
Tuesday: 35¢ wings | Thursday: $8 burgers
Holyshit. The steak. Holyshit  the burger with bacon and goats cheese (ask! It's not on the menu, but it seals the deal.)
Tuesday nights 6pm-midnight 35 cent wings !
The Habitat
Best wings in BK
Great music selection, delish grits, nice staff.
Wednesday night trivia is the best trivia of all the land but stop going because by the time I get here there's no place to sit and I get really f'n cranky about it.
The seasonal Wednesday Quiz Night is intelligently produced and perfect for justifying consumption of pricey, but well curated rotating drafts.
Tuesday is now 35¢ wing night, still awesome.
Love this place and the people who work here!!! Favorite place in GrnPt, anytime, all the time!
Mmm.. make your own Bloody Mary's. Yes, please!
Amazing Mac n chz, get it!
The Habitat serves the best burgers I've ever had. Try one with goat cheese; they might tell you they can't make it, but they can... And it's so good!
Great beer selection but rotated out too quickly! My new favorite beers are always gone by my next visit. French fries just as good as McDonald's.
35 cent wing nights on Tuesdays is pretty sweet.
Try the Crabcake Benedict with hashbrowns during weekend brunch. Amazing!
get the mussles!!!!!!
Good, solid brunch. Maybe not mindblowing, but it's notches above average and consistently good.
On $8 burger Thursdays, try one with mushrooms and blue cheese. Amazing!
good job hehehehehee
They always overcharge you by a couple of bucks. Beware. That being said, the chicken is yummy - make sure you dunk it in the green sauce!
If you order to-go, make sure you ask that the chicken is fresh, sometimes they like to get rid of the ones from the day before. You can taste the difference!
If ordering take out, smile at your waitress and wait by the bar...you might just comp wine & roasted maiz (tostado)
Good food, friendly staff, but they cannot seem to add correctly - got overcharged $25 on a dinner for two?
This place is totally disgusting. I used to live two doors down, and am convinced all the rats in Greenpoint are born here.
Chimu on Union is way better
Try the ceviche!
Pollo entero...best rotisserie chicken in Greenpoint. Ask for a pint of the green sauce--$5 and cracktastic!
Great Peruvian Food!  Chicken excellent.  Good live music on occasion.
Quarter chicken combo. Under $5 and delicious
large portions of good tasty food served by really friendly staff.
rotissarie chicken!! best deal and so yummy
The Cusquena beer is tasty!
Arm wrestle a stranger
Go to Pio Pio Riko and order the sweet plantains.
Lovin the california wrap these days
Try the Crispy Chicken (via @Foodspotting)
Terrible service here....
Slowest burger king ever.
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Check your bag before you leave, you asked for a burger but all you get is fries >.<
The music selection is so great! That\'s actually why I come! The customer service is late! SMH
The soda lady scares me
Holy ghetto batman
This place is a miniature ghetto!
No seats bad
Line for restroom really long
Worst. Bk. Ever.
BK's got Wi-Fi. Too bad they did away with the Triple Whop!
BK's got Wi-Fi. Too bad they did away with the Triple Whop!
Possibly the worst public bathroom I've ever come across. Hold it a little longer if you can...
Get busy in the bathroom!
Get out while you still can.
Now under new ownership...
Befriend the store owner, Daniel. He's the man.His hot sandwiches are pretty good and so are the egg salad sandwiches. If you're gonna go for a cold cut sandwich, have him make you a fresh one.
Scan,  fax,  copy, ship (UPS and Fedex). Very friendly.
Consistently terrible service...I've finally had enough, ditching my mayorship and making the trek down to the 23rd St. location
Ride Bikes through the madness
No pepper jack cheese :(
Now open 24hours
I meant this specific location.
the chicken is incredibly tender and moist.  try the chicken biryani or tikka masala.  some of the best biryani I've tried.
Snacks and sandwiches make the grade. Wifi keeps em coming. After the sun sets, the bar has it's own attractions. The booze ain't bad either. Avoid buying items from the traveling vendors in need of $
Good place to grab breakfast and watch Premier League matches
Good lattes and a good place to do some work or watch a footy match.
Lady at the counter…I won't call her a barista because she wasn't one…tried to pass off a stale shot of espresso in my Americano. I noticed. She sheepishly remade it when I asked her or a fresh one.
Critics' Pick winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Neighborhood Hangout!
Do not come here if you are in any concern about time. Service is painfully slow.
They really need more staff in the mornings, takes forever to order just a coffee :(
Do not get take out. I just got this. Turkey an bread. I guess they forgot the lettuce, the tomato the onion and the side salad. It took 10 minutes to make and cost 10 bucks- really?
Brunettes at register are always angry...and very slow.
I love this place ! its so warm and homey. frequented by locals, it is a great place to sit and get work done and munch on some great food.
Great atmosphere.. Good music and beer (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best guacamole I've had outside of Texas!
Reccos: Either of the iced teas, turkey and brie sandwich, latte, blueberry pancakes, bagel sandwiches, sangria.
Amazing cappuccino. Reasonable prices. Convenient location. Get a panini :)
Great location. Great ambiance. Cafe Amrita is ideal for a causal date or for singles to mingle.
This is a great place, not only for singles, but a great (cozy) spot for a casual date night as well!
Amazing cappuccino and paninis!
Best staff and atmosphere in the neighborhood great coffee and sandwiches
This place used to be called Saurian Park! It's still cozy and adorable.
Too much mayo in the tuna today. I hate when restaurants do that.
Good chill music
There is AC here right now, and the service was fast.
Try the pesto mozzella sandwich... awesome!
Nice cafe food (sand. And salad). Nice place. Can be busy on week ends.
Come for the rich & fluffy blueberry pancakes, stay for the "home away from home" cafe feeling. Great place to meet people from around the world, too!
Great music. Laid back atmosphere in the AM. Nice breeze from open French doors. Chill AM scene.
Good luck with them having any croissants left if you go there after 12p (happens a lot of days)
Terrible service, and the bartender does not know how to pour a Guiness.
Soooooooo slooooooooooow.
Order the hot chocolate! It's made with real chocolate!
The combo of lamb and falafel over yellow rice is incredible. Ask for lots of white sauce and a splash of hot sauce
If you are a regular they will throw whatever you want on there and pile it high. Good folks.
Great brunch, huge portions, plus three drinks for 16. How can you go wrong? I loved their take on sangria I think it had mango juice in it.
Brooklyn(Greenpoint) – Unlimited brunch drinks for $12.50 + you get your choice of Colombian brunch entree.
On a bitterly cold Tuesday night we arrived in Greenpoint to dine at Cafecito Bogota. We've never had Colombian food before so we were thrilled to be there.
So delicious!!  Disappointed they got rid of their highchair, especially at brunch. Was told "we're not a place for kids, I guess." also, Fernando, dude, it's your restaurant, why are you commenting?
refajo!  try it
Service was good, food delicious. Try the arepa Medellin or Llanera. Mimosas  made w/ natural juices, even the coffee tastes delicious. Will definitely come back.
Skip the lines at Caracas and try these formidable arepas. There are 100% less NYU students elbowing you and solid drink specials to boot, and at brunch they're served with fruit and a salad.
The coconut shrimp came with yuca and red onions was also served in a very particular way: grilled and in a coconut sauce that is also more of a soup. Full review link:
Anywhere that offers steamed yuca is on my list of fave munching joints!
Try the Chorizo Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Impeccable service, awesome traditional and inspired food! Try everything!
Free WiFi :)
The hot chocolate has cloves in it! Also try a Colombian apple soda.
Empanadas, Pandebono, Sopa de Lentejas.
Try the Pandebono with a cup of Coffee.
Try the ajiaco, it's the heartiest bargain in BK!  I love the refao, it's a beer spritzer that beats the heat!
do yourself a favor and order the guacamole! unique and delicious.
Try the Colombian food.
Not man enough to try the egg-guacamole, but everything else is great. Brunch gets you 3 drink refills, if you're into it.
just stab blindly at the arepa menu -- your surprise will always be a good one
Wake up early during the week, have cinnamon oatmeal and a café con leche. Soul warming.
Delicious Colombian comfort food. Great brunch options.
I just arrive home after nice ColombianBrunch with my family,  we tray The Medellin Arepa, the Encocado Shrimp, refajo, Mimosa, Brevas con arequipe y Espresso. nice music, just give a tray
I was just here today (again); The Caleña arepa is amazing.  Fernando & crew do a nice job....¡Que Viva Cali!  ::)
The wine is fantastic here (reasonably priced and very nice). The Verdejo with the Cartagena arepa is the best.
Amazing Colombian DINNER and BRUNCH
Have a cafe con leche + a Balthazar pastry in the morning and watch Brooklyn wake up slowly.
the coffee rules as does the shrimp arepa
Get the garlic knots
¡Bangin' pizza! Off thee cheese racks. ^_~
Try the stuffed pizza!
I've had this pizza for 10 years same great taste
Pepperoni roll is nice!
pretty good sicilian slice.
The spinach and tomato pizza is fabulous!
Grab a grandma slice... so good!
It's raining men.... Makes sense... It's the fashion district after all...
Food's not that good, but the atmosphere and location are.
The turkey burger was dry no mayo and not seasoned. They forgot to add the guacamole. The bun was different from what it said on menu. Bartender only talked when I left money for the bill and tip. :(
Perfect for those that love sports and craft beer equally.  Great beer selection and lots of large TVs including two 12 foot screens.
Real discovery this place - only just opened. Try the Apple Caramel Cocktails! 25 TVs for sports..staff friendly and food excellent. Just a great bar all in...around the corner from Macy's too.
Mel the bartender was funny and good.. Great service and the food was good
Check out the parfait special AMAZE
Here you will find vegan meals with an international flare. Whether you are in the mood for Italian or Japanese, there is something for everyone on the menu at Blossom.
Get the empanadas for an appetizer, yum.
Delicious, even if you're planning on a pork chop.
Bra veganrestaurant. Det sägs att man kan se Moby om man har "tur"!
Awesome vegan cheeseburgers and more in a very chill setting.
the red lentil soup was so good!  Best bowl of veggie soup in recent memory
Try the porcini cigars & lasagna.
Lavender coconut creme brulee is to die for!
Ravioli with cashew cream is amazing
Amazing vegan food!
Try the Spinach Fetuccini With Mushrooms And Cashew (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Seitan Meatloaf - Best seitán EVER! (via @Foodspotting)
The chocolate ganache cake is a MUST!!!!!
The mushroom sandwich is like care bears sliding down a rainbow in to a pile of clouds.
Try the The Skyscraper - Reminds me of the days when I ate McDonalds, in a good way. Cheesy & onion ring topped (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Midtown Melt  (via @Foodspotting)
Get a reservation!
what is so great about this bistro is that it is underappreciated, while at the same time delivering satisfying vegan cuisine along with an interesting organic/biodynamic wine list.
Delicious veggie lasagna! And the chocolate ganache dessert is mmmmmmmmmm.
Food blogger Amie Valpone recommends the vegan French toast with maple syrup and the tempeh bacon
A great healthy restaurant all Fall IINto Action conference participants should try! Check out our NYC healthy restaurants guide for more info.
Just 'ok' - disappointing actually. Food was bland and over priced for the quality. I recommend Veggie Heaven if you are looking for excellent vegan.
Save room for dessert!
The vegan "cheeseburger" with sweet potato fries works for me
The French toast is spectacular!
Good vegan food is hard to find, but it’s easy to find here! We are in love with the BLT sandwich – you’d never know that the ‘bacon’ was really soy protein!
I recommend the cape cod cakes, ravioli in cashew cream, porcini cigars, and seitan scallopini. Chocolate ganache is delicious as well!
Try the Blackeyed Pea Cakes
Although they change their menus regularly depending on the season, a staple dish that they usually have year round is the Phyllo Roulade. A must try!
had their skyscraper burger that comes with fried onion rings and little italy meatball sandwich. yum! both are solid. this is coming from a non-vegetarian.
The "smokey avocado" is a great choice if you are watching your waistline and budget!
How do they make the Midtown Melt delicious and vegan at the same time?!? So good!!
Great variety of vegetarian fare here: we love their Little Italy sandwich with soy meatballs. Yum! http://www.delivery.com/menu/Blossom_Du_Jour
Best fast food vegan in town (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The Midtown Melt is to die for. Thankfully, no one had to.
Also check out the full review: http://www.vegiboys.com/2010/11/restaurant-review-blossom-du-jour/
Awesome! This is what fast food should be like! Beautiful, delicious, and unique burgers (the Midtown Melt is our recc). Also recommend trying their smoky mac n cheese.
I crave the Midtown Melt daily. It's seriously addicting.
Gluten free options, but beware because not every sandwich is even with gluten free bread.  Staff was knowledgeable and helpful. Quesadillas are delicious.
Great food. Great wine. Top notch deserts. The chocolate gonache may be the best desert NYC has to offer
The raw burrito is not only healthy but also more than enough to fill you up.
Smokey avocado wrap rocks!!!
Delivery please. What?  You don't deliver to the West Village?  Why is that?
Skyscraper burger is pretty damned good!
This place makes eating Vegan easy and delicious.  Seriously.
Gee, now that I'm Mayor, do you think they'll deliver to the West Village???   ... Not a chance. Don't know why they dislike us so much.
Dog friendly. No need to tie your pup outside.
Buffalo bites are amazing! Thrive smoothie compliments them nicely.
The juices are always fresh & all are tasty. Best thing on the menu IMO is the buffalo wrap. And if you do decide on the burrito make sure you grab some buffalo sauce. Makes it way better.
Delivery please. Please??  C'mon, I live 6 blocks away. No reason why you can't deliver to my house.
I'm hungry. But they won't deliver to the West Village.
Empty restaurant at 7:30 PM (see pic 1) and they still won't deliver below 14rh Street.
Get the quesadilla!
People on 13th street are hungry!  Why won't you deliver to us???????
I won't eat here until they deliver more than their current 6 block limit.
Not a single customer in the store, yet they still won't deliver beyond spitting distance.
They won't deliver more than six blocks. Not above 23 and not below 14.  It's rare to find a restaurant that doesn't want more business.
Get the Midtown Melt... It's to die for!! So is the pot pie...
Try the Skyscraper Vegan Burger and spot it on Foodspotting!
Order the carrot cupcake!
Try the Red Velvet cupcake, it's ridiculously delicious.
Chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich! So good!
A vegan peanut butter chocolate chip cookie? Yespls!
Friendly staff and delicious (and dairy-free) baked goods, but a small coffee and cookie will sadly set you back about 6 bucks.
Peanut butter cookie !!!
dairy free and many gluten free options!
Amazing people and amazing baked goods= pure awesome.
Yesterday was opening day for this new Chelsea bakery. On the menu are raw, vegan, organic and gluten-free baked goods. Our new favorite pastry, the kouign-amann, is also on offer.
Seriously, THE. BEST. BAKERY. EVER!  Vegan or not, why go anywhere else??
This used to be Cocoa V, now they've expanded an offer a whole assortment of vegan goodies. Brownies, cookies, cakes, pies, and more!
Nice neighborhood place !
Best. Bartender. EVER. Harry is awesome!!!
Omg so gay and so good! <3
BEST fried calamari I HAVE EVER HAD.
Happy Hour till 7!
Place was chill.. good spot to go for drinks and the pizza is good. They have a nice chill spot in the front to sit n also drink.
Bloody Mary's are very very potent & yummy
Plan to hang out and visit with the super-friendly regulars.
Drinks = strong. Drink = worth it. Come 10-12 for $4 drinks & $6 long islands. WILL. NOT. BE DISAPPOINTED.
Food and service is excellent. I definitely recommend!!!
Amanda is Awesome. Good choice of music.
East of Eights.....don't order the cafe pate.....if Gordon Ramsey was here he'd toss it in the trash!!!! Sucks!!!   Go to McDonalds instead!
Interesting homoerotic artwork upstairs... I like it.
Amanda's the bomb!
The sobert is unbelievable.  Make sure to get the pasticcio flavore
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
It's almost next to the Chelsea Clearview movie theater. The bar scene is pretty chill, the second floor is quiet and private, and the patio is enchanting.
The calamari is awesome!!!
The salmon with sepia (squid ink) pasta is to DIE for! It's soooooo good, very rich
North, South, East, and West, East of Eighth Diners Like Best
Our favorite place for every Holliday or special occasion!
This place is very, very gay.
Great bloody marys!  I strongly recommend.
Double happy hour is a must do!  $4 wells a must do in NYC!  4-7 and 10p-12a!!
Make sure to get in before eleven pm Sunday through Thursday, the kitchen closes early
Great brunch!!!
Very friendly, lots of disco, great drinks. Cool locals.
Manager said that free ice cream offer is bogus & refused to honor it.
On the corner of 23 St. & 8th Ave
Get the couscous!
"The sauce arachide ($10) is similar to other West African mafes (meats in peanut sauce), but New Ivoire's has a more subtle approach, allowing other flavors to surface."
feuille manioc on thursdays is my fav.
Order quickly and get all you need ... once the waiter leaves it's hard to get his or her attention again.
A reliable neighborhood find that serves up an above-average pie (my fave- their Grandma slice!). Eat there fresh out of the oven instead of having it delivered.
They carry four loko by the case or can.
four lokos selling fast
The burritos are crazy big! Two tacos for five bucks fills me. Love this truck!!
Some of NYC's best tacos!!
authentic grub (tongue! goat!) and fine, not awesome, just fine.
Some of NYC's best tacos! Order from Jalapeno online at foodtoeat.com
Some of NYC's best tacos! Order from Jalapeno online at foodtoeat.com
Go with the basics: Chicken, beef and Pork tacos.
Salted beef FTW.
If you're in fort green stop by every Sunday for the best tacos
2 Al Pastor tacos (spicy pork w pineapple) with all the fixins and a Mexican Coke is a fantastic al fresco meal for $8
¡Al Pastor!
Interesting menu but the food doesn't quite make the cut so skip the meal. You're here for drinks and and app or two so you can keep drinking- good spot for hang time.
Red Neck Sushi wins.
I'm from Philly and the cheesesteak egg rolls are amazing!!  Takes the guilt away from the 50 grams of fat in a whole cheesesteak.
If they say the wait is an hour, it's a half hour
Bartenders are super friendly. Great lineup of beers on draft and bottles plus 2 rotating cask taps and a seasonal!
Best decor ever.
Great service and great happy hour crowd. Get there early!
Excellent service despite being very busy.
Happy Hour until 8 pm on weekdays!
Try the Jalepeño Margarita.
The Sweet Potato Gnocchi is AMAZING!!!
Great atmosphere...food, not so much.
Amazing place. Try all the small plates !
Philly cheese spring rolls are amazing!!
Packed on a Wednesday
Such good prices! $10-$12 for entrees! Love the omelets here.
Bengali tiger!
Their burgers are one of the best in Murray Hill. Popular neighborhood spot with character!
If you see the superhuman looking puerto rican that's my brother lol
I was the mayor for a while. Incredible truffle Mac-n-cheese.
Artichoke risotto is aweome! Good food and good price!!!
I found one "Elizabeth Tinker's" wallet on the floor near the bar, returned it to the bartender. Hope she gets it back!
Come see babaganosh! He's the bartender and he rocks!
Sweet potato gnocchi are awesome!
Talk to JFK about good shots
Love love love the Speakeasy prohibition ale
Urinals are not short people friendly
Try the tuna tartar (served on flatbread) paired with the blood orange jalapeño margarita. Delish!
Awesome sangria!!!!
Bloody Mary
So yummy! Chicken, rice, salad & green sauce!! Perfect lunch!
Cozier location than the Hells Kitchen one but still the same consistent delicious chicken!
Immediately get a pitcher of sangria. It's by far one of the best ones I've ever had and you'll be occupied by the time you get your Matador Combo. You get so much delicious food. Super great value.
No pisco sour! What a shame.
Super strong sangria #s3
Everything here is great, The Matador, the Avocado Salad, Tostones,The GREEN sauce ... except the service. wait staff is rude.
Malbec is very good
Ceviche Mixto - $16.00 Is to die for
ask for extra green sauce!
The ceviche was alright, but when you come here, it's all about the pollo a la brasa.
Ask for about a gallon of green sauce to go with your chicken. So delicious!
For such a small place it is awfully loud. Good food but not good for conversations.
You just got to get the sangria its so delicious once it hits your tongue !!
Delicious! Tip for Mexicans: sabe a Pollo Loco :)
Avacado salad. Delicious dressing. Oh and eat the whole chicken.
I've heard the green sauce is made of the same ingredients as crack cocaine.  I don't doubt it - seriously addictive.
Not accepts Visa MasterCard & Discover
Try the $10 lunch special - Peruvian Chicken with fried plantains, a salad, and a drink.  Of course, you won't want to leave without trying their tasty, strong sangria either.
Best yucca fries!
The food is always very fresh. Keep in mind they only accept cash and Amex for payment. http://www.mecritic.com/places/place/785114/Pio-Pio-Restaurant
Cash or American Express Only
Always a nice inexpensive place to eat good food- try the Sangria....
Peruvian Combo+ sangria is the way to go
The Matador easily feeds four.  Excellent chicken with green sauce.
Locations everywhere, UES, UWS, midtown, Queens and Jersey!
you have to try the peruvian aki its like creamy green hotsauce yummm
This place has some amazin' chicken. Order the Chicken Pio, or if you're really hungry, order the Peruvian Combo!
Amazing chicken.  Matador combo is a feast... Sub the tostones for maduras.
Green sauce is great. The matador combo is good for 2-3, if you have a few eaters go for a seafood platter too.
Service is horrible during the lunch rush.
One of the richest Turkish cuisine menu's In Manhattan. Love the hot vegetables but lamb 'doner' is a must!
Mediterranean salad is amazing!
The best ever Resturant turkish in New york with option of variety food. Kemo alfattani saudi arabia
I never teast food like this the best turkish food i have taste in my life
Döneri ve mercimek corbasi tavsiyelik
Appetizer is the way to go
Easily one of Murray Hills greatest restaurants. Love it.
Great place, made me feel like home..
Entrees are all good & very fresh but don't forget the apps - the lebni & eggplant salad top my list
A great neighborhood spot. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.
Lunch specials are very good deal.
Yogurt chicken kebab is amazing! Turkish chicken Parm.
Maybe my favorite restaurant of all time.
Hummus app w bread sooo good. As is chicken kabob!
4-6 pm happy hours at the bar 5$ wines,cocktails
Order 'hunkar begendi' with lamb meat. One of the best turkish food I had in nyc
Its amazing food salads and kebabs are amazing and good price
Love their food, especially their chicken kabobs and the tzaziki (sp?) sauce.. But in reality everything is just yummy!!!
The stuffed cabbage is good
Great hummus, great fried calamari. Get the spicy beyti!
Fish kebabs are a must!
Order Raki with your kebab and see it served in really cool copper glass holder filled with ice.
Good food but be careful to double check the wine bottle before they open it
one of the few good places to eat in Hoboken.
cheap but good turkish. excellent hummus.
Great custom sandwiches. Will definitely be coming back.
Fresh mozzarella curds!!
Such a great neighborhood spot to make a grocery run. Especially if you need some specialty cheese!
The food is good but you need to keep your eyes open and senses sharp. Sometimes they sandwiches aren't that fresh. The problem lays in the cold cuts.
Wonderful gourmet grocer. Try the fresh mozzarella when they put it out at 4:00 pm daily!
Very nice staff
Great old world market is your go to destination for the freshest Italian specialty meats and cheeses.  Or the absolutely freshest Brie on this side of the Atlantic.
Make Your own SpaghettiOs!
Gourmet market. I love their prepared Quiche. 1/4 (2s slices) for $6.
You will be the youngest person in this place.
Fresh sandwiches, pasta salads, grilled veggies and an amazing selection of cheeses.
The best BTO ever - broccoli tomato onion! Healthy and spicy!
Get the chocolate covered macaroons
Cheapest and best coffee in Murray Hill
Half price specialty sandwiches after 9pm
Spicy Tuna!!!
2 words: snow mountain!
I used to be the mayor here.
Live this place  .. Awesome service and food!
Fabulous food every time! Sushi! Bento Box! Tuna Tataki! Terrific! Eat there twice a week at least!
Best sushi in the neighborhood with very friendly staff.
Get the lamb dibi!
Try the dibi you will fall in love with mama africa
Bomb - really good chicken
The food here is shockingly good, with large portions of lamb in a rich peanut sauce or chicken with couscous.  Check out their $10 lunch specials too!
Order the dibi lamb and you can't go wrong.  The onions are awesome.
Fish w/ onion sauce...do it.
Don't even bother with getting take out here. It's awful.
try it
A sadly mediocre meal. Tasteless papiotte of hake. So spice, no flavor.  Really? Is this establishment resting on its early LIC laurels? Was there a change in ownership? Major slippage!
Awesome desserts!!
Amex only.
Good food. Slooooow service. Onion soup and steak frittes are a must
Love this place reminds me of Paris.
Must have their bread pudding. It's orgasmic.
Romantic little spot in LIC. Delicious French fare. Loved it.
Fantastic French food that won't stretch your wallet...
Very good French cuisine, escargot very yum
Chocoale mousse rocks!
In an area some believe lacks culture, Tournesol proves you dead-wrong with an authentic French atmosphere that rivals the Left Bank.
The hanger steak Is great as are the mussels. And the sancerre is The best price ever!
Small but clean bathroom located next to the kitchen
They have one of the best Steak & Frites I've had in NYC (over Les Halles and L'Express). Gotta try it!
Very fun and attractive staff that I've seen dancing in the restaurant late at night. Sit at the bar for dinner and they'll keep your wine glass full just out of habit.
Great wine selection, and affordable. If they have the coq au vin, definitely get it - warm, hearty and delicious.
Escargot sauce is to die for. If pig ears are a special appetizer, GET THEM!!!
My favorite French restaurant in the city. Warm friendly staff and great food, what more would you want?
Skate with white beans and chorizo - oh yeah
Skip it.  Lousy service.  Eggs were cold by the time they got to the table.
Service is a bit slow.  Scrambled eggs with salmon are great for brunch.  Comes with great skinny fries and salad.
Well been there few times. Food is ok.  Service is slow and portions at brunch smaller than cafe henri. Overall it s nice once in a while. And yes i am french!;)
Escargot and the lamb shank
Eat at cafe Henri
Great food. Good prices
The best restaurant in the neighborhood.  Stay for the whole experience from appetizer to dessert.  I crave the Carrot soup almost every day.
Really great small french restaurant with reasonable prices.
The steak frites is great and you can't beat the price at $19! Great spot for a date.
Best French toast ever!
Mussels from Brussels are fresh!
All their apps are delicious. It's worth grabbing the sampler/combo.
Here's my tip. Don't expect good service. I was there with a group of 6 and there was 1 other table. We were treated as if we weren't even there at all. Fu k this place.
Best Pork Dishes in LIC. The Sysig rocks!
Their lunch special choices are delicious.
Bring your own heater!
Bring your own heater! Brrrr!
Half price alcohol what's up!!!
Lumpiang Shanghai...get it. If you have a big appetite and/or party, get the Ihawan Sampler which also includes LS.
Love this local place. Any BBQ w/ garlic rice = WIN
2nd favorite Filipino restaurant in NYC. And, they have Red Horse!
Beef Kaldereta (aka Machado) is the best I've tasted.
The bbq here is amazing!
filipino food is great, but for some reason, a lot of places can't really get it right. this is one of the few exceptions. i can eat anything here all day everyday. definitely try the sago beverage an
Great place n nice service! Try the Halo-Halo
Good food but they need more people to help serve!
Try the leche flan and they served it with ice cream.
An unusual entry into the mundane LIC restaurant scene.   Lots of hidden gems on this menu: from their nose-to-tail entree of pig snouts and ears (delicious) to the oxtail in peanut sauce. ++++
Get the Lumpiang Shanghai rolls. Minced pork and shrimp? Not even a question
They have garlic fried rice. Need I say anymore?
Crispy pata & Halo-Halo is yummy!
BBQ pork and chicken, Chicken adobo, lumpia, garlic rice and fried plantains for dessert.  So good.  Staff is lovely too.  Nice neighborhood find and perfectly priced.
Get the Avacado Con Hielo
The BBQ platter with pork, chicken, shrimp, and mussels is solid
pork bbq and atchara are a must, but there's a surprisingly good sushi deal - $16 for 8 pieces of sushi and a spicy tuna roll, but you can choose the sushi you get.
Great food. The egg white omelette is amazing. Just don't come here when it's crowded; the service starts getting sloppy then unfortunately.
The coffee isn't worth mentioning, but the lumberjack was the perfect brunch for a late Sunday morning. I doubt I'll need dinner.
The buffalo burger here is amazing!
Definitely at the bottom of my list of places to eat.
When you're here, you're family.
eh, the food is quite alright for the buck.. a good place to eat as a loner, you're never the only one.
The waitress here hates her life and it will show in the service. Tell her you want to talk to the friendly waiter instead.
Breakfast is decent and cheap. 3 egg deluxe is the way to go.
$8.95 dinner special....
Good location & service. The food is good.
Worst burrito, ever. Brought the wrong dish for my brother and everything was missing from my dish and later brought out as "on the side"
Put the hood milk in your coffee.
The corned beef hash is amazing. The cobb salad looks good too. Generous portions.
Hot Chocolate is delish on a cold winter day!
Not the best place to go if you just want a cup of coffee.  The waitress will not be happy with you.
1/11/2012 lunch. too large..
The Place is good, cheap ! Ask for the soup of the day it's really good.
This place sucks. If you haven't ordered yet, just get up and leave. There is so much better food and here. This place was a poor choice.
If you find you are in the young waitresses station change your seat. WORST SERVICE EVER!!
Love the 3 course meals great food at a great price
Loaded waffle is a must
Only place in NYC that I've heard of that charges for drink refills
Nutella & banana pancakes. Insane!
Terrible choice for a quick bite... The best thing out of the breakfast was the oj. Not sure why this place is busy. The food sucks.
Service ok, but food great!
Steak and cheese panini!
Combo Twos and fresh orange juice
Steak & Cheese Omelet delicious.
Kendra was the Best!
Go here because it's convenient or on your way. Coffee's fine, staff's nice, but overall forgettable.
Really nice dinner, prices are cheap. Friendly staff and best of all fast service. Debit cards are accepted :)
Their oven cooked pizza is so delicious!
The worst breakfast I have ever tried in NYC..I'll stick with ..everything tasted frozen..the hot chocolate was chalky and the coffee was atrocious!
Breakfast at 3pm.  Yes!
They charge extra for everything...food was cold and not so appetizing
Fresh squeezed OJ. A winner. Specials are always worth trying.
Skip the tiny upstairs restroom, there are cleaner ones downstairs!
Two eggs & ham on toasted whole wheat for $3.48!
Try the breakfast complete combo, with bacon, scrambled eggs and french toast.
Good breakfast... Fair price. Horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE... service.
God forbid you ask them to add something to a sandwich! They are not accommodating! Waitress was nice!
Hot Chocolate with whipped cream... Why not?
Great diner. Old school in decor and service.
There are never more than 5 people in this huge diner, but the guy behind the counter insists on using a microphone pa to announce the orders to the kitchen.
Puzzled look from waitress when asked if they can make a LEO (lox eggs onion) omelette. What has happened to NYC?
Breakfast served until 11am.
Cheapest best quality juice in area!
Not as douchy or meat head-ish as the other Murray Hill Bars...if that's a recommendation.
Good happy hour/place to grab apps after work
Great burger
Go upstairs on the deck for the best Raven game watching during game times :) $5 crushes, $3.50 domestics usually. The chicken fingers and wings are awesome. Go Baltimore Ravens!!
30 cent wings after 4pm! also check out the waffle fries.
$3.50 domestic draft beers all day Monday
Great specials all week long, including $0.30 wings on Sundays & Mondays from 4pm-2am!
Your music sucks!
Get the steak sandwich with waffle fries...sooooooo good!
Quinn, Quinn, Quinn, Quinn..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quinn had replaced Riley as the best bartender ever!
Free Old Bay chips during HH
Head to the back bar for outdoor drinking
Chicken caesar wrap is off the hook. Best ive ever had
$1 Tacos on Wednesdays!
$8 for 20 Wings and $3 drafts everyday!
Come after 3am and experience the drunkest people you've ever encountered in your life.
Real bitches to Giant fans during their raven games
LOVE LOVE LOVE their buffalo fries and their lobster roll!
Possibly the smallest bathroom I have ever been in, at yet it was fantastic. Highly recommended.
Nicole the bartender loves cupcakes!  Set her up!
Great wings. Nice seating situation.  Lots of space. Nice TVs. Great even on weekdays.
$5 crushes and $.30 wings!!
awesome ravens bar with tons of space and great food!
Great neighborhood sports bar. The orange crushes are delicious, but watch out, they sneak up on you!
Riley is the best bartender ever. Wednesday and Friday nights for happy hour. Tuesday and Wednesday is $1 taco night.
Just asked the manager to put the volume on for the first NFL game of the season when 99% of the ppl here want to see it... He said no.... Kinda confused / think he an ass.
Ravenstown!!
Fabulous wings, mac & cheese, waffle fries with cheese and cocktail shrimp. Good daily specials
Cheap drafts
Best bacon egg & cheese E.V.E.R.
I ate there two years ago, and since this moment I want know the name of the spicy udon i ate there!!!
The wait at the grill station can be long in the AM but they make a mean egg whites and cheese on a whole wheat bagel. Fresh fruit and yogurt parfait selection is also solid. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Since your here at AC Lawrence, stop around the corner for a great bim bim bop or Udon noodles at Olympia Cafe!
This place is loaded with inexpensive lunch options under $10.  Very busy during lunch but worth the wait!
There is something very weird about the Buffalo chicken wrap. But they are very nice there.
My food was literally dirty.
Get the cuban!
The line is crazy during lunch but it moves really fast and the food is great!
Try the udon, and get it spicy. Yummy!
Even though crowded during lunch hour, the line moves fast.
Stay away between 12:45 and 1:15, way too crowded.
This place always manages to get my order wrong.
Come here on Sunday morning to see all the walk of shames!
They have some pretty good cranberry chicken salad. Yummy
Skip the iced coffee. Tastes like its been filtered through an old boot.
Not gonna lie, $8 for a chicken salad on a bagel is more than I like to spend, even if it is the best in Murray Hill.
Relaxed and read a book with my bagel, great place!
great blueberry muffins. not too heavy, sweet or oily. $2.50 and they take card!
Bacon egg n cheese on an everything bagel :-D
Lox is phenomenally expensive on a bagel. Their lox spread is OK but they really put too much on! A dozen bagels gets you three free.
Bagel with cream cheese and lox, what else would you get?
They have macarons!
Service is a little disorganized, but hang in there and be delighted by the best bagels ever.
Way too expensive
Bagels are good but it's the most frustrating place in the world. So unorganized and a terrible buying experience. It's not that difficult
Halstead Property’s Eastside Expert Agent Elise Ehrlich insists the best Flat Sunflower Bagels (or Flagels) In the city are here!  They freeze well, too!
Listen to our Eastside Expert Elise Ehrlich and try the best Flat Sunflower Bagels (or Flagels) In the city!  They freeze well, too!
This is a nice bagel shoppe!
Disorganized service. When there's a line don't get coffee because you'll wait a long time. Also don't get the sunflower seed bagel bc all the seeds fall off
Get here around 10am and you'll get to see the walk of shame crowd roll in
Not organized, bad service and my order was wrong. They do serve breakfast until 3PM on the weekends though, a definite plus.
Get the hand rolled flat bagels. They are terrific.
Even when this place is virtually empty you wait forever.
Horrible service. Skip it.
The everything bagel is where its at.
Flat everything bagel or whole wheat flat everything bagel. I travel to eat these.
Service is terrible, unorganized and got the wrong order... Definitely not returning.
Kind of overpriced, and the service is so-so. I probably won't go back.
blueberry muffin toasted with butter and jelly!  Get in there.
Double scramble cheese on a roll!
best tiramisu
Celeb sightings galore! They have this salted fish mashed potato polenta app here that's so different from anything I've ever tried... in a great way.
Go for the hype. Food is average, at best.
The scallops with grapes and cauliflower are lip-smackingly good.
Spotted at a holiday meal: Larry David.
Lemon spaghetti and brussel sprout salad mad good.
my favorite tiramisu in the city
The bread basket at brunch is a cornucopia of tastiness
Sit outside on a lovely afternoon and start out with blood orange martinis. Work your way towards lambrusco and close it out with their meatballs. Go home and pass out with a smile on your face.
Sit at the bar.
The baked eggs in a skillet for brunch are amazing especially on a nice day and a table outside! For pasta the lemon pasta is so simple but incredibly delicious. Great for sharing!
Love eating outside here! Its hard but say no to the bread basket-- there are many other better things to splurge/ cheat with here!
Delícia de lugar, de comida, de atendimento! Amei :D
Fried olives are delectable!!
Baz loves Morandi!
Friendly bartenders. Try the summer spritzer!
RUSHED RUSHED ... Don't go if a special occasion
Order the Burrata!
Sit outside, get a bottle of chilled Lambrusco and enjoy the scenery. Great at any time but baked egg skillet for brunch is delish!
Birthday diner - party!! :)
E - Prime patio for gorgeous morning brunches. The location is the reason to go. #bruncheducation
whole-wheat pasta with sardines, wild fennel and walnuts, fried artichokes with lemon
2 words: lemon spaghetti
Pici al limone. Get it.
Whatever you do, make sure to try the side of sausage with your brunch order. It's unbelievable.
Great salads. Amazing chicken and fish.
Though perhaps not of the same caliber as his famous brasseries, McNally scores again with this venue’s solid menu, romantic ambiance, and quaintly charming décor. The weekend brunch is a solid hit.
Keith mcnally rox!
Ur nutz no to get Fresh donutz
Get fresh donutz ha!
One of the friendliest Starbucks in the city.
Incredibly slow around 6:00 and there's not even a long line...
Go short sized
There are no outlets here! WTF?!
The staff here is really friendly. Also, getting a house blend over ice is 55 less calories than an iced coffee.
This location is always out of something every time I stop in.
They have fixed it
Bathroom is out of order.
The best Grandma slice around.
The chicken Bacon ranch slice is just outrageously good
Go for Grandma Slice!!! Mmmmmmm
Margherita pizza is off the chain
Sinfully delicious. The sauce they use is out of this world. If passing by, dont think....just go. You won't regret it.
The plain slice was pretty dang good!
Cookies and cream cupcakes with cookie bits in the frosting. Epic yum.
I go out of my way to come to Rosa's for the Chicken Bacon slice.  It's like a drug.
I go to Rosa's Pizza for its soups. It normally has 1 meat-based soup & 3 vegetarian soups.
MARGHERITA SLICE!!!!! After trying this I stopped goin for any other topping slices...
"Cupcakes" don't exactly say "Italian"! Nonetheless, Rosa's are delish! Angel food with cream and cherry on top was fantastic!
The buffalo slice is dangerous good.
Chicken caesar salad slice is awesome
upside down sicilian. mmmm. or salad pizza!
Go for the margarita or grandma slice
Buffalo on point
Try the margarita pizza.
Best salads in the neighborhood!
The salads get you right.
You would think it's impossible to fuck up a bacon egg & cheese on a bagel... but they've managed to do exactly that.
Go around 1-2pm and you get to sample some of the sandwiches if the owner is there.
Take the free sandwich samples from the owner. You won't be disappointed!
Why did that cost me so much.
The grilled shrimp sandwich was fantastic!
Outfitted with wicker chairs, wainscoting walls, and understated-elegant chandeliers, this Asian-influenced restaurant (where'd that come from?) transports you to its namesake beach and lounge chair.
Outfitted with wicker chairs, wainscoting walls, and understated-elegant chandeliers, this Asian-influenced restaurant (where'd that come from?) transports you to its namesake beach and lounge chair.
Lobster Mac and Cheese. Treat yourself.
the perfect lobster sandwich
The Veggie sandwich is amazing and he service is wonderful. No idea what is wrong with these other reviewers, maybe they are reviewing a diff restaurant?
Make sure you sit at the bar when Daniel is bar-tending. Hottie with and body AND gives good recommendations on what to eat :)
$9 Hendricks n  tonic
Wonderfully charming little spot. Lobster BLT is killer.
Charming setting with fresh, healthy and tasty food. Very attentive to gluten free eating and I love to pop over with colleagues for a drink or lunch.
Try the Truffle Parmesan Fries - What a treat on a Friday night!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Truffle Mashed Potatoes - Just the right amount of flavor. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lemongrass King Crab - Amazing!  (via @Foodspotting)
Go for their happy hr lobster  roll special and drink! Two thumbs up to their friendly wait staffs.
Happy hour 4:30-7p is the Lobster Roll and draft beer for $20. The lobster roll is usually $26...so...great deal!
horrible food
One of our favorite neighborhood places for lunch or to unwind after work!
went here w/ the bf not too long after we came back from our Montauk trip and being at this place made us feel like we were still in Montauk! Great date place!!
Skate is great!
Lunch entrees are delicious and well priced ($10ish!).  Order a half ice tea, half lemonade for some refreshment.
The scallops are amazing & shareable (if that's your thing). They won't disappoint!!
Mac&Cheese-Amazing!
Mediocre food, lackluster service, much too expensive.
Great food but the lunch time service was terrible. We were hardly ever checked on and we split a tab and they charged one card twice.
Sagatonic + tapas, please
Great Happy Hour... $5 for wines by the glass!
Extremely skilled bartenders with exceptional smiles.  Eat the mushroom tower!!!!
Best food I've ever tasted, and service is great - I don't know what previous person complained about
This service is horrible and the food is merely ok
All the waiters are British!
I tried my first huarache ever from this truck and have been hooked ever since.
wow this is cool
check it...!
Great food and a reasonable price!
Best food in NYC
Great food and even better service. Max is wonderful :) I'll definitely be back!!
Tortellini and Ravioli both great!
Wonderful food! Warm and friendly atmosphere. Max is great!
Amazing italien great sole franchaise
Get the Pasta Nera, say hello to Max!
Guys are chill and white/plain pies are better than your average drunk munchie hot spot.
Pizza is good, but don't sit at the back counter.  The AC blows directly on you
Fantastic Pizza. My favorite in midtown.
Pizza is way to crispy to fold properly.
Buffalo chicken slice is amaze!!
So oily. Makes my stomach ill.
Pizza is very oily
Use the bathroom. It's amazing!
Alfredo and broccoli! How can you go wrong with that?
The plain slice is not bad at all. Nice crispy crust. Decent sauce. I endorse.
Very friendly service!
Ugh.  This place sucks.
Great place to grab a cup of coffee. I only wish it was in the bus station.
Numerous free wifi in this corner.
24hour$, very clean, usually empty, cool place to plug-in, recharge and/use ur iPad
Best burgers in uptown
Lamb Gyro with French Fries - Tzatziki (white) Sauce on them.
Turkey bacon egg n cheese on an everything bagel = phenomenal :)
Great burgers and morning special is super cheap.
Ok, so how can the guy at the counter not know what they sell. What I had was ok, but not impressed for the amount they charged.
The burgers are awesome.. If you like a hard piece of shoe leather that is
The smaller shorter guy behind the counter is super pushy about adding more things to your order. I gave my order and he didn't move. I asked what he wanted. He said, no fries?
Awesome Burgers!
Gave this place another chance since they re-opened a couple months ago. Still not impressed. There's a better Deli across the street
Frumpy? No. The  comfort food is excellent here, and I enjoy the martinis too.
Decent fish and chips and shepherd's pie! Tough to find in these parts
great pumpkin lager
Love this place! Great food, nice selection of beer, mmm
Go for Brit classics like shepherds pie, fish and chips or bangers and mash
Good happy hour margaritas and a relaxed neighborhood vibe. Great place to refresh after a bike ride over the GWB or up to Fort Tryon.
Hearty food and great service. Shepard's Pie is killer.
Great place for a couple of last minute drinks!
Incredibly frumpy spot.  Don't order a cocktail, and definitely don't order any food (it's terrible).  Stick with beer.
Great pub in the hood.
The fish & chips is where it's at
Great restaurant! Great food & service!
Mac n cheese with Bacon awesome... fish and chips amazzzing.  Cheile ale real crisp... grilled cheese hugeeee
Try Le Cheile Ale!
Mac n' Cheese is amazing! Great service, nice people. Marianne's the best!
Open for lunch. $7 soup and salad. Free wifi.
The Irish bacon is out of this world! The pancakes are great, too. Wait staff is super friendly!
Great place. Nice people, and a really relaxing atmosphere. Play a good music selection and really has a cool vintage feel going on w/ the design and artwork. I would even go uptown for it.
Amazing bar. Solid selection of beers, great atmosphere and very nice people. Not cheap
The fish and chips are gggooooooooooooddddd. Way better than expected.
Very cool place
Not a bad Guinness at all!!
Only eat at the bar. Upstairs is ridiculously slow.  Always.
You can only shot gun PBR here.
Very tasty burgers. And the enormous grilled cheese sandwich easily serves four.
So far, not much of an Irish pub. Hopefully it will rise to its potential.
The giant grilled cheese is a great split entrée. And brunch is lovely and quiet.
Love the shepherd's pie...  Can't go wrong!
I wish I had come here all those times I wondered what it was and If it was any good. Get the French Toast w bananas!
Try the cheese burger with Smoked Gouda cheese.   Perfection with a glass of Le Cheile Ale.
Awesome After-work Tuesdays!!!
Fashion, Art, and Music every Tuesday At Altus
Meet People Like your Self Every Tuesday at Altus
Ladies Drink Free from 10 to 12am
After Work Tuesday At Altus
For social media management and free consultation contact Little House Social at hello@lhsocial.com, check out  lhsocial.com
Try the yuca fries and empanadas they off the hook.
Hot Hispanic fun.
The should do something about the flies!
Location is nice... But the service is absolutely horrible. Unlimited drinks cuz they take 1/2 hr to come back to refill it. This place would be great if wait staff were on point! Brunch not worth $$
order the fresh broiled fish and ask for Lennin
Finlandia Vodka and Voss Water, my 2 favorites!
It was nice clean spot that served good food good drink prices of course hookah.  Very nice eye candy the d.j. Was good and decor was nice
Try the Chilean Sea Bass over risotto. Wash it down with a Kiwi mojito :)
New Menu New Chef .. Come n try the food ... & GREAT Bartenders!
Sorry typo yuduro mash cakes
Try the calamari, the Taurus mash and the chicken empanadas they are fantastic....
Ensure you speak clearly so you get your order right.
DITTO @ Michael B's comment! Waiting for my order whilst wishers foolishly carry on! Wish Id read it sooner! Smh..!!
Can get really ghetto during late hours and weekends. Service in person is great but id recommend delivery to avoid trashy drama.
get the 5-5-5 deal...save money and get enuff pizza
Salty and dont order the bread stick
Amazing diner and they deliver too through grubhub or delivery.com. Try the sweet potato fries. They also have decent gyros for a diner.
omg amazing
Beef quipes are amazing! the chicken empanadas are very good.
Empanada pizza .  mango,strawberries and banana  smoothie with no milk  added and black sugar is one of the best !!!!
Fell in love with the rum cake.....and the fish/fries.
The food isn't that great. The potato salad is blah. How can you mess up potato salad?
We've taken over! Celebrating my aunt's life w/ loved ones...i'm bout to be toasted
Sam's serves breakfast, lunch (specials) and dinner. Their evening events are definitely worth checking out, and when ordering asks for gravy on top of what you order. Mac&Cheese are a go to side dish
Delicious soul food at excellent prices
Porterhouse steak is the best!!
"That's a nice size meat"
great steak just don't touch the scolding hot plates
The shell steak is a work of art.
The Derby, Takashi NYC, Texas BBQ, Pork Belly, Beef Belly...
Very good mofongo. Very friendly staff.
The chicharon de pollo (boneless chicken chunks) were better when they first opened. Now it's different. Too bad.
The drinks are not worth your money but the food is amazing
Red snapper was delicious, by waiter's recommendation... My chuletas was flavorful as well... Definite recommendations spot near Yankee Stadium.
O-M-G! A Grand Opening of less than 2 weeks and I love it! Food is delicious and staff are extremely pleasant! A spectacular first experience. I was hesitant at first, but I was wrong. Red snapper was
Don't forget the bread people. Yummy fried fish!
Call ahead and order food and skip the like Yee ha
It's a cramped store front. Come in, order and get out before the claustrophobia sets in. Fresh and delicious and most importantly FAMOUS
Hungry? Here you'll find huge portions of some of the city's best fish and chips.  Squeeze a little lemon on top and you're good to go!
If you are from Harlem then you already know.
Looks like a dope line in sugar hill, and they have that dope alright the best fried fish & shrimp and they aren't stingy with the servings.
I've moved to the west coast and 2nd day in the city I RUN to this place. Non uptowners beware, this is a whole in the wall but fried fish at it's finest!
Huge platters of perfectly fried and salted fish.  Definitely go with the fish and shrimp combo – a handful or two of shrimp, fish, French fries and bread!  Cash only.
Excellent whiting and shrimp here
I really don't have words I can post here to describe how incredible their fish and shrimp is.  One of my favorite food spots in the city
Fish is craaaazyyy goood
Fried Whiting Sandwich
It's ALL incredible. :)
You have to order the fried shrimp it is incredible
Arroz con bacon, I'm in love
This place has excellent goat meat...
Best food out here ! :)
The mangu is to die for. Love this gem!
Cuban sandwich: $3.75; Cortadito: $0.80; Watching the almost Tai Chi-like movements of the sandwich maker: Fascinating!
Closed until March 2012
Now open on Sundays! NY Post article says Turkey Wings are the best! Must try!
Coco's Kool-Aid is so delicious, I want a pitcher to go! Love mac & cheese! Atmosphere makes me feel at home!
Try the chicken w mac and cheese
One of Harlem's last standing hole in the wall greasy spoon spots that offers home cooking and is off the beaten path! Looking for authenticity? It's at Margie's!
Great breakfast. The burgers are really good!
Try the breakfast of eggs, mangu (mashed green plantains), sausage and fried cheese.
This place is now known as Riverside Gourmet Market
It's a renovated deli, good for last minute purchases. Nothing special, but the people are nice.
no prices on deli board. beware of locals only prices
People who run this store are complete assholes. They also cater to the drug-dealing thugs who hang around this corner, stinking and trashing it up.
nice coffee. and priced reasonably so far, compared to Twin Donut's gasoline.
Good sandwiches, good selection of food for how small it is, they have a small amount if organic stuff.
Cleaner than most in area, courteous.  Good selection of drinks and juices.
grilled chicken wrap. enough said.
They only use Organic produce.
I absolutely adore this place! Good vibrations! Good food! Healthy and healing!
Yummy smoothies and tasty juices made with fresh, all natural ingredients. Vegan and vegetarian dishes that are TASTY!  Charming staff :)
Cheap Chinese buffet... Need I say more???
They have the best soups in town! Chicken soup, lentil w ham, n the veggie cream! Perfect for this cold.
Their beef and cheese empanadas are not to be missed!
Not for nothin', but the also sell Grown Up Soda here too.
The best 3 leches cake in the area except for the services ( lupe bad attitude )
Great cakes 3 Leches!
Very unclean.. Idk how they got an A
Good iced coffee!
P36 is the recommended sandwich here
Siena Salad is great and is done just the way it is in Italy.
Really delicious panini.  I get the salami and cheese.  It delivers every time.  Just like the old country. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
These customer service is great, French Onion Soup is awesome, & iced caramel latte is better than Starbucks.
Best coffee in MoHi!
Shockingly bad service
The pizza was nothing like the description...very disappointing.
Good coffee bar and 10% off for students! Don't try grabbing food to go if you're in a hurry though...
Summer special: 2 beers for $6.
best sandwiches hands down.
Best coffee in Morningside Heights
mi piace la zuppa d'onione! non e' costoso
hot chocolate with nutella, catch plenty of great soccer on the flat screens
The coffee really is the best around.
Love the banana and nutella on panini!
Christiano sandwich is particularly good. Also some Italian lemonades are available on sale.
get anything with the spicy aurora sauce. yummy!
Get your student discount!
It appears ro be out of business
Do yourself a favor and save your taste buds from this disgusting stuff called food. The customer service sucks ass and they'll fk up your delivery orders and won't pick up the phone to correct them.
i wish this place would find it's rhythm... we desperately need some good restaurants in Harlem!
Black bean & cheese quesadillas are quick, inexpensive & delicious.
If She A Rockin Don't Come A Knocking
Home Of The 5$ Milkshake And The Royale With Cheese!
The flank steak makes meat eaters forget they are eating healthy!!!
The best bathroom ever!!!
Try the gluten free beer here. It's delish!
Five words: Gluten Free Chocolate Chip Cookie. So good!
Healthy and delicious food.  Great service. Local feel.
Just as special as the Brooklyn Heights original. Love the tofu veggie lasagna and iron immune juice!
The omelet with tomatoes, spinach and goat cheese is delicious!
Solid menu overall.  Recommended: Greek quinoa salad, flank steak sandwich, and a ginger (!) mint (!) homemade (!) lemonade. Cookies deliciously chewy but $4, and small
Friendly staff and nice place for a quiet brunch.
lentil soup- whoa!
Chill spot with great staff and all organic everything. Order shakshuka and a cappuccino for brunch, then follow up with a smoothie to go!
Brand new spot. Super friendly staff. All organic. Turkey burger is great
Hands down, the best "red sauce" Italian restaurant in the city.
Bikers, don't lock your bike outside on Ballato's bannister. These assholes will slash your tires without warning.
Excellent hidden gem in Nolita. As authentic as it gets. Pastas are all great as is the Caesar with anchovies. The type of establishment you feel great supporting
The absolute best kept secret in NYC. The alla amatriciana sauce is so delicious that you might want to throw a straw in your purse to slurp up every drop.
Make sure to get the spaghetti and meatballs if it's on the specials list. Old school Italian done right!
Try the Tiramisu (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pasta With Tomato Sauce, Meatball, Beef And Sausage - Excellent. The pasta was perfectly Al Dente. The beef was tender. The sausage great. And the meatballs tasty as usual. (via @Foodspotting)
Can't say the food is good because it hasn't come yet. Its been an hour since we ordered...
The best meatballs I've ever had...ever. Sorry grandma.
Heard about this from a friend. An incredible secret.
amazing bread and the pasta dishes are excellent. love the walls and ambiance
This place is the most insane secret of all of downtown new York. Come eat pasta like you should.
The most classic Italian in downtown NYC.  Order one of everything.
For a tasty (and affordable) white wine, opt for the Roero Arneis. The arneis grape variety, native to Piedmont, delivers good acidity, bright fruit, a bit of smoke, and a distinct mineral streak.
Get a table in the back room behind the kitchen. Order the special pasta
Spaghetti with Meatball special is incredible.  Also guy at the door is super nice.
Emilio is a terrific guy and the fantastic food is so tasty!
Try the Cannoli - #Italian #dessert #sinful (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spaghetti Puttascena - #Italian #yum #pasta #spaghetti #Puttanesca (via @Foodspotting)
Food is very very good!
When I'm craving fabulous Foccacia, Bolognese, and Cannolis – I go to Emilio's Ballato in NYC. – Chef Anne Thornton, Dessert First
Disaster since the over-ambitious over-expansion.  A sweet little New York institution down the tubes.
$1 for 4 fried dumplings! Think that can't be beat wait til you try the turnip cakes!
they make tasty cakes and tarts, hot chocolate is lovely.
French toast cake ball is heaven in a dense round ball of amazingness. thank me later.
Wide load ahead
Beware the fatso
Their prices are cheaper than most delis in the area so I don't know what the other person who left the tip is talking about.  The guys really are super nice, too!  Open 24 hours 7 days.
A little pricey but really nice guys
Katsu heaven! Oroshi or regular chicken katsu, you'll have it right each time. Check the menchanko ramen in original or miso. I can live here.
Nothing is delicious here
Tonkatsu is AMAZING and the kimchi is spicy and very authentic
Tonkatsu was really authentic style!
Nice place for dining, good service, honest pricing.
Their menu changed recently so make sure you ask for the Berkshire pork (not the regular).
Try the traditional tonkatsu set: Japanese breaded fried pork with shredded cabbage, sesame seeds that you grind yourself, tonkatsu sauce and miso soup. It’s EXACTLY like Saboten in Japan! - Alexa
it's hard to say at $16 Katsu is a "lunch special"..but the food is dope. chase it down with a Asahi.
Terrific katsu, yummy appetizers, nice service.
Over-priced. Better Katsu is to be found elsewhere
If they have it, the Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza is fantastic!
All the pasta is really good!
The pepperoni pizza is very oily, but tasty
The pizza is actually good! Two Boots was terrible.
Very nice atmosphere but food not worth the price. Greens very very bitter and not impressed with portions... I'd go somewhere else next visit. Can't beat view of rockefeller center though.
Limited menu
Consistently good, classic American food in a civilized setting. Slightly less pricey than other midtown restaurants in the same area, if you stick to the salads and appetizers. Friendly service, too.
Get the pitcher of mojitos!  They are TO DIE FOR!!!
Brooklyn Pilsner ROCKS!!!!
Outdoor seating = fun.
Avoid--over priced, poor food. You're paying for the view.
Try the calamari!
Small portions. I had the lamb and am still very very hungry
Great place to eat especially if someone else is paying at the rink level at Rock Center. Power breakfast scene. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great service. Face breakfast spot and people watching on the rink is entertaining (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One of my favorites!!  It's definitely a go back!!  :). I recommend you go and I will go back!!! :)
request a table by the windows overlooking the ice skating rink
Get the PB&J float! Sounds weird, tastes delicious. Trust me.
Great place to have dinner at during the holidays. The view of the ice skating rink is charming!
Try the crab cakes when they are in season.
Don't order the lump crab. It's $20 wasted. The lumps are 97% rice.
I love this place because of the atmosphere and the delicious NY Style Cheesecake. It's something really worth its price.
In the winter grab a meal here for a good view of the famous Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree.
The fusilli with shrimp is delish for lunch!
Alex Baldwin is here 'Once in a Blue Moon' ... Today was a Blue Moon and I shook the man's hand!!
With all the things going on around you, this isn't a bad place to meet people. Head over to the bar and make it happen.
sit by the window so you can watch people fall.
Try the White Chocolate And Toasted Hazelnut Buttermilk Pancakes dulce de leche whipped butter	 	 	 14.00 and spot it on Foodspotting!
The crab cakes are meaty! Order as an entree and u get 2 cakes and a hearty plate of greens
The brunch banana split is a slice of heaven
Friday night drink special- try the Sagatiba Brazilian Sunshine! Really refreshing to go with the great outdoor atmosphere.
Tonight, June 22 at 6PM they're hosting a special summer dinner where you taste different Belgian beers paired with a four-course meal!
Bud light buckets for $15 on Mondays 5pm to close.
go off the menu and go with egg white omlette with fontina cheese
Sliders and fries.... Sooooo Gud!
Great hookah and food. The owner, Max, is very hospitable and sweet!
Get the  the artichoke and  arugula flatbread
Calamari was OFFICIAL!!! lol
Service is very friendly! Midle-eastern loung!
Nice chic place, hookah's a plus but kitchen closes pretty early maybe 9 or 10 o'clock.
Last call is at 10:30. #fail
Service is disgustingly slow
The $5 Sangria's at City 55 is certainly a must for any and all first-timers. They aren't shy when it comes to making/pouring strong drinks...
Hummus platter is fantastic and the martinis are huge.
Service is really slow...
Get the milk chocolate decadence drink. Thank me later.
Sucker for those chocolate truffles? Learn how to make them yourself with this quick how-to video! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7g-JCor5K4
Sign up for the Chocolate Rewards program and get free chocolate every month!
Try this place when it's open.  Super!
This place may be closed, but I'm still the mayor :D
This place seems to be closed.
foursquare burro da porra, o cafe ruim eh outro
pense num cafe ruim da porra
Best breakfasts to be had in times square, very cheap and very good
only $1.60 for a large coffee. best deal in the Times Square area.
Awful service. Prepare to wait and wait.
true I work there
Try the Blt Burger With Onion Rings (via @Foodspotting)
Their fries are incredible. I also enjoy the hot dog and their bacon cheeseburger. Good size too: not too big and not too small.
Don't let the Italian exterior of Casa Nonna fool you.   Nestled inside is the hidden burger joint gem.
Fries are the best
This is no FOOD TRUCK per the description. Amazing burgers
Turkey Burger with Cheddar...delicious! Shakes and fries pretty good too!
Fries and burger so fresh
dont go here!! it takes wat too long to get a way to regular burger and way too salty fries
The onion rings are awesome
Chicken cutlet panini so good.
Try the Chicken Caesar wrap... Delicious.
Try the strawberry cream cheese! I tried it today for the first time and it was soooooo good!! A must to have!
Get the Taylor ham egg and cheese from here !!! The best ! They use to be Center Bagels and if you are from fort lee you know that's the place to go for that!!
SOOOO overpriced goto three star deli instead 5 min away
Try the olives cream cheese so good.! They also have roasted tomatoes YUMMY!
Enjoyed the hot chocolate!
Nice turtle Mocha. Delicious mango  smoothie, a little bit sweet.
Order an iced mocha: you get a choice of dark, milk or white chocolate.
Starbucks sucks compare to.tnhis joint.
Best Caribou I've ever been too. Free Wifi, comfy chairs, friendly staff, clean bathrooms. What more could you ask for? Oh and great location.
Chilly! If you want to hang out here, bring a sweater.
Met up with a friend there around 7 p.m. Lovely A/C, lots of seating, good coffee, and relative quiet. Just do it1
Appreciate ur baristas.  They get put through a lot
Unlike Starbux, they are stingy about bathroom use. You need to buy something and get a key first. Plus side: the bathrooms are cleaner.
Very nice coffee. Good service.
If u see a lobbyist meeting a White House staffer here (avoiding disclosure) email the Sunlight Foundation: ballison@sunlightfoundation.com).
Hot day in the capital? Grab your coffee iced; it's a great way to enjoy the beans without the heat.
The coffee is better, the seating is better, the prices are better, the staff is way friendlier. Why go to that Seattle chain if you don't have to?
Ask for the Pumpkin Latte. It's not on the menu yet, but they'll make it - perfection!
Enjoy the free WiFi and plentiful seating. Friendly staff, highly recommended.
SHOULD TRY ETHIOPIA FINJAL: From the birthplace of coffee, this African cup is awake with a bright silkiness and the flavors of sweet licorice and citrus.
Try the haloumi panini.
Chicken panini is great!
Spinach pie was delicious!
George's espresso is perfect!
Try the homemade vegetarian soups - menu changes daily
The baked falafel panini is delicious and for $4.50 you could do a lot worse in DUMBO
The pad thai is a bit greasy.
Yummy lunch specials! And no line :-)
They have very slow service. If you go in a group, you might not get all the orders together. The food is aite.
I enjoyed the veggie pad thai and the chicken curry! The spring rolls and dumplings were great too!! For dessert get the marble cheesecake. Crack!!
The penang curry is amazing!
they're so nice here.. I adore their vegetable curry and fish cakes too!
Try the chicken basil & pad thai combo!!
Awesome grilled herbs chicken w. Coconut rice for Express Lunch! (faster) *cash only
Go after 1:30 and it's quiet and much more enjoyable. Delivery is SLOW so don't order if you're really hungry. Just join the lunch bar line.
Awesome Thai Beer. Awesome vegetarian food.  Awesome Mai Tais.
Ginger chicken is good and relatively healthy. The place is cash-only.
The drinks are cold, and the chili is awesome. Get it with a dab of sour cream.
Most ridiculous bar ever.
Swing, stripper pole, free hot dog or burger with your drink on Sundays. What more can you ask for?
One of the best dive bars in NYC
Gross amd dirty du e bar but it has a swing ...next to a pole
Best. Bar. Ever.
Swing baby, swing.
Everyone gets laid Wednesdays!!!
Spin the Wheel - $5 for anything you want :)
Drunkeness is LITERALLY reduced capacity. If you're accustomed to multitasking AND self-reflection AND balance AND conting how many characte
Awesome bar!
Crazy house of debauchery in the financial district. There is a swing above the bar that the girls lure unsuspecting males to swing in, and they light the bar on fire w/… (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Owner is a sexy maama
$10 Blue Moon & burger...can't beat it!
great late night's, swing, fire breathing, CC on Sunday's, bar top dancing, good times
Get on the bar and dance your ass off for free shots! Warning! The hot bartenders may ask you to take your shirt off too! This place is insane!!
Get on the bar and dance your ass off for free shots! Warning! The hot bartenders may ask you to take your shirt off too! This place is insane!!
Break the deal, Spin the wheel!
Decent dive bar when you are down this far
Get on the swing!
There is swing over the bar, go and you'll have a good time.
Get your ass on the bar at your own risk
Best bar downtown!  Great bartenders and great bar food!!
Go
Don't wear a shirt you're fond of, I got mine ripped off by the bar tender. The she rode on my lap on the swing over the bar. I love this place.
Free burger or shot with any beer on Sunday
Free burger or hot dog with any drink (other than Rolling Rock) Sunday till 10pm
Don't miss it. NY underground.
How Did Regulators Miss This Latest Broker Fraud?-OpenSalon , bp holdings barcelona - The year 2007 brought one of the biggest scandals in memory to hit the futures community. Brokerage Sentinel...
Oh, I did.
Снимали видео на Brooklyn bridge для Middle Finger Sign.
Idk what this is. I like that its called how dare you and its close to my friends place in lower Manhattan.
Great place, very quiet.
Do not eat here... Horrible food
Best shrimp stir fry noodles! Great place for drinks and Asian inspired sea food! Love the views of NY waterway!
Try the marinated grilled tiger shrimp with saffron gravy.
might be the worst crab cakes I've ever eaten. slow service. completely over priced.
GREAT GRILLED SALMON BURGERS!!!!
Best penne vodka ever!!!
David Beckham for H&M is right around the corner! Head to Fulton and Front streets for a #HMBeckham surprise, happening now until 8/19/12!
The Alfredo sauce is not very good but the calm chowder is good
The lobster was yummie! So were the vegetables.
GREAT 3 thumbs up
FOOD WAS GREAT ILL DEFINITELY WILL BE BACK BEFORE THE NICE WEATHER BREAKS
Food was mediocre, service was terrible.  Took forever to get drinks.  Went to the bar twice to ask for service.  To top it off, the waitress left for break as we asked for our bill.  Eat elsewhere!
Food... So so. Be sure to get 15% off with the south street seaport shopping, dining & entertainment guide.
Their crab cake burgers are to DIE for. I also recommend their "Miami Vice" drink :)
Around the Seaport on 7/14? Village Voice'll be rocking out @ 2012 4Knots Music Fest, ft. Archers of Loaf, The Drums & more! goo.gl/x1Ak3
Happy hour all day! Frozen margaritas, piña coladas, strawberry daquiris... $5.
Get the Pacific Grill Sampler.
Say hi to Michael!
Food was terrible and service was bad too. Very disappointing
Chilean Sea Bass is the bomb
$5 happy hr!
Great beer specials
A little on the pricey side, food looks good though :-)
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
Clam chowder was good, everything else was half ass...calamari and wings tasted frozen...not good
With a seafood focus, this pan-Asian-inspired menu includes dishes like Thai curried mussel stew and summer rolls. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Get out of here!
Pastas and burgers are fine, fettucini with shrimp was good enough!
Fish was not fresh. Food was horrible. Plus I sat outside and got bitten repeatedly by mosquitos. This place sucks.
Horrible...just horrible ...
Great oysters. Nice and big!
I don't see a proper BLT on the menu.
Really great place. Reasonably priced. Solid food. Incredible popovers. Only thing missing is Guinness on tap.
Les meilleures frites de ma vie ! Really !
Try the cheese ravioli. Fresh, Handmade in a really nice sauce. The best ravioli i've had outside of my grandmothers kitchen
Bartender George rocks.
Delicioud steak sandwich and great service
The Braised Octopus was really good!
Avoid the Bloody Mary...very bad. Tastes like tomato water with no spice.
BLT Bar & Grill123 Washington St (btw Albany & Carlisle), New York, NY 10006
Tuna tartare is DELICIOUS...so are the fries.  Great bar w/yummy food and great wine selection
They have the best popovers! They even give you a little recipe card!
Говносервис сосет!
checked in
Watch out for the black pepper. It's really strong.
Shaft Blue Burger.  No Regrets.
Worst service in the city!
Ask for Fred, the best bartender in the city!
Good is good, but overpriced.. service was HORRIBLE! What a shame... Great hotel... Will not go back to restaurant..
Good steak, very good Shiraz wine, but a bit pricey though.
Wsj bunker badge!!
Six point sweet action is on tap at the ground floor bar
You must try the brioche French toast during brunch. It's heaven on a plate.
The food is pretty good but the service sucks. Can't believe this place is inside a W hotel :-(
This new American tavern starts your meal with focaccia topped with lukewarm gremolata that melts in your mouth with every bite.
15% off neighborhood deal has expired. Word to the wise.
Guava drink gets you drunk.
going for brunch, have a hangover? need a lil sumpin sumpin? croque madame burger... fried egg, ham, cheese, burger patty.. need i say more?
Come see me at the bar if you work or live local and save 15% off the bill. The food is great and so are the drinks!
love mojito here with French fries
The lobster risotto - great taste!
Cozy atmosphere and tasty food, but no public restroom, so plan accordingly.
very goood !!
All Natural Turkey Avocado Club ($10.50)
highly rec their all natural turkey avocado club, tuna melt and chicken chipotle salad wrap
turkey avocado club is amazeballs
egg sandwich + everything bagel + asiago cheese + tomato = delish
Flank steak sandwich box. Do it. DO IT.
Obsessed with the egg sandwich! Have it with asiago cheese, bacon, tomato, & avocado on ciabatta. $10, cash only. SO GOOD.
Cute little cafe with organic and fair trade goods. Delicious oatmeal - simple does it.
Excellent avocado sandwich, although a tad pricey.
Avocado Toast is a dreamy breakfast
Egg sandwiches are legit here. Customize it with anything from sun-dried tomatoes to avocado.  Solid ciabatta, too.
Great made to order egg sandwiches (I get avocado, bacon, basil and cheese on ciabatta) and different flavored iced teas. Good pastries too!
A little pricey for lunch, but the food is really yummy (especially the bread!)
More hot sauce.
Meatball sandwich is incredible
Come for the sandwiches, stay for the coffee.
Avocado toast & a flat white: breakfast of champions
Our favorite neighborhood stop for fresh-roasted, fair-trade coffee. The avocado toast is also superb.
Egg sandwich with bacon, asiago, tomato, and avocado. Add hot sauce if that's your thing. On ciabatta. Don't share it.
Turkey avocado club is the best item on the menu.
The egg and avocado sandwiches really hits the spot!
Best tuna melt in SOHO
Awesome neighborhood café, the owner is always around and friendly. Try their popovers, croissants or oatmeal in the morning. -Diana
Good peanut butter chocolate chip cookies
good for being green (as in cash only)
Avocado toast!
The outside patio on the street is so nice during summer.
It's cash only
Amazing hot chocolate. Pair it with a chocolate chip cookie!
The "Soup du Jour" (today, Chix Noodle) tastes horrible.   And it was cold. The owner didn't even provided a spoon! Always ask for samples before you order here. Better safe than sorry.
Love this place. Best spot for late night food, a really early breakfast or whenever. Its open 24 hours!
This is your standard, nothing special diner. That makes it great.
The burgers and pancakes are awesome!!! :P
"It's just kind of a great old place, you know. Watery coffee. It's one of the last shitty old places in New York." - Louis CK - in Episode 9 of Louis on FX (filmed at this coffee shop diner.)
Wonderful 24-hour diner. Great grub and curly fries. Good burgers with lots of toppings like avocado. Nice owners and workers. Fast.
Excellent breakfast!  Great food and friendly service.  Two enthusiastic thumbs up!
I get a stomach ache every single time I eat here. Always food from the grill. Maybe it's a cleaning chemical they use. The best part of this place is it's open 24 hours. The food is crap.
the fries are amazing
Delicious late night breakfast food
Terrible and rude service, awful food, and gross bathrooms. Never come here!!!
Closets Burger King To The South Seaport If You In The Area
Slowest service in the United States.
25 cents for an extra sauce -__-
Mayorships all yours. On vacation lololol
Hamburgers, chicken, salads
Nice Find. On my permanent list. Go for the Europa falafel
The Baja hummus bowl is to die for!
Fusion hummus...try the Baja hummus salad. Pricy but nice once in a while.
The worst food in fidi. And so over priced.
The "Africa" falafel sandwich with peanut sauce and sweet potatoes is delicious and unlike any other!
All their food is great! But the Athenian salad bowl is deeelish!
Good fusion falafel.
The Crisp Authentic falafel pita sandwich is just amazing! Delicious!
$10 for a salad bowl?? Are you nuts? Its not even that much food!
Athenian salad is a must!  Get plenty of hot sauce to add on for full enjoyment.
The crisp Parisian falafel sandwich is delicious!
Good food but it throws me off when they tell me how long it takes to cook everything.
The chili cheese falafel burger is delicious!
Free falafel sample!
283 avenue c is "beavesant town" on foursquare, get it right ;)
Get the martini flights if you're looking to impress someone special
Amex offer seems redundant as they said they don't accept American Express!
After asking for, they restarted the espresso machine. Thank you.
No espresso after 11p.  Have the Flatliner Martini.
Martini flights awesome way to try new drinks. Well worth it.
Try the Sex on the beach (via @Foodspotting)
Truly awful service.
Totally agree with the last post, no 'special' at all. The prices are in line with the normal happy hour! Cheap as hell though so doesn't really matter...
its hard to find a place w/ clean silverware...this place had em ;O)
Super attentive bar tender and super salty olives in my dirty... This place is fine in my book. Cozy atmosphere, too.
try the happy hour
Special is only week days - boo!
love the tapas
I came here on a Friday because of the foursquare deal - then the waiter tells me it's not valid on Friday night. That just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Keep this in mind before you come here.
Best lychee martini and my fav champagne martini. Good cosmos too. Staff is super cool n nice. My fav place in the city
Happy hour till 12-2am! Get their red sangria, its gewwwd.
Check in special is bullshit-- it's just the regular happy hour (check the hours you can redeem the special).
Great food and Drinks!
simply.. don't come here.
Have the Kir and the Hummus.
Lovely martinis but very inconsistent
Happy hour/chocolate martini='s WIN
Service sucks.
Do not get pate appetizer.  Tastes like cat food. Decor nice but service is slow.  Drinks strong.
Great atmosphere, great music, decent drinks... But mostly good for "scene"
Great place, a classic
This place has horrible service. Do not come here!
love the decor,cool place good vibe..
The martini flight, but substitute the cosmo with a sidecar. Amazing!
Unbelievably good grilled cheese sandwiches. Great service too.
Try the venison on Saturday or the rabbit on Friday, best in NY....
shrimp with garlic and house harissa sauce
Always so good here - best brunch in lower Manhattan! Service is good, food is good, price is good. Always busy in here, might have to wait a bit for a table, but it's worth it.
If you're interested in thick chewy amazing cheese, GET the halumi eggs.
Patti Smith was here.
IMO This place is a step above Cafe Orlin with regards to food quality and preparation.
Perfect for a Hurricane day!
Love the middle eastern eggs. If you like real mint leaves in your tea, order their moroccan tea too.
The mixed grill was fantastic. They originally brought out the wrong dishes, but quickly replaced them with the right ones and even gave us free glasses of champagne.
The Moroccan eggs are to die for. Best brunch ever.
BEST FOR PANCAKES. If you like pancakes, pancakes.
great brunch. i had the benedict with smoked salmon (eggs were perfect, salmon was flavorful, english muffin was delish). comes with a nice little salad and really good home fries.
Take eggs, minus toast & potatoes, plus humus, harissa, & pita. Middle-eastern meets western brunch surprisingly well. There's a much needed 2nd location in BK as this joint is always causing a cue!
Food is good but the service by the host was just not. He blatantly gave a table to another couple right in front of my eyes  Could be the color of my skin?!? Think twice before you visit...
Mix the sweet iced tea and lemonade for a refreshing summer drink.
Take eggs, minus toast & potatoes, plus humus, harissa, & pita. Middle-eastern meets western brunch surprisingly well. There's a much needed 2nd location in BK as this joint is always causing a cue!
Chicken Bastilla and Moroccan Benedict are to die for.
Really good hummus, but it's easy to fill yourself up on it. Plan accordingly.
My waitress said, if you're trying to decide between the halumi eggs and anything else, get the halumi eggs. She was right! Amazing.
The Labne is amazing!
One of the best Greek salads I've ever had
Hummus is amazing, middle eastern eggs amazing, omelette is amazing
OMG - the brunch is ridiculous.  Give the moroccan eggs a whirl
This place is amazing. Te food is great the wine list has a bunch of wines for $40 and under every bite was better than the next!!
Large pot of mint tea is a must
Delicious food in a fun and loud atmosphere. And the banana bread pudding is where it's at!
Last time I came for brunch. Everything was delish
Best dishes: chicken tagine w/Potatoes, Turnips & Saffron w/cous cous; mint tea; strawberry and rhubarb crumble
Moroccan tea with cookies is a must-have finish to a great meal here
Its all good
I love this place!  Moroccon food is usually just ok but this place has the best lamb or seafood tagine!  Great wine list!
A piece of dark chocolate infused with star anise was like eating a chocolate covered licorice – if you love licorice in any form, then this is right up your alley. http://bit.ly/OZ34Hy
Deliciously decadent hand-painted chocolates make the perfect special occasion gift – try the tea collection.  Or just pop in for a chocolate bite and a good cup of coffee.
these chocolates are amazing. try the tamarind caramel, coconut curry and cardamon cinnamon. also loved the framboise!
Try anything- truly original and incredible chocolates!
The Cappuccino Cups are a must
German beer. Delicious currywurst. Casual and cheap. What more could you want?
Try the currywurst ($7). "A veal and pork bratwurst, cut up and served with fries and a homemade, tomato-based curry sauce, is the perfect snack food while drinking German beers.
Don't leave without ordering the Berliner weisse.
Get the Berliner Weisse. They've got both the raspberry and woodruff syrup. Very hard to come by in America.
Order the kale and congratulate yourself for eating a vegetable (albeit one with bacon in it).Then all you have to figure out is Kostritzer or Kolsch?
Currywurst with fries here is absolutely amazing.
The large is enough for two people.
Tiny Beers are the best.
Wild-boar sausage
Get the currywurst, like two of them, get a beer, people watch, eavesdrop on some weird conversation, and kiss your boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Sit in the new booths! They knocked out the wall and added a bunch more seats.
My beer has overtones of bacon. #bourghetto
Holy currywurst, hallowed be thy name.
The only place in NYC you can get bratwurst & listen to Shakira. If you are like me this is 100% awesome.
Try the Currywurst And Fries - Maybe it is the best currywurst (via @Foodspotting)
Try the currywurst ($7). "A veal and pork bratwurst, cut up and served with fries and a homemade, tomato-based curry sauce, is the perfect snack food while drinking German beers."
Get the Nürnberger.
You need to know only one thing that this spot place is tiny but except that, everything is perfect! lol
Currywurst!
Went with my friend who lived in Germany for a few years and gave it a thumbs up.  Enough said
Kind of a tiny spot but great food and beer selection.
Layne Mosler of Taxi Gourmet says, "I like it better than what I tasted in Berlin. Here, it’s a little more cured and the sauce they make is a proprietary sauce."
What's unique here? Only place in NYC with 3 types of bratwurst, including local Finger Lakes when they can get it.
I've eaten here 3 times this week and still loving it! Currywurst is awesome paired with Radeberger!
The schnitzel sandwich is really two sandwiches ;)
Kase Krainer & sauerkraut is bomb.
Still the best Currywurst this side of the Atlantic.
German beer! Go for an Kristall Weizen.
the currywurst is fantastically awesome. get it.
The kasekrainer is cracktacular! The best wurst on the menu by far!
Good vegan options. Don't be alarmed by the realistic faux-Parmesan "cheese".
OPENING early November!
Still lovin it after all these years!!!! Best staff!!!
The vegetable tempura is deliciously amazing.
The American Dream roll is no joke.  Ask for Katie, she takes good care of everyone at this intimate East Side joint.
Eat at your own risk! The Dept of Health closed this place for unsanitary conditions, but they are still opening at night.
everything is fresh and delicious and prepared with love. bring wine, lots of it. fu  4evaz
Order the vegetarian-friendly sweet potato roll!
BYOB.
Ask Fu for some "chips" and he'll bring you a few of the house specialty for free.
Most amazing sushi and the owner, Fu, was so friendly and brought us complimentary appetizers!
This place is horrible.  They have a special for a sandwich and chips outside on the board and they don't even acknowledge it!
Ordered milk that was 4 days expired. The cake is very dry sometimes. It's a hit or miss
Chicken Fajita panini
Pollo alla vodka all day
Their tiramisu is surprisingly delicious. I mean it's not high end Italian restaurant delicious, but it is worth it :)
Breakfast time is hectic with all the construction workers coming in and placing huge orders. Lunch - order the P2 panini, its delicious!
Gyro for lunch and eggs with grilled mushrooms and onion for breakfast makes my day
Everything is good. There's no menu, so ask for help from the friendly, talented staff - you won't be disappointed.
The fried mutz with caper sauce is amazeballs!
Ask Falco to breakout out his monkey!
Make friends with Falco.
Ask for Sal the owner.  He will take great care of you.
No menus. Just tell them what you want. Start with a main ingredient like steak or lobster. Then let them fill in the rest. Chef likes a challenge.
Chicken Diavolo here was one of the best meals I may have ever had
Bow tie pasta w the creamy meat sauce is a must get! Calamari a must! Ossubuco wow!
Ask for a round of "short beer" shots. You'll impress both the staff and your companions. And they are awesome!!
Best Italian in NYC
Good hot antipasto, make sure to ask for prices, it is pricey! Don't get surprised after ordering without a menu, with a big check!
Absolutely amazing dinner experience. Just do it and you'll understand
Order a round of "Short Beers." Smooth, easy shot made with 43.
they're even online. http://www.volarenyc.com/
Like nuts? Sit at the bar. They have an endless bowl of quality nuts (aka not just cheap peanuts).
Atmospheric old-school red sauce joint too inconspicuous to attract tourists; a real outpost of lost NYC. Nobody orders off the menu here; trust the servers. Veal chop parmigiano is huge, delicious
Awesome location - try the veal parm on the bone - perfect.  After dinner drinks a must - I recommend zambuca with coffee beans.  Service is impeccable.
don't even ask for a menu. just tell them what you want to eat. they'll make it.
tell the bartender that Gary says you can have a free drink on his tab
Great after meal shop!
Get the table in the back on the right with the wall bench,you can charge up your devices and unwind with a hot beverage
All the cupcakes are truly awesome! Red Velvet my favorite, then cookies n cream!
The grasshopper is awesome!
Kosher for Passover Cupcakes #winning.
This place rocks
Try th CHOCOLATE SNOWBALL!
So clean!!!!
get the red velvet... and somebody try the margarita flavor. i didn't get the chance
Red Velvet with someone special :)
Awesome Stuff!
The red velvet cup cakes are awful!  Stay away from them.
Try the Apple Cobbler Cupcake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Peeps Cupcake (via @Foodspotting)
Frosted black and white cookie is delicious!
If an atheist has a cupcake from here, he or she will believe in God.
not sure who was here today (1/8/11) but me and ALL of my friends have stomachaches now!!!!! wtf
Hot coco can be made vegan
Homemade Lemonade is Awesome!
Please do yourself a favor and get the pb cup!
fav is the mocha chip!
Love the Carrot Cake Cupcake!! Yum Yum!
my favorite are the Red Velvet and the S'mores :)
I agree: Carmel apple cupcake is great. Try a homemade soda!
Go old school and pick up a carrot cake cupcake.  Stunning.
Cookie dough and caramel apple cupcakes are mouth-watering.
super wack. stale donuts. generic cupcakes. did I mention stale donuts? fake "Caffé Americano."
Go to Crumbs and grab a red velvet cup cake and a bold coffee. Yum!
LOVE! The hot chocolate and the cookie dough cupcake. Try it!
get the pistachio cupcake or the cookie dough cupcake
They never have French fries for the sandwiches.
I love the fact that they're open 24 hrs a day.
I keep coming back for the fresh squeezed orange juice. So necessary in the morning.
Wide variety of cream cheeses. Not the best bagel I've ever had but saying its the worst is a little dramatic seeing as dunkin donuts and starbucks are both around the corner. THOSE are bad bagels.
Herb Chicken, Muenster, Honey Mustard, Truffle Oil, On a Roll.
Long wait. Worst bagel I've had in years.
Egg bagel with smoked nova...perfect treat at 3am
Tuna melt is great. Simple yet amazing.
Mexican Coke is $1.91!
terrible service, terrible bagel. i think this bagel must be from two days ago, that's how stale it is.
Try the black an white cookies. Two at a time guarantees chocolate and vanilla in every bite.
The go-to place for sammies down here.
Great bates, good service. I come here at least once a week.
Best egg + cheese on a bagel sandwich you'll find.
Terrible service, worse coffee
Worst bagel in NYC.
They are understaffed and usually out of stock
Overpriced. No combo deals.
they have baby spinach here!
Awesome dishes with just little tweaks that make it unique. We recommend the pork belly or the burger that has chorizo ground into the patty, served with fries lightly sprinkled with sugar. Oh boy.
One of my favorite spots in the West Village. Incredible service, delicious wine... get the meatballs, ricotta crostini, mussels and chocolate mousse for dessert!
Get the meatballs, fries, and arancini. The cauliflower didn't have enough salt.
Impressive selection of wines by the glass with deliciously schmancy appetizers and cheeses.
Great short ribs and burger. Excellent service. Great find!
Best smelling bathroom anywhere. Also fantastic service and out if this world food. Pork belly is awesome.
Off the hook food, wine, and service. This is a great new addition to the area. Welcome Bar'rique!!
lots of awesome flavor concoctions :)
The ice is shaved to perfection and the flavor is consistent all the way from beginning to end.
Amazing flavor! Melts in your mouth
Sit near the window, where the breeze & light wrap you up in a cozy embrace.
An institution in late night drunk food
Fucking false price advertisement on the cheese fries charging me a dollar extra for a medium when I asked.for small
Best drunk food ever. Staff is awesome.
Can't beat their 99. Breakfast ! Luv it!!!!!
Get your dog here! No need to go all the way to Coney Island for the bite that began it's life there. The hot dog is as New York as Times Square--cut the salty with the sweet and try the papaya drink.
Another classic New York treat...have it how you like it--onions, sauerkraut, standard ketchup and mustard. Pair it with some papaya drink to cut the salt. So tasty and affordable, you can have 2nds!
Delicious cheap snack!
The Cheese Fries are ridiculously addicting.
This is my go-to for late-night snacking. Love their fries, and the corn dogs are yummy!
Get the cheese fries in the rain.
Best place to get a Manhattan-Williamsburg late night snack aka $1 hot dog
Try this lunch truck's tilapia. ($5) "An outsized chunk of the flaky white fish is fried and doused in a spicy sauce of stewed onions, peppers and herbs."
Belly rewards card here
They turn their wifi off on the weekends, ugh.
Good food. Terrible service.
Milky Way latte is the best coffee in NYC
Try the crab cakes - so good!
Get the meat plate...the portions are huge
Huge vats of coffee, cheap brunch and delicious eggs florentine!
There is enough cream cheese on these bagels to spread another three of them...
Reminds me of a cafe in Florence, Italy. More of a relax and people watch place  - if you're in a rush, don't come.
Never trust a ginger.
Omelet was bit dry, but the home fries are pretty good
Brittany and Danny have gone off to bigger and better...Tony & Ahmed still chef-ing away...try the blackened salmon salad.
Go with the Chipotle or Mediterranean salad
Cozy neighborhood coffee house.
Grab the turkey panini (Brie & Walnuts) and a glass of Primitivo
All the waiters wear hats
Weekend brunch is lively.
Enormous coffee. Nothing special in any way but was crowded on a Friday night. Guess it's the location?
Bananas foster crepes are excellent.
Wifi pass is 2122531046 (phone #). The large is too large (twss)
Prepare to wait 15 min for the check....the food is great, the service was terrible.  The place is great if you have time to eat.  Now I gotta rush to work...
Delicious black coffee... both hot and iced.
Ask for "The Caffeinator" - really just a large coffee, but it comes in this massive vat of a mug.
Take your laptop & chill at the bar. Barista is super nice. Why do I not do this more often?
$10 beer and burger (+fries)!
Good coffee without the heinous lines at Abracao.
Eggs Benedict is terrible...
Was about to order with a friend but looked at the health inspector's report and changed our minds.
Florentine Cup is amazing and the Black & Blue Burger is to die for. Yep no place for "blogging" here just great eats, drinks and inspiring conversation
Cafe Au Lait tastes like s##t! I gave up after 2 sips :(
now open 8am- 10pm weekly!!!
Basic green juice x kale ceaser if you want to LITERALLY feel like a new person.
The raw oatmeal is mind delightful. So is the bob marley music. my soul feels good...
Is this a juice bar or a hoarders bar?
Hey guys. The sign in the window says 10a-10p 7 days. Not noon. Plus rude to leave a customer standing there waiting for the door to open. Change the sign or honor it.
This place changed our life. Try the Gravity Juice, kale salad, and dried papaya.
Do a juice cleanse from here.  You will feel great.  Also,  the Martin Scoresez (sic) is a hangover's worst enemy.
uh oh! the almond mylk here is giving organic avenue some serious competition! (less than half the price too?!)
Guy behind the counter rec'd Doctor Green Juice. It was disgusting.
Attending Blue Moon Burger Bash? Tweet and instagram your photos to @FoodNetwork using #NYCWFF!
You can get any of their fire-grilled meats (or even salmon/swordfish when available) over a shepherd salad with greens+lemon juice and EVOO
A few things you should know about it tho - it's made in a wrap, not a pita. Seating is minimal. It's more of a grab and go place. Their moussaka, it is legit, so tasty!
Cheap, tasty Greek food made by a staff you know eats it everyday. Lunch specials are under $8 & you can sample everything. They have an extensive breakfast menu. Not a place to sit so order & go.
Conan wuz here
Try the $7 lunch combo
This iz da best place to have mediterranean food in da town love their food it's simply owsum
Try the gyros, one of the best in the city and the baklava is awesome
Gyros are awesome...best I've had in a long long long time.  Baklava is so thankfully tasty without being overly syrupy.
There is a very nice and friendly cat, it is normally hanging out by the deli cutting table.
$10 for two dozen beautiful roses.  Great selection.
they have great coffee!
A tiramisu is made from fresh cream, not cheese!
One of the best hidden secrets in the Village! The Lasagna Bolognese is unreal.
Full house at 9pm on Friday (duh...). Make a reservation!
Decent place. Nice food, nice italian/sicilian restaurant
Great service. The salmon was awesome.
Love this place get the specials and sit outside:)
The jamz are wild
Noodles are great here! Try the Shoyu Ramen and the Yosenabe Udon. Even better, get them delivered: http://www.delivery.com/menu/Sapporo_East
Nice place - unassuming and good food.
I've been coming here for over 10 years. Notice the only play 3 kinds of music, reggae, ska and ....R&B.
Sappor East outlasts the newer and flashier places in the area because this is a good food, no frills type of place. If you arent feeling the sushi, go for the udon choices, you won't regret it.
Spicy asparagus. Yum!
I had an orgasm eating the curry and rice with tonkatsu
Without a doubt the BEST rolls in NYC...nuff said
They are open back again!!! Yayyyyy
Really unexciting.  Over priced considering the super cheap options near by, and underwelming cuisine considering the areas many AWESOME Japanese spots.
Shio ramen was a'ight. Would've preferred it more al dente.
order spicy oyster, spicy scallop & dragon roll .. and tell your waiter it's an "Under Water Battle!"
Sapporo roll is awesome.
Spicy ebi aspara roll and the deep fried chicken are awesome here.
Free coffee with purchase of any goods. Unfortunately it's like drinking washing detergent.
Free coffee with the purchase of a pastry.
Free coffee with any purchase. Can't beat free.
Came in to buy RAM and end up having some Great Crepes.
Horrible and expensive food!! Don't go!
Ice Coffee and Cup-cake !!
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Free coffee with any J&R purchase and 1/2 off any baked good after 5 pm. Iced coffee & a cupcake for $1.22? Can't beat that!
Free Icecoffee, coffee, icedtea with purchase reciept from  J&R !
They have the most delicious Orange Chocolate Tarte's. Try one, you'll love it!
add .50cents! and you got a one topping slice. Can't beat it.
$1 NYC pizza? A college student's dream!
Man, I love this spot. Late night munchies in the EV.
Ask them for a pizza and then wink! They'll know what you mean.
Great dollar pizza, regardless of whether you're drunk or sober, any time of day or night. Always fresh because of how popular it is.
It's a buck fifty a slice now!
donuts are tasty!!!!
Cheapest NY slices but better to go there when the pizza just get out of the oven.
Eat pizza, get drunk, eat more pizza.
$1 slice is quite nice. And cheesy/doughy :)
The myth of good NYC pizza
Dirt cheap pizza, nothing more to say here...
Pizzas are 99¢, the crack whores are free.
For $1/slice, it's great. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best cheap pizza in ny!
Drunk munches, anyone?
Sure, the pizza isn't exactly great... but who cares? It's a dollar per slice. You won't regret it (until it passes through your digestive system).
2 dollar pizza sandwich
Best drunken munchies
At $1 a slice or $2.75 for two and a can soda, this is no subtle artisanal masterpiece. But it's damn good pizza for a damn good price and that makes it a staple stop for every college student in NYC.
Check my picture. I found a QUARTER BAKED INTO MY SLICE!!! You get what you pay for...plus more? yucko
1$ slices. 'Nuff said.
Chicken slices are the best!
N-Sider favorite: We have been eating here since they first opened up and it's great to have a place like this that you can go to late at night. Did we mention that it's only $1 a slice!!!
Hard to beat $1 slices of Pizza!
Got a delicious slice of pizza & a bottle of water for $2 at 3:30AM, cant go wrong!
Good pizza for only a dollar. Not much cheese tho
Go to yogurt station for dessert after! Pizza + yogurt = not even $5!
Yummy & cheap
For $1 you pretty much get what you pay for. But it’s better than most of its competitors.
Definitely order the Uni Coco... Fish + coconut milk can never go wrong...
Everything is incredible. Sit at the bar, you can't go wrong.
Some exotic combinations to delight the palate.
Yummy. Green tea tiramisu is a must have.
Eel Napoleon, Fried Oyster Roll and Tuna Mill-Feuille = Parties in my mouth!!!
Tuna mille feuille, fried banana roll. 9.95 lunch special. Amazingballs
Citron tea with citron is amazing
Go before end of November - changing chefs.
I am a huge fan of both uni coco and squid spiral.
Sushi x Jamaican.  Not to miss.
Lunch special $9.95 for two choices box lunch.
Why spending a fortune at Nobu or staying in the line at Tomoe Sushi? Aki beat them both!
My favorite sushi place, cute and quaint, best service.  One dish is better then the other but the tuna mille feuille is to die for, melts in your mouth, I have gone and actually ordered 2.
the passion fruit beer is amazing!
If you arrive too late to take advantage of the Early Dinner Special, make a meal out of exceptional appetizers like the Montauk Salad and Tuna Mille-Feuille.
Order the tuna mille-feuille and eel napolean.  They're the best items on the menu!
It's fusion. Tuna Mille feulle. Eel Napoleon. Uni coco. Fried oyster roll. Spicy chirashi.
Tuna mille feuille. Caribbean Roll. Fried Banana Roll.
Amazing Bloody Mary.
If you come during brunch don't sit too close to the stage, you will not be able to her yourself think
VERY SLOW service. If you're short in time, go lunch somewhere else.
Try the Spaghettini - Overall, good lunch material. Love the greens. (via @Foodspotting)
The grilled chicken sandwich is amazing.
Slowest. Bartenders. Ever. (But the Pear Tree is good.)
If it's on the bar menu try the B.L.T. - it is literally one of the best sandwiches that I've ever had.
What kind of place stops serving brunch before noon?
Nice menu, but Thursday music night was the WORST IDEA EVER. The music was terrible.
Nice ambiance! Get a glass of beer and play some free pool!
Grilled steak sandwich of awesomeness
One of my top 5 bars in Brooklyn. Used to work in the neighborhood, spent a year away, came back to find I love it even more. Service is awesome, vibe is awesome, late-night hang is absolutely great.
Go for brunch. Came on a Sunday (?) around noon and there was live bluegrass, which was pretty good/festive. Breakfast burrito was amazing. Made a reservation but there was virtually no line.
sit in the "Crows Nest" (left most seats near the kitchen) in the upper bar. gawk down at the nouveau-dumbo crowds at the bar. get snarky. get drunk.
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Superfine
Bartenders are a little inattentive and rude.  Two visits, happened both times. I'd rather go to Brooklyn Tap House in Clinton Hill or Royale in Alphabet City for a better experience/service.
Small portions
You love bluegrass. So hit up Sunday brunch for some tasty eats and some fine old timey music. Banjoes included.
The bartenders are the best!
Perfect date restaurant :)
Полная хтоническая хуита
Pass on the uncreative and watered-down cocktails. The food is way overpriced to be so bland and uninspired. Just get a beer.
I am tired.. please give me solution...?
Hey mayor ur cheating checking in 2 3 times a day don't be like that it'd not fair
Makan pagi br0
Try the Spaghettini (via @Foodspotting)
I'm coming for yo mayorship bitch
makan bareng keluarga....
Terrible bar layout, poor design & servers are depressed and mean
Visit Superfine for their happy hour from 6-7pm; a great spot for meeting up with people after work in the New York Digital District.
I was just there!  But I am elusive like a unicorn!
If this store had a door on Hudson street, it would really help!
Anton S is real!!!!
I'm calling Mayor Shenanigans! I check in here every day, often with the Mayor "in the house," yet I never see him. Anton S., show yourself!
If u order a combo, make sure they actually give u the discount and don't ring up the items separately.
AM rush hour service is extremely slow
Plenty of power outlets to charge your gadgets.
The staff is so pleasant!
There's a modeling agency and penguin publishing down the street, need I say more?
Highly recommend the Chicken Bruschetta.
Not that bad with lines in the AM compared to the nearby Starbucks
This DD has a real deli and makes great sandwiches including cuban, and chicken bruschetta. Slightly more expensive than Subway but the taste is much better.
Watch out for the movable truck with death strong espresso.
THE nicest barista I've had the pleasure of encountering. Will give you suggestions based on what you're thinking about. A MUST if you're in the NYU area.
A small Iced soy latte is $$$$5.25!
Big Chai is about $5! And so good!
Great for dogs. For the obvious reason (it's a truck!) and they have dog treats. On the downside, they're not open until 7:30.
Love their coffee! Better than the Starbucks nearby.
Chai latte is solid. One of the best.
They've been doing this since before food trucks were cool.
If you're looking for coffeethat tastes the way it smells, this your place. The redeye packs a nice punch!
MUD is part of Food Truck Frenzy! From 5 to 10, April 23rd to the 27th, part of their profits will be donated to Relay For Life. The MUD truck is working to fight cancer!
The Mud Truck downtown is right outside the Deutsche Bank building on Wall Street, the guy who operates the truck is awesome and the "Lotta Coffee" is brewed to perfection.
double iced espresso with a view of Astor Place
Chai latte rocks.
just get the simple big cup of joe. it's amazing truck coffee. espresso is lacking.
Best Under the Radar fuel around.
Fantastic chai, if a bit sweet.
don't forget to leave a tip.
1. iced mud mocha2. moccachino3. they're the best staff ever.
Add sugar yourself back home/in the office unless you like drinking coffee syrup.
used to stand on this line everyday before the commute to midtown for the much-needed coffee w. milk and sugar
Another staple of NYC coffee culture.
1.50 for a coffee... They put too much milk, so It was hard to gauge the taste.
Pick me up something nice
Get the Mud Mocha. It's a regular coffee with just a squizzle of chocolate, making it a nice alternative to coffee though not too sweet.
Ask for a bigger straw in your iced drink
Summer: small iced coffee with milk and a little sugar; Winter: small coffee with milk and half a sugar
The coffee is cheaper if you bring your own mug.
Coffee here sux! Dont order the iced coffee! I'm a really good fan of different coffees but this place disappointed me!
Mud is Cults' favorite place to eat breakfast quesadillas & huevos rancheros. But be careful: Their coffee is like jet fuel!
Iced coffee is revved up and better than Dunkins!
The food is decent but the music is killer - old hindi movie classics.
The lamb biryani is the standout. Juices from the tender meat make the rice so moist, you need only a dab of raita.
Good lamb biryani.
Excellent service .....incredible flavors!
There's a year-long $35 3-course dinner option! It's worthwhile good deal.
Indian fusion restaurant. Lamb chops marinated over night in yogurt, parmesan and spices, soooo tender and wonderful okra chips. Five stars for #myZagat
The jury is out on the new, revamped Devi without Chef Suvir Saran.
Mirchi Ka Salan appeared on The Best Thing I Ever Ate
A bit expensive but the food is great.
Devi8 E 18th St (Btwn 5th and Broadway), New York, NY 10003Indian Restauran
great Indian. more expensive.
Its so pretty in here. They have Indian beer and Lassi's. :D
Tandoor lamb chops are great
The sumptuous, regionally inspired Indian cuisine features superlative signature dishes like Jamison Farm tandoori lamb chops and masala fried quail.
Devi8 E 18th St (at 5th Ave), New York, NY 10003(212) 691-1300   @DeviRestaurant   Devi18thnyc.com
No go! Too expensive for mediocre food.
Lamb Chops!  Do itttt!!!
Try the ginger collins.  Refreshing!
Best chicken tikka masala I have had a long time.
Lamb chomps are amazing!!!
Onion Kulcha is amazing. Skip the ragda pattis chaat.
Fried Okra is amazing. Must try for vegetarians
Lamb chops are great but a very small portion for the price
I have to agree with everyone - if you go please order the lamp chops - they are to DIE for!
The chick peas bhatura is a great vegetarian option, and the raita that accompanies it is yummy!
Definitely order the Manchurian cauliflower
Must must have the bread pudding dessert to die forr
the lamb chops are awesome! so is the onion kulcha.
Appetizers better than mains here. Manchurian cauliflower and shrimp bruchetta. Eh on chicken vundaloo. Desserts good too.
Get the lamb chops - amazingly soft
Omfg my stomach is in pain! Pad thai was greasy, calamari was flavorless. Never again!
The crab cake app is great. Solid pad Thai and great prices with pretty generous serving sizes
Super cute little Thai bistro. Get a Singha beer, the Basil with chicken — ask for it spicy — and enjoy the size of the dishes. Recommend the Basil Thai Berry cocktail.
The Pad Thai is very good here.
Just LOOK at this.
The portions are enormous, split a dish for best effect.
Crispy chicken with five seeds is a must.
You get to make ur own thai over tea. Love the green curry here
nice food,go for it!
$8 weekend lunch special for 3 courses of some of the best Thai in NY
Sunset Menu cannot be beat.   Crunchy mushrooms, a huge bowl of chicken curry and a cold beer: 15 bucks.  Boom.
Awesome lunch specials here.
Ah propósito, segundo o garçom, PINTO significa "cesta de piquenique" em tailandês. Achei um pouco suspeito. =)
Bem bom. Na entrada, comi uns croquetes de cordeiro (não lembro o nome) muito bons. Depois, fui de Lamb Massaman... E tava sensacional tb. Saí bem feliz.
The Strawberry mojitos are on point.
Terrible service but roast pork butt may be worth it
Just ask for the Thai Iced Tea. That's the only interesting item on the menu. Enjoy assembling the drink!
I second anyone who's recommended the crab fried rice in the coconut
This place has the best lychee martinis!  Plus lunch until 3:30 for a bargain price of $8.
Definitely try crab with rice cooked in young coconut.
Def a small intimate place to bring someone for a date with great portions, good prices.
Mushroom Crunch. Great app.
You MUST get the Pinto Ice Tea (the places version of Thai Ice Tea) make it yourself. So awesome.
The Sunset dinner gets you 1 app, 1 drink and 1 main course for 15 bucks. Awesome deal.
If in Greenwich Village and looking for dinner, definitely consider this place.
Get the PCU noodle and the iced tea here.  Tea just tastes so much better when you mix it yourself!
Their thai iced tea includes actual frozen cubes of the stuff! Definitely the most gorgeous thai iced tea outside of Thailand.
great Thai rest, amazing price, very cool!!
Thai. Iced. Tea- do it :)
Best Pad Thai ever.
A perfeita, oleosa e american pizza pro fim de noite. Durma feliz depois da bebedeira, mas atenção, pequeno risco de desarranjo intestinal para organismos mais sensíveis. True Story.
Pina colada Italian ice is yummy.  The pepperoni and cheese rolls are amazing!
Calzone was very bland. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Margherita Pizza is a little bland...
I didn't like it. Like Rocco, I was wishing for Bleecker Street pizza the whole time.
Pizza was bland.  Go to Bleeker Pizza instead!
Great baked ziti and big enough for 2 meals.
Don't get the tikka masala.
Stopped in here on a scavenger hunt last night. The chicken makhani and chai were delicious and the service was fantastic! Intimate little place with great decor. I'll be back!
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Save 10% on your meal at this charming Indian bistro in Greenwich Village. Mutual Members only!
Skip. Food was fine but WAY over priced for portion size. Never returning here.
Love the personal service. The portion sizes are a little small, but the food is great.
They have a scam "special" going on right now where lunch is 50% off. That means 50% off dinner prices, and everything is ala carte.
I have to say I didn't LOVE the tikka masala. Should have gone for my first choice of saag panir! Lovely place though and very nice staff
STUDENTS: 50% off In-House!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php!
Think the decor at Curry Kitchen is cool? That's 'cause it's inspired by the impermanent tents of rural Indian nomads. Seriously cool stuff.
Choose from a wide array of mouth watering Indian cuisines that are authentically prepared using only fresh vegetables, natural spices and assorted meats. We cant get enough of the Chicken Tikka Masal
try the prix fixe meal for $13.95.  hearty portions and super delicious!
Yummy food!! Everything is excellent
Any place that fills your wine glass up to the top is a win. Use the @scoutmob app for 50% off.  Food is great too. Can't wait to try delivery.
Try the Daal. Delicious.
Amazing indian food with tons of specials and off-the-menu delicacies :) oh-so-friendly owner puts this in the best of the neighborhood.
Skip the mango chutney, but definitely don't miss the Peshawari naan.
Great Indian food make sure you bring your own bottle of wine
Excellent naan and veggie combo.
great food with resaonable prices....lunches r awsome only $6.95.must try...every meal is a great deal at  this cosy indian restaurant.chicken basil&delicious crab cakes best in city.
Tartar was great!
Best place to go for hamburgers at late night! A must!
Try the Florentine Eggs Benedict (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bloody Mary (via @Foodspotting)
They make their martinis with fresh grapefruit juice - Kettle with a splash of fresh grapefruit juice is quite delicious. Their mushroom ravioli is exceptional - I have had it 10+ times lol.
Head to this great spot for a late night meal.
24 hours w/good food! Lamb Burger is off da chain!!!
Love the lamb burger!
Four thinly sliced portobello mushrooms added to your salad for an additional $7.50?!?!
Fettucini is delicious and not too heavy. Yum
Unwaveringly mediocre food. Better than nothing!
The daily lunch specials can be a good alternative to an otherwise unadventurous menu.
Try the Crouque Madame!
Try the Karlsson's Mule - made with Karlsson's Gold Vodka!
The mocha is good, but be warned: the cup has no handles, and they apparently heat it up on the surface of the sun
really great mussels with fries as well and what a selection of beers!
Omg quiche!
If you haven't done so, you have to visit this place late night. The best place to head after a night out. Trust me!
Crawl here before last call & end your late night with French Pear Martinis & the steak frites! http://MichelleC.tv
get the croque madame
Come for brunch. Avoid dinner.  Cozy atmosphere though.
The owner is a super charming silver fox French man.
Steak tartare!!! BTW, peter's tip: "Best place for a bite". Ask a French person what you said...
always open NEVER closed!.. always if you are hungover, especially if need to eat for a while, good variety of cuisine, love the onion soup!-- of course very Frenchy decor!
Lamb. Burger.
Terrible Cesar salad and shitty cuts of meat. Paying for the name, not the food.
Best cheeseburger I've EVER had! Very crowded seating though and noisy!
Open 24hs, great for breakfast after partying!
Great Lamb burger but don't end up there at 6 am or breakfast. Not such a great menu.
24 hours. Yummy chicken.
Best steak tartare om NYC.
Maple smoked bacon is amazing!!!
Warmest atmosphere in NYC. Sit at the bar till close (close being whenever you decide to leave).
Best duck I've ever had.
Nice tavern style.
MDR for great service and private atmosphere, the bar for catching up with a friend. Good drinks and spectacular food at both :)
Book early for the white table clothe round table. Run up a fat bill Order the lamb and watch the high life.
A NY institution for a reason.  Excellent food and superior service - all in a luxurious, yet "cozy" atmosphere with zero pretension.  Highly recommend.
Get the burger or the soup/sandwich combo at lunch in the bar. Totally worth it.
St Estephe 2005: go for it
Epitome of winter in New York, Gramercy Tavern is the perfect spot. Be sure to ask the bartender to mix you the Hot Chocolate Martini – Dana
Right now they have Quintarelli by the glass. If you're ever so fortunate to see any of his wines available in this manner - take advantage! A master wine maker who is sadly no longer with us.
Get the striped bass for lunch. Amazing!
Love it here always good!
Michelin 2012 ★
$$$, but best dinner ever!
One of my favorite date night spots.
make sure you reserve a spot in the Dining Room. Their tasting menus are mind blowing. Best dinner ever.
A little pricey – but WELL worth it. Try the trout!
This secret, off-the-menu burger is only served at lunch, to 20 customers a day.
Try pastries using summer's seasonal ingredients, like a blueberry-corn sundae topped with toffee popcorn, lemon-verbena granita or a homey strawberry pie:
Getting engaged tonight?   www.GardnerHamilton.com
Strawberry Pie, with fresh mint ice cream...AMAZING!
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Gramercy Tavern
The service is even better than reputed.
One of the best places in NYC, both in terms of quality and value. Try the tavern for great cuisine at an excellent price. We loved the monkfish with citrus salad ($22) & the ricotta cheesecake ($9).
Sit in the Tavern room... Cozy
Beautiful decor with tons of fresh flowers around the room. The limeade was some of the best I've had, the monkfish was delicious, and they brought me a cute tray of cookies for my birthday.
elegant without being pretentious, you can decide to have a couple of drinks at the bar or sit down for a nice dinner. Very good oysters!
Good place to be
Fan of the wine label card they give you when you leave! I tried a bottle of the Bouquet de Monbrison Margaux 2006. It was great.
The front room is my favorite spot in the city.  Snag a couple bar seats and enjoy!!!
I come here every single time I'm in NYC.
S'mores very good
I got these as a birthday gift a couple of years ago and was so impressed! Fun little bite-sized treats. An array of flavors ♬
The minicupcakes are awesome! I got 3: cinnamon, red velvet and peppermint/chocolate and they were amazing!
Peanutbutter!
Simply the best. My favorites: Chocolate Mint and Peanutbutter!
itty bitty bite-sized cupcakes that melt in your mouth. Usually worth trying their flavor-of-the-month
Bite-sized cupcakes perfect for a hostess gift.
Small size, great pleasure! Delicious!
Baked tiny by Melissa. Good but pricy. Great and awesome can be found at 350 Classic Bakeshop in Rye, NY. Those people can rock a cupcake!
We love how the cupcakes are bite-sized! You don’t have to commit to just one flavor... or just one cupcake.
Try the St Pattys Day Cupcakes - Magically Delicious! Thanks @jglas528! #stpatricksday (via @Foodspotting)
This is where it all began! Grab a mini (or 12) from the walk up window and take in the pulse of Soho!
Perfect bite size sweet treat!
Best Bite sized cupcakes EVER.. The Chocolate chip pancake flavored cupcakes are my favorite
A corporate supporter of SACH! We love her cupcakes!
Baked by Melissa's mini stuffed cupcakes are perfect bite-sized snacks and are only $1 each!
Mini stuffed cupcakes
Perfect little bite sized snack when you’re sweet tooth is calling!
PB&J. 'Nuff said.
How to get ‘S’more of that tasty treat on August 10, 2011 National S’mores Day? http://exm.nr/nZt0Pj
Started the weekend off with a bang. Quick cupcake run by my boss had us both devouring choc chip pancake and peanut butter!
Try the Assorted mini Cupcakes - Mint chocolate is my fave!! (via @Foodspotting)
3 cupcakes for $3, I'm a sucker for anything mint chocolate
Very interesting small different flavors of cupcakes!
60 Thompson concierge Paul says, "Always go with the seasonal special, and a tie-dye one just for fun." These little treasures come 12 for $10.
Tried the PB&J & the Cupcake of the month (birthday cake) and it was amazing! thanks Deb for putting me on.
Bring your appetite.
love them all.
BEST.CUPCAKES.EVER. get the cinnamon
Hey illy fans! Got a new iPad? Download the free app Catalog Spree http://bit.ly/catalog-spree and browse the illy catalog for great deals w/o spending money on gas or waiting in long lines!
Don't leave without savoring a serving of chocolate mousse.
Cozy table by front window, tartinettes, beets, cauliflower gratin & selection of cheeses - perfect for intimate date or group of friends.
The oxtail marmalade is incredible
Not much in the way of cocktails, but wonderful food and expert presentation.
Incredible hidden gem. Mushroom herbed croque=Delish.  Proschoot and fig,, I can't even....
Jamie is an extremely attentive, knowledgeable and gracious server!
The scrambled eggs with prosciutto are hard to beat. Perfect spot, great space, and wonderful space. A true fav of mine.
Bring your passport for the airplane size portions!
grab a Smutty Nose IPA or Ommegang. interesting beer selection for a French place.
Get a bunch of small plates to share!
A great place to go late for a small plate and a glass of wine. One of my meighborhood faves
We love Jody Williams’s sweet, expertly curated, and dollhouse-scaled taste of idealized France in the West Village.
Incredibly beautiful -- I can imagine finding Buvette's clone in a Parisian back-alley. Also, delicious small plates, great wine.
spoon bread carrot cake?
Perfect date spot, from food, service to decor. Oh so frenchy!
Get the hearty Croque Forestier. Available after 11pm. Closes at 2am.
Love love love this place! Chicken liver mousse is a must! Great cheeses with homemade jam and honey. Cocktails are yummy!
Amazing cheese selection & delectable French basics.
cheap eats anchoiade tartine
Parfait!!!!!!
Order the Aligot.
Enjoy an Aperol Spritz - the perfect aperitivo!
Everything everything everything
[Eat] You can't not love chef Jody Williams' charming French Bistro with its amazing tapas-size dishes, rustic-chic decor and gorgeous menu design.
Get the outside table lovely
Truly authentic Parisian feel. Alsace Pinot Gris = delicious. Waiting for a table = not so delicious.
Better lunch place than when the douchy evening clientele descends upon it. Food is generally even although the cassoulet is a bit one dimensional and light for me.
The cutest French bistro in New York.
NYC Foodie Magician reco'd: Artichoke, steak tar tar.  In the W.Village
expensive but tasty wine selection. every dish is special and tasty.
The steak is great! Tiramisu was also awesome. Check in with yelp to get a free glass of wine.
If you go there tip Natalia well. She's awesome!
New juices menu coming soon! We are putting together a really nice selection/recipes of organic fruits and veggies to add to your favorite brunch in the west village
Great Verdicchio white sangria with organic grapes, apples, blackberry, blueberry, oranges and strawberry!
Poor service, rude waiters. 2 hours in and only to get the wrong meal..
Not that much food for the money. Im stilll hungry
Horrific service. No drinks 15 min after ordering them. Too many other solid places in this neighborhood to waste time here.
The tagliatelle pasta with pesto and shrimp was so delicious I had to stop myself from asking for a spatula to clean the plate.
The gnocchi is a straight-up "YES!"
our waiter was very nice, but the service was slow and the food not good. Sorry. I'll never come back.
Brand new amazing cocktail menu! Its a must try
Try the organic wines!
Best west village Italian I've had in a while.
Organic Wines only at Organika
Little place with a great, cozy atmosphere. Super nice bartender and delicious food!
Service is terrible.  Food is OK but will come for an early dinner when staff won't be distracted so easily.
Worst.  Service. Ever.
Sit on the patio if you want horrible service
Another delicious spot using local and fresh ingredients to create a lovely menu. We recommend the Positano Panini or the Bianca pizza. Check your bill before leaving, the tip is usually included.
Amazing food! Mario, the chef, is great. And you can meet him, the kitchen is open. Love it!
Ciao, this small Italian restaurant offers freshly made pasta at around $25 per person. Unfortunately the organic sauces & appetizers could not save my meal from lack luster service.
The food was good, but watch out: they include a 18.5% tip in your check. Mandatory tips goes completely against their purpose.
The "Gnocchi alla Sorrentina" are very good! As well as the Bruschette. Yum!
What's NOT to LOVE!
No cold stands a chance against the Volcano. You'll understand the name as you drink it- it's spicy!
I love this place - every thing is tasty' But my favorite in the whole wide world is the raw vegan oatmeal! It's addicting!
The fountain of youth helps
Kale Marinated Salad is delicious!
drink your salad, sweet potato pie
This cold-pressed juice, smoothie and raw-food bar has opened its fifth location in Nolita.
A little overpriced for the size of beers but they do German food right! The mustard is so spicy...and I dig it.
awesome shrimp tempura!
Get the salmon special
Great cucumber martini
Try the Duck Ravioli (via @Foodspotting)
Kendall makes the best cucumber martinis in the city, so tip the lovely lady well!
Definitely order the truffle mac & cheese and don't let them seat you downstairs in the summer - too packed & sweaty! Great cocktails.
The best and hottest bartenders in NYC.
Banana pancakes: 3 silver dollar pancakes. Just so you know. If that suits your Sex & The City diet, enjoy! But if you're hungry (or don't want to blow $40 on a child's portion + drinks), don't bother
Truffle fries.... To die
Flirt with the waiter, and proposition him, hes hot.
People next to us are smoking weed. #badidea
One of my favorite west village brunch spots. Get the unlimited and enjoy the rustic atmosphere!
Simply the best. Mingle, the people are good here. The DJ spins off an iPad too, its pretty slick.
A little pricey-er but chic and cute. $40 for unlimited drinks and entree (for brunch). Go here during the summer (outdoor seating in the back and summer drink menu is way better).
Bomb diggity brunch!!!  So good we couldn't believe nobody was here at noon.
Just make sure they don't seat you in the bar area.
Too hot in here. Turn down the heat.
It's a BG New York City Secret! Faces of 5F Semifinalist Mariana loves this spot when she is in the mood for Italian - don't miss the live music Wednesday - Saturday.
Check out this historic location during brunch with unlimited drinks and outdoor seating – try the Omelette Peperonata, the Dutch Pancake or the Burger.
Bar tenders are the best in NYC!
Outside patio seating is available. For lunch, the Octopus Carpaccio is a delicious starter. Can't go wrong with Grüner Veltliner wine paired with the Chicken Paillard.
The menu's been updated since the 19th century with grub like buffalo carpaccio with house-made gnocci, basil-crusted swordfish and a bacon-cheddar burger with truffle fries.
Nicely themed cocktail list with 2-4-1 happy hour
The drinks taste like .... College @Lauriesegall
This place has one of the best cocktail menus & amazing food. Date spot? Hookup locale? The choice is yours. This place is legit.
One of our favorite go too places. Ask to sit in the garden!
It's a BG New York City Secret! Faces of 5F Semifinalist Mariana loves this spot when she is in the mood for Italian - don't miss the live music Wednesday - Saturday.
Try the St. Germaine cocktail, ladies! And from 6-8 during the week it's 2 for 1. Bliss.
Is anybody outside tonight?
Best place in the city to run into TvB.
5-8 every night drinks are buy one get one. Check out the live ban downstairs
Free specialty cocktails of the owners' choice on Wednesdays from 10:00-11:00. DIVINE Dark'n'Stormies.
A really beautiful historic space. A former speakeasy. Try the scallops with the porcini mushroom risotto.
Duck Ravioli, yum!
All you can drink brunch for $40
The burger w/ truffle fries  is pretty good.
Terrible beer selection and ceiling heights.
Checkout the room downstairs. Quaint, cozy, and romantic.
Cucumber martini is refreshing and delicious
Scallops were amazing. Tuna tar tar was too!Great staff.
A lot of $$$ for a subpar meal, average wine, and a superb locale. Semi-fail.
Bartenders are hot!!!
The burger was not the best
Todays Iphone 5 giveaway, limited time offer. http://only4free.com/
Female employees are incredibly rude. I had a three salad, two smoothie and one soup order and they freaked out that I didn't order ahead. They ignored me repeatedly when I asked to get the soup too.
Muito bom!
Very good!
I got a salad.
Try the Salad. It's to die for
Seasonal summer fiesta salad w lemon ginger dill dressing is delicious!
Asian sesame grain no wheat berries or quinoa w egg whites and dried cranberries and spicy Thai peanut dressing
You get free wi-fi by Cosi when you come over here!
What sets this place apart from the rest is the option to add shredded buffalo chicken, in my opinion it's worth it!
Get the burrito.
The burritos here are awful, way too much lettuce.
Found the staff to be incredibly rude and they messed up my order. Will not go back, plenty of salad choices in the area.
Absolutely worth getting the "loyalty card."  deeply discounted monthly specials, and 10% off your bill every time!
2 eggs on a bagel: $2. Add cheese: $1. Seriously?
ONE piece of beet? Croutons count as a topping? A piece of bread the size of a cracker?
Cafe Beyond makes a MUCH better salad. Look at this sad little salad for $8.70
Try the Spring 2012 seasonal dressing: Sriracha!
The new Tahini dressing is awesome... sauce...
PICNIC IN ROME!!!!!
Our Boss Man's favorite -- great portions for its price and loaded with super fresh and healthy toppings. Choices are endless.
The cowboy Chipolte was really good. The salad chopping dudes were entertaining. Ordering was easy. Def will come back.
They're awesome, I go a few times a week and they greet me by name every time.
10% off if you hold off your hunger past 2 p.m. and use your Just Salad card.
Best make your own salad place hands down. Get it w spicy Thai dressing.
Total rip off. For 9 bucks you get a lot of lettuce an a tiny scoop of chicken with an 8th of an avocado and I tiny slice of tomato. They are super stingy with the mix ins.
The dudes who chop up the salad for you are funny.
Deeelicious with great dressing selection! Brightly lit with pumping music, you can recycle your bowl. The deal they have is worth it. Restroom in the back but get the key at the desk.
Go a few days a week. Place is clean. Staff is friendly. Salads are great.  Great drink selection good online order system.
NYC [Eat] The Pesto Chicken Paradise salad is exactly what it sounds like.
Mushroom garganelli and fried Brussels sprouts are redonk
Everything is good! my faves are the orecchiette, scallop crudo and the squash!!
One of my go-to brunch spots in the neighborhood. They only do brunch on Sundays however. You can walk in without a res and sit at the bar under the lovely skylight. Delicious food and pastries.
Love the olive oil cake
This is a solid place-- the food is consistently great! It's also a certified green scene restaurant!
Roasted mushrooms and the chicken are not to be skipped. My favorite dishes in nyc
Escolar crudo was amazing.
My perfect meal is their homemade ricotta, orecchiette pasta and hanger steak!
Always start with the homemade ricotta, get the tagliatelle bolognese, bucatini or hanger steak but leave room for dessert...it's all amazing!
Get the Mezzaluna pasta and ask them to make it spicy. So delicious.  On par with the spaghetti.
Spaghetti with garlic and chilies is amazing. Also, the roasted potatoes with salsa bianco.
The Hanger Steak is their signature dish, and is certainly one of our favorites!
Food is amazing. Great wine selection. Best bets: beef  carpaccio, escolar (sooo good), spaghetti (Order it!),  roasted mushrooms, orecchiette, charred octopus, roasted chicken, hangar steak.
One of the best beef carpaccio I've ever had! Ask for the ricotta plate with jam- off the menu and comes with amazing sweet crackers.
Ceviche was fresh and delicious! The tomato/pancetta/watermelon salad was TDF! My new favourite spot.
Yummmm.....got the banana pineapple bundt cake....de-lish!!
Orecchiette was fantastic; scallops are very good too.
the roasted chicken is awesome! hesitant when the waiter said it was the best thing on the menu, but he was right.
The tagliatelle bolognese blanco is all that it’s hyped up to be, but surprisingly, the moist, flavorful roast chicken stole the show. It’s a must-try.
Order the roasted mushrooms!
Mushroom app & Orecchiette pasta were the stars!
L'Artusi is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Olive. Oil. Cake. Done.
Pasta here is excellent
For brunch, try the bkfast bruschetta
roasted quail
Ate here last night.. Really top notch food & atmosphere...
Best pasta I've had....ever?  Incredible food. more formal/pricey than my standard weekend meal.  [see Dellanima]
orecchiette.
Bethenny Frankel eats here
Buck fifty for iced coffee in the best part of LES.
Order the Jamie Gordon Tater Tots. They are the best. THIS is the best bar in nyc. Hands down.
The most DELICIOUS tots of the tater variety.
Meatball sandwich!! Stop it, you!! I have to eat you all!!
Watermelon martini for the win! I've been coming here for years and Phil never disappoints!
Ugh. Not enough daddys. #lovedads
The tots fully loaded. Easy.
Tater Tots were AMAZING!! and the "Plate" was VERY filling, good to share!
Best catfish sandwich I've ever had.
dry rub wings are a work of art..
Blue Point Blueberry Ale is a treat!
Moroccan chicken sandwich is to die for....
Tonight's the night for a BULLDOG on the rocks. Go on, be bold. Hold the mixers, take the ice.
Burger burger burger. A not on the menu but fantastic drink: yellow fever, order it.
Get the Moroccan chicken sandwich. Their bloody Mary's are amazing. Great place to watch the Steelers on Sunday.
"The Plate" is comparable to a Rochester Garbage Plate complete with higher quality ingredients.
Order the Herbaceous Mojito.  You won't be disappointed!
Get the chocolate-passion margarita! Nice bite.
The Daddy-O bourbon is really solid (made by Wild Turkey).
Best Bloody Mary in the neighborhood!
Check Us Out www.kcnyphotography.com LIKE Us www.facebook.com/KCNYphotography Follow Us www.twitter.com/KCNYphotography
Awesome selection but smells like man B.O. Vom.
Ask Phil for a Purity Screwdriver.  Epic.
I heard it is wonderful when you come to this establishment with Jessica, Michael and Steven Matthew Birkeland!!!
My vote for tastiest buffalo chicken wings in the city
Order the Jamie Gordon tots with bacon. It's not on the menu.
Possibly the only place in the city that serves Rochester's most famous contribution to haute cuisine, the Garbage Plate. Besides the price difference, a solid take on the original.
Grab a burger late at night and try John Fraser's (chef of Dovetail) favorite cocktail "Negroni with Aperol instead of Campari, they serve it in something that feels like a fishbowl.”
Go for the Sloppy Joe and Tater Totts!  They won't let you down.
Selection is great, beers and all else
The Moroccan chicken sandwich is amazing.
"ABC Global Systems Valued Merchant Partner"
Try the blerhhrhehhhrhrh
Tots n cheese. Pretty awesome.
Food is average here.  Chicken sandwich probably takes the lead.  Nice spot for games and plenty of beers.
DOGFISH 90 Minute IPA!!!!
Best hidden gem in union square if you just want a drink or a bite. No pretension.
the black label burgers changed my life but the service left a lot to be desired :( if you're splitting checks make sure you tell them when you order.
they sell soju cocktails (korean liquor)
OMNIFORMER RECOMMENDS a pilsner and the calimari, and a cute girl ... while your waiting for your food read beyourselves.wordpress.com
Pricey beers but they do have Rogue Dead Guy Ale on tap...a rarity in NYC. One of Portland's finest.
The services took forever.  Must try the black label burger... Pretty good! Skip the lobster roll.  Not worth the $$$.  The hot mini donuts were a good idea but way too much sugar... Skip it!
GREAT beer selection,tap&btls. NO distilled spirits.lobster nachos r a thing we shud always hav. Fried pickles on yur burger is a good touch,but Corner Bistro still my fav. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
try the black label burger! it's amazing!
The Black Label Sliders rival my own (actually there's better!) :)
Try the Superman... If you can handle it.
Get the Black Label burger
.the calamari with an order of pop burger is the way to go.
Music mix is fantastic
I dropped a Collectivus Floyd the Black Cat Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Bad ass tuna sandwich and awesome beer!
free wifi but no real power outlets
A little too "cool" for me but great beer selection, it's never mobbed, decent food, and close to my apt.
You can order a plate of pickles for lunch :)
Pilsner urquell on tap!
Get the Superman burger and a liter of Sixpoint Righteous Ale. Bacon egg & cheese sandwich is also excellent
Eat the superman burger and the donut holes with jelly and chocolate to dunk. Have a beer or coffee. Linger and watch the bustle of University Pl. through the big windows. Our server was super nice.
The Superman is great, a lot going on. The beer selection is great - there's bound to be somthing you haven't tried.
The fried pickles and tater tots are good
Dreamy pete that's all you need to no what stud
Go for the lager shandy and not the shanty unless ur a big sour fan. And superman burger is the best!!
Scoutmob 50% off coupon!!! Save up to $20 on drinks and food, no minimum. Expires 10/10/11
Tip the bartender
Flavored Frozen Margaritas For $5??? Yes Please!! Happy Hour all night every night!! :)
Margaritas are strong but we got the raspberry and it wasn't that good.  LOVED the Chimichangas but wasn't impressed by the rest of the food.
Chips and salsa good. Everything else meh. Don't sit on the terrace in the back. Charming until the air conditioning fan (or massive refrigerator motor?) kicks on.
Bad mistake, should have read the reviews! Avoid this place for food- I got sick from it
When ever you want home made food taste come here !! Super good !!!
Love the chimichangas and margaritas. The service is on point. They very attentive and hard working!
Free glass of margarita or sangria with your lunch entree! Love this place :)
Food is okay, but not really worth the price.. Our server was pretty bad. Didn't try out upstairs.
The happy hour prices went up recently. It went from $4 per drink to $5. But always a fun night.  Get there early, get a table, listen to some good music and DANCE
Try the Fajitas De Camaron Y Verduras (via @Foodspotting)
Terrible service. Horrible nachos.  Probably the worst Mexican food in NY.
Went for Cinco de Mayo...it was packed. The margaritas were strong and delish.
Food is great, screw all the bad comments been coming here for yrs and love it
Recently raised happy hour price of drinks to $5. Adjust yout budget accordingly.
Was there last night and love the margaritas =) so delish ....
This DJ Felix or whatever he is sux.... he plays good old skool songs, but he sux SMH
Monday is all you can eat for $12.
food is horrible, lacks authentic mexican spices but compensates with cheap drinks part of there happy hour. Avoid this place on Fridays and Saturdays; it turns; into a mini club and becomes overrated
Get the chimichanga...really good.
Margaritas and tequila!
Monday night all you can eat is where it's at !
Great place!!
Not good!! Food is very bland and over priced!! Ear Mexican anywhere else but here..
Have the shrimp fajitas!!!
The Chicken Enchiladas with Mole Poblano are awesome.
Skip the food and go straight to the second floor for the all night Happy Hours on Monday and Thursdays where you can dance to Bachata and Salsa – the crowd is a bit older.
Margaritas= wasted
The Monday night special is amazing!!!!
The watermelon margarita is very tasty, and it sure gets the job done! If you have to work the next day, stick to only one.
Horrible.. Ordered the 'dirty' enchildas and found a super long hair in it... Fail!
Great lunch special
Wow. When they say spicy, They mean it. Level 4/5 has some great heat & flavor.
lunch special is perfect. tom yum + chicken pad thai.
Oh my deliciousness! This N-Sider is forever in search of the best Panang Curry in NY & 35 Thai has earned a spot on the top 5 list! Thrill seeking spicy eaters will be pleased w/ their level 5 dishes
this place has the best thai in the city.  no one goes because it's not easy to find so bring a crowd for good food and easy to get into.  perfect for a wedding reception.
If you like spicy, head here and ask for the #5 level.  A little hit or miss, but on a good day, it's perfectly spicy!
Do not order level 5 spicy unless you can handle the heat
Best Thai in the city...get the dry curry, garlic pepper, lamb curry, red curry fried rice, or any of the regular Thai stuff...also say hello to Peter and Ray for me
$8.50 lunch special during the week (appetizer and entree)
Best Pad Thai in the city
Now until Saturday 10/6/12 Get a signed BiBiFresh T-Shirt/Cap by our Exec. Chef Marja and Jean-Georges Vongerichten. Check BiBiFresh Facebook for more details.
Arancinis(at the bar only) are awesome. For $6 you get 3 big delicious arancinis with pomodoro sauce on the side.
The lasagna is my favorite lasagna in all of NYC. And enough to feed you for at least two meals! If you're looking for something a bit lighter, the spinach & ricotta ravioli is sweet & tasty.
Tribeca – $20 brunch with unlimited lychee bellinis on Saturday’s and Sundays.
Bread Tribeca got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/1968
The whole wheat pasta and quinoa salad are both great.
Order the free Range Chicken, tastes great!
The carbless lasagna is excellent. But be prepared its served chilled.
Great food, butternut squash was delish..but no bread with dinner?
one of the best eggs benedicts I've had. great espresso.
Bread In Tribeca got a health rating of B with 19 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/1968
This place is so down to earth. I've been coming here almost weekly for 5 years and gained some awesome friends. Amazing food and the most unpretentious atmosphere in the city. I'm in love.
i love this place, i love the roasted tomatoes, and the prosciutto panini
The gluten free pasta is really good!
Best vintage shop down the block away- Church Street Surplus- check it out!
Great gluten free options and excellent cocktails!!!
Must haves: Low-carb lasagna, brussel sprouts & linguini w/ clams. Yum!
One of the most meh places I've been to downtown. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Fried zucchini flower stuffed with buffalo mozzarella. Amazing!!
Grilled shrimp delic!
Vegetarian lasagna - doesn't look like lasagna but it's delish
Reliable Italian - flavorful and filling. Service can be a bit slow, so go when you have leisure time.
Mmmm sauteed cauliflower so good. And healthy!
Closest I've had to an authentic Italian cappuccino in NYC
razor thin pizza. delicious.
Rudest waiters ever. Come if you want bad service. Come if you want to wait despite your reservation.
Cauliflower Puree Soup!
Super lunch special - the skirt steak salad is the best.
Walk the few extra blocks to the spring st location ... The food is better there!
There's only one type of pizza on the brunch menu, but they will make other pies if you ask.
Half pasta half paninni lunch deal is impossible to beat.
Love their lunch specials.
New Limited Time Thai Menu for March...get on the new specials now!
No alcohol here if you're interested in Asahi and Sake with your food.
Great place to bring friends for the weekend, it's mellow and relaxing.  The service is quick and the food is good.  I like Fire Dragon Roll, Tempura shrimp, and Pad Thai
Lunch specials at $5.55 and come with soup and salad! Can't eat that.
Tiramisu and Cappucino! Delicious!
Be sure to order the tiramisu. Wow! Where shall I start? It tastes better than what anyone has ever described tiramisu. It's made with the best possible recipes for sweet cream and lady fingers...
Tiramisu is not tiramisu.
The tiramisu and cheesecake with fruit are both delicious! Friendly staff.
Established 1891. A Little Italy institution. Long counters, wood cabinets, a green pressed-tin ceiling, and inch-wide black and white hexagonal floor tiles with an array of classic Italian pastries.
Gelato, cannoli, and espresso!  Great Late night snacks.
Try the Cannoli (via @Foodspotting)
Staff are super nice! And the hot chocolate is to die for :')
The staff was very nice
Caffè buonissimo!!! (very good espresso) -> tip from italian girl :)
excellent amaretti cookies!
Really good cannolis. Try the chocolate. Staff was friendly in my experience.
CHOCOLATE. ICE.
Rainbow cookies are the best and buy a flower from the sad lady who usually walk in!
Super chocolaté cookies
Have the double espresso and the new York cheesecake. Delicious
The canolis are the best in the city!
No lemon ice until june
say you're friends with vinny
the staff is super rude but the pastries are pretty good.
Not good service
The service sucks
The service here is great! They take their time to make your sandwiches.
Nice location. It kills me how they always ask to toast your bread. I think they get commission for it :-D
Refills are 80 cents. Lame!
I said toasted and They didnt toast my bagel!! Its just microwave warm!
Very dirty store
The store  Always busy "morning time".
Very helpful and kindly service.
They rush you even when the store is empty
If you see someone that needs help, help them.  I just saw a guy trying to be the 'door opener' for some tips and he got lambasted by the proprietor.  He was obviously not ok, so I helped him out with
Ratchets only plz
Quick bite: condense milk toast and milk tea.
Try the cheung fun rice roll ($2.50), "a thin piece of rice noodle that has been steamed, rolled up and then usually stuffed with beef or shrimp. Sunkist Bakery’s are smooth, silky and made to order."
Winner of Best Hidden Gem in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Go through the hidden door for delicious noodley gee cheng fun.
get a sugar donut and coffee before taking the china town bus. Both pretty good and cheap.
Get the water cross steamed rice noodle only 1.50 dollars and it good for vegetarian, too
Come after 7:30pm. The pastry / baked goods are 3 for $1. There's usually a line on the sidewalk for this deal.
One of my favorite bakeries in chinatown, Come early because they run out quickly. Great taro buns, bread and my favorite triangle cake.
Nice selection, good service.
Great dim sum experience
Do not miss the warm crispy sesame ball for dessert, it's perfection (and a favorite of the owner).
Extremely slow service. Also they white out their prices. What's the deal with this place??? They charge $70 for crab with sticky rice. Avoid this place, it's not worth the experience.
Amazing food. Best in NYC. I lived in China for two years and NYC most of my life. Hands down best place to eat in NYC.
Typically less crowded than the mega dim sum joints like Jing Fong and Golden Unicorn and the food is just as good. Get the pork buns, shrimp har gow, pork shumei, and lo mai gai.
My favorite dim sum spot. They will speak to you in chinese regardless. Order the stuffed pepper with shrimp - it has a layer of overcooked rice which is amazing. Fried tofu is surprisingly excellent!
The best dim sum
A good non-touristy location for dimsum! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The tofu with fresh mushrooms in a hot clay pot is literally heaven. Ask for it with an extra side of steamed Chinese broccoli.
If you want to get in on some weekend Dim Sum make sure to get there with a party smaller than 6 people before 12 noon or you are in for an hour wait
This is where the non-chinese people dim sum!
Best dim sum in NYC...easy
Stick mostly to seafood. XO Sauce is solid. Jicama Siu-Chow = a must-order.
Whether you go in the mornings for dim sum or later for dinner (with the option to dine on fish fresh from the tanks), Ping's is guaranteed to satisfy your appetite for great Chinese food.
Try the bathrooms!
great for dim sum, very very fresh!
Dim sum all day and its okay. great service, and... that's it.
Jumbo prawns in creamy sauce with fried milk balls is the ultimate yum. & just a FYI if you can make it out there the Ping's in Elmhurst is about a third cheaper across the board!
Good service, affordable & food is good:)
This is one of our favorite places for Sunday Dim Sum – the food is always hot and delicious, we love the pork buns and radish cake.  Ignore the inevitable language barrier.
After all you dimsum have some hot taho with a touch of ginger with sugar syrup yum:)
Good place for dimsum in Chinatown
They have great pineapple buns for dim sum (they actually contain real pineapple). Ask for them upfront as they tend to run out.
Visit here for one of the city's best and cheapest dim sum brunches. We promise you will leave much later with a full stomach and wallet. Dim sum is $4 a meal.
My only dim sum place. Fresh food and allows private seating for parties of two.
Try the dim sum and great beef chow fun
Great seafood Chinese style. We ordered many things on the menu. Served family style for our group of 12. definitely going back again.
My favorite dim sum spot in Chinatown. Save room for the seafood options (duh), especially the shrimp dishes.
Fried oysters & Green Jade Fried rice are tops, but the crowds come for the weekend Dim Sum which is outstanding. Best/freshest seafood in chinatown.
Tortellini wonderful. Our party of 5 had terrific service.
Clams oreganata is fantastic. It's completely different from other places. It's made to order not in bulk. Caesar salad was on point.
Good calamari but they left out the delicious tentacles!
Contrary to the other tips, I had fantastic service here with a group of 7.
Not nearly as great as the reviews I've been reading. Food was mediocre, and despite having only 2 tables to wait on, service is slow. That could be because our waiter is having himself a glass o'wine
Absolutely incredible food, but terrible service. A frustrating experience overall.
Try a Bruschetta as a starter, then Fettucine Alfredo, and finish it with a Tiramisu...it's worth it
Try their risotto dishes. Absolutely to die for.
Try the pesto shrimp skewers with orange-arugula salad!
Cazuela Mariscos - just like home ;)
Coconut mojito is amazing. So refreshing and smooth.
Grapefruit margarita is a must!
Great place, but recommend coming off-hours if you just want to enjoy a drink and some (fantastic) food -- can get very crowded.
Spicy grapefruit margaritas are a highlight at this popular Mexican spot.
Get the black bean dip. Get any of the tacos. Order the Top Shelf grapefruit. Enjoy one of the best places on earth.
Go for the spicy margarita
Great house margarita, great salsa... Very friendly staff.  GO THERE!!
Totally worth the 1.5 hour  wait. Grab a beer at Top Hops Beer Shop around the corner on Orchard in the meantime. The Platos Mexicano is some of the most memorable food I've tried in the city.
The guac rocks - nice and chunky. Chips great too.
They charge $2.50 if you ask for more chips with your guac
Mango and steak salad is salty sweet deliciousness
The habanero grapefruit marg has serious kick. Burns so good!
Hostess may be the worst human on earth. The only reason you would hire someone like her is if you're fucking her  (also a mistake) or you hate your customers.
Dont waste your time. Horrible food poisoning 5 minutes after eating here. Call 311 this place might kill you.
Habanero grapefruit margarita is the way to go.
Mojitos and tacos in the lower east side
Beyond in love with this place. Grapefruit Margaritas with brown sugar lined rim are a MUST-try. Come early and save a seat at the bar or at table, this place has LONG waits.
the steak tacos-- i know it sounds simple, but the meat is incredible.
Best enchilada in NYC
Be careful, in the context of margaritas, "jalapeno" and "habanero" may sound very similar to your waitress.
Best Mexican in NYC!
Look for the orange front door and the Chinese lanterns hanging in the windows- these are the only identifiers to let you know you've successfully navigated to this rare gem
Guacamole is fantastic- you're going to need more chips though
Margaritas are incredible here. The jalapeño tequila is extremely hot.  If you can't handle it, try half jalapeño/ half regular
Steak Sandwich + Fried Egg on top. - Incredible
I have dreams about the grapefruit habanero margarita and enchiladas mole.
No need to wait in line, saddle up to the bar and order jalapeno or grapefruit margaritas.
The soppasitos are awesome- light and satisfying. The Habanero Grapefruit marg is intense! Jalapeno was just right for me.
The guacamole is... Awesome... Like !!!!
Everything is yummy!!! :) so pretty too cuz it's right bear battery park , must try the kobe beef that u grill urself on a hot stone, good sangria, oysters r really fresh and deres unique sushi rolls!
Lunch menu is reasonably priced and includes lots of food. Great view.
Love the crunchy rolls!
Best Boston Roll in town. Killer terrace views of thew Hudson and The Statue of Liberty. Amazing delivery service.
The service is always excellent, after 2 it's VIP's all around - Great staff!
A Best Kept Secret Indeed. Outdoor patio facing NY Harbour, with light breeze and tree cover. Very Nice spot for couples.
This is the best kept secret in fine and delicious Japanese cuisine in NYC.
Ginger dressing and lychee martinis!
Bright, airy restaurant with marvelous waterfront views. Top-quality sushi. Outdoor patio. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Save $1 using code #472 For a limited time enjoy a Caramel Macchiato or any espresso beverage for $1 off. Through 1/20/13 at participating stores.
Always a long wait on weekdays
This location is actually on 52nd Street, past Earl of Sandwich, Global Kitchen, and Bread Market.
Moved to right outside 52nd Street exit
If the line here is too long, go up one block to 53rd for a larger Starbucks that actually has seating.
Don't ever come here, it's too crowded and your order will be forgotten or wrong
On my way for a vanilla bean frappuccino with caramel.  T.G.I.F.!!!!!
Not the brightest cashiers but at least are friendly and who doesn't love a Lenny's sub? Try chicken cheddar, chikavo, C5 or the greek salad with grilled chicken.
Best Sandwich: Chickavo on ciabatta bread. Game Over!
My kids love the salad bar
The Lenny's sandwich (#1) has officially upgraded to my go-to sandwich on the UES! PERFECTION!
Love practicing Spanish with the salad guys :)
Awesome sandwiches especially #1
Great sandwich spot. Grab one (or two) on the way home.
Good sandwiches but the worst order and pay system in the history of New York. The textbook definition of "inefficiency."
Follow Lenny's NYC on twitter for free give a ways...at random times on 3 random days a week!
Never Try You wont Know How Good It Is..:)
Save room for dessert! Yummy!
Blue cheese potato chips = wicked awesome!!!
The hot chips and blue cheese sauce are unreal.
Outstanding! I definitely recommend the grouper!
Amazing. The daily plates are great.
Slow service and the food was just okay. May have ordered poorly, but the Cobb salad was bland with the blue cheese overpowering everything. The grilled pizza was also a miss.
Very underwhelming.
Done be in a hurry here. Table for three an it took 45 minutes to get our food. Two of the plates were cold when we received them... I'd look for a better restaurant if I were you.
Tuna tartare rocks
The filet mignon here is the melt-in-your-mouth type.
Try the Tuna Tartare (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Low Country Shrimp And Grits (via @Foodspotting)
I've been pretty vocal in my criticisms of Bobby Flay, but I have to say the filet mignon here is on par with some of the best steaks I've ever had.
Meslek Olarak Profesyonel Düzeyde Flörtcülük Yapan Hatunlar Var ...Her Gun-Gece Ayri Mekanlarda Yiyip İçip Eğleniyolar Hesaplarda Saf Oğlanlara Giriyor Yazıkkkk :))
Best brunch bread basket in NYC! And get the Kentucky Hot Brown. You know you want it.
Go see Nikki at the bar. She rocks!!
The food was fantastic! Definitely recommend for a nice meal out.
Southwest Throwdown!
Cold shellfish platter
Excellent bloody Mary made w a tomatillo hot sauce.. Yummo!
Get the hot potato chips with the blue cheese dip. Amazing!
bobby flay needs to spend more time in his restaurants, and not on TV.
Food takes a very long time to come out. 2 other tables have received their entrees before we received ours.
FYI no free refills for sodas. Amazing food, but our most expensive lunch so far :-)
I dropped a Collectivus Turkey Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Try the West Coast And East Coast Oysters - Sooo fresh and delicious... Sorry for the crappy pic :S (via @Foodspotting)
This Bobby Flay restaurant takes an interesting turn with its southern inspired menu. Try the shrimp and grits, Cioppino, or the lamb with sweet potato gratin.
Dark & Stormy. Enough said
Off the brunch menu ordered tasting of All three shellfish cocktails and the Hot Potato Chips with Blue Cheese Sauce.  Everything was amazing, including the pickle bloody mary :)))
Terrible service. Slow. Wrong orders coming out. Pizza app was good but the Brussels side was also terrible. Bobby flay steak in AC is a ton better.
Love this guy always fresh produce and he throws in extras
A great place with very fresh food, great staff and a lot of hard to find items,  a modern romantic look adds to the cozy and inviting feeling when eating here. Love this place!
For breakfast, get the Brioche French Toast. It's outstanding.
Gastronomie 491's selection just got better now that BluePrintJuice is on the shelves!
make sure you try aussie's magic cheese, it's crazy good
Amazing desserts and breakfast pastries that Chantilly patisserie provides from Bronxville NY!
Amazing plate sized oatmeal raisin cookies! Friendly staff who gave away homemade easter candy treats from Richart Chocolatier
Amazing people and service and food. All around awesome place and feeing seriously like I'm back living in Rome.
This new specialty food market and eat-in café on the Upper West Side is now open. Expect goodies from French chocolatier Richart, Le Palais des Thés teas and full breakfast, lunch and dinner menus.
The best waitress is named Jenny.
Ask about the bread basket; it's on the secret menu.
The fried chicken is a *don't*.
Go someplace else.
Come for eggs on a Sunday at midnight... watch the eccentrics yell at the staff.
Fast and delicious staple of UES!
I couldn't live without this place.
Solid Turkey Bacon
They serve "diner wine" here, which means crappy wine filled all the way up to the top of the glass!
The serve "diner wine" here, which means pretty crappy wine filled all the way up to the top of the glass. Hits the spot.
If you like gyro, get the platter and share!  Enough food for 2-3, I always share between myself and 2 children, and we have just enough room for dessert!
Fast, cheap, and consistent.  EPL soccer on Sunday mornings is icing on the cake.
The Cream of Tomato Soup w Orzo is incredible. If its on the menu get it !!!
The home fries were super dry and you only get 2 pieces of bread with the French toast
No wait even on a Sunday morning! Everyone I went with was really pleased and the service was great. We didn't realize there was fresh squeezed orange juice until we left though!
The breakfast specials and come with coffee and toast for less than a small latte from Starbucks. Amazing value.
ASK FOR A SIDE OF RANCH
This might sound hard to believe, but the tilapia with crabmeat (which sounds sketchy for a diner) is actually phenomenal!!!!
The chicken souvlaki-soaked gyro bread is dee-lish.
The chicken quesadilla is delicious and big enough to feed 2-3 people.
Bacon Bleu Cheeseburger with Sweet Potato Fries!
Great food. Awful service, every time
Get the pancakes and the burgers. Delish.
House side salad with ranch, hold the toms! Do it!
Best diner by far - whole wheat & multiple grain pancakes yum
Jrme'eez#;
Sit at the counter and ask for Jimmy! He is the best!!
A big bowl of homemade soup cures the cold ...and is good for the soul.  Mmmm
Burger and fries for about $10. 24hrs a day. Heck of a deal..
Get the portobello omelet with American cheese. This place has portobello game yo! The spinach with the eggs florentine is great, only available brunch and earlier though.
Ok, wasn't fabulous but wasn't bad either. Greasy spoon type diner
Forgot how good the Swiss bacon deluxe burger was. Perfectly done and the fries were amazing. Find that somewhere else in the city for under 10 bucks!  Service always friendly - in and out in 20 mins!
Doesn't look like much, but the food was pretty good. I'd come back. I had the grilled chicken club.
Very nice service here, am always greeted with an enthusiastic hello and a warm smile. Not bad coffee either.
Great diner's diner tucked away in a sea of overpriced tourist fare.
Had the spaghetti and meatballs and reuben and enjoyed both.
Love the Athenian Omelet!
Do NOT order chef's salad. Worst I've ever had. Or baked potato. Usually just get fresh fruit.
GMA concert 1st...yes Beyonce!! Breakfast here after :) Awesome diner...sweet service...delicious breakfast.
Ask for matzo brei. Not on menu. Soo good
The turkey is not what it used to be, its dried out and cut thick ...
Awful service, great prices though!
Friendly service and great prices
Great, fresh $2 muffins to go in the morning. Speedy lunchtime service, and the cheeseburger deluxe is always a good option. Gets very busy & cramped around 1pm every day.
This is a rare gem in the high-priced dining options of Midtown. A small but proper diner with typical diner fare at diner prices.
Don't forget that they're a deli - while you're there getting beer, toilet paper, and cigarettes, consider a delicious sandwich.
Yummy sandwiches especially their egg & cheese on a croissant. Super friendly staff.
Best Bodega in the city!!!
The nicest people work here. They always remember your name and really do sell nearly everything. Wonderful flowers, too!
The best bodega on the Upper West Side, if only because they will dig out your favorite flavor of Ben & Jerry's from the freezer.
2 dozen roses, $10 - last a week
Love their malai cofta
Tiny place but awesome service and really good food. Try the papri chaat!
The vindaloo & tikka masala is awesome!!
A delicious solid standard for Indian cuisine. The Chicken Tikka Masala & Saag Paneer are made just the way I like it. 20 minute delivery from 5 blocks away.
This is part of a chain with many locations but it does not feel like it. The food is delicious and high quality. Try the panir bhurjee its incredible!
Delicious tikka masala and saag paneer. We are regulars & order from here all the time
50% off entrees at lunch eating IN HOUSE only, but still!
During lunch time the entire menu is 50% off. I know, right? I had Dal Makhani and roti bread for $8 and it was great.
Give Patsy a deep french kiss to let her know you appreciate all her hard work!
It's now at 1283 First Ave
penne vodka is a must!
Great thin crust nice staff very straight but friendly
Calzones are great (my favorite.) Cesar salad could use a bit more dressing but the calzone makes up for it!
What? They forgot to renew their liquor license?! I like my Italian with a decent red, so quite bummed.
The Rat Pack used to gamble in Patsy's backroom until the early hours. Even Ol' Blue Eyes knew where to find the best NY pizza.
try the bolognese
Go to Patsy's Pizzeria in the Upper East Side, before it closes/moves because of Second Avenue subway construction.
Ask for Daley. Best bartender in the house.
Great Cuban food, great location, great drinks, amazing house band (if it's still Son de Cuba), their waitstaff is mostly friendly & the bartenders are sweet. Owners are awesome. Mgmt: stuck up...
Try the Flan de Coco (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - Roasted red peppers stuffed with picadillo, topped with melted Manchego cheese and Aged Balsamic (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bartolito - Sweet plantain filled with roast Berkshire pork, olives, and raisins over zesty black bean sauce and goat cheese (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Croquetas Corral con salsa Lulu - Smoked ham croquettes with Lulu's savory sauce of roasted tomatoes and cachucha peppers (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Masitas De Puerco Frito Con Tostones Al Mojo... (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Classic Mojito - Complimentary "mini" Mojito to help celebrate Victor's 50th Anniversary in Manhattan. Thank you Antonio! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mojito - Excellent finish after FREE Tickets to see Book of Mormon! (via @Foodspotting)
If your doing Tapas make sure to have the Tostones Con Masitas De Puerco
Go for champagne sangria and any Tapas. You won't regret it.
The lechon is unbelievable.
Extraño a Aire :( el me hizo adicta a este lugar
Ropa Vieja is presented like a work of art & tastes even better!
Have the red snapper! It's amazing!
Try the Mixed Starter (via @Foodspotting)
Pork Tacos are amazing!
The tour of Cuba ore-is the way to go!
Get the guayabita dessert!!!
Not worth the cost. Get out of times square and find real Cuban food.
For a place that has been around forever, the food was fantastic. Very noisy and busy but great service and fantastic food!!
Great desert menu, tough to choose.delicious!
Great Restaurant. Ropa Vieja crowning the mofongo hmmm! NYC! not cheap, but good!
Victor's is in a great location and their pre theatre prix fixe menu brilliant.  Get the ropa vieja, some sangria, and stick around to enjoy the live music.
Taquitos de lechon and Ropa vieja... Very good!
The chicken soup with avocado is to die for!!!
Cha cha cha.
Have to Try Ropa Vieja and Zuly's Tres Leches
Try the salmon
The food is amazing. The flan is the best i have tasted.
Really, really good sandwiches and soup. Best hidden spot in the area.
Yummy salads & fantastic owner
Great cappuccino and flavourous food with an itanian touch. Awesome!
Recomendo!
Excelente café, muito bons os croissants e o atendimento personalizado!
Sweetest employees, just like their amazing croissant with nutella!
Best cappuccino in the area!
Affordable sushi on the upper east side. Imagine that.
The half price structure there is a bit tricki tho, I thk u must order in 10$ at least
No low sodium soy source :(
Dine in for 1/2 price sushi any night of the week.
A very sophisticated and upscale Italian joint – perfect for dinner with your parents.  The Chicken Parmesan is hands down amazing – just don’t lick the plate.
Traditional Italian fare, Nicola's has been a neighborhood favorite for years. The place is a little tired, but the food, especially the fish, is excellent.
Delicious chicken parm
Veal Emiliana is delicious!
Shhhhhhhh old people are eating
Simply one of my favorite Italian Restaurants in Manhattan
Get the pasta special. Never disappoints
Get the fudgey swirl brownies :)
Get the salad combination. Lamb swarma and shish were good also. Kosher.  No dairy but vegetarian friendly.
Not to be mean, but make sure you're getting what's listed on the menu (i.e. 12 cigar pieces & not 5) & that you're paying the listed price (i.e. $6 for 2 hotdogs & not $12). Otherwise, good food.
Kebabs are great here.
The deli products are reasonable pricing than any other supermarket can offer (except Associated). The owners are very nice and pleasant people.
Great Kielbasa, the pork tenderloin ham is incredible!
Don't get the calamari. So gross.
Vegetarians beware!!Even pasta (penne/ravioli)sauces have chicken stock, one cook told me, better off going somewhere else & less expensive!
Good food but we were told cash only after 11:00 am!! Wtf?!?!
Great steaks!!!!!!!!!'
My favorite restaurant in the city. Sangria by the pitcher and the freshest lobsters by the pound! Ask them to bring up a live 15-pounder for an Instagram op!
Lobster lobster lobster!!! These guys do it right
Try the steamed 2lb lobster!
Honestly, no matter what you order you will not be disappointed! So delicious
Their Sangria is the best I've had at an restaurant I've  been to & Lobster dinner is to die for!! :-)
I was a vegetarian for 4 years until i ate here. The lobster was irresistible.
For me the seafood isn't the best.
ALL of the lobster dishes here are fabulous!
Sangria is so good that after first pitch you can easily get lost on the way to the restroom. Love this place!
so many lobsters, so little time
Educational and fun! I learned about how wine is made, why certain flavors are more prominent and experienced each wine paired with the perfect cheese.
Awesome bar.  Good beer selection and very nice staff.  Decent food also. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Shot and a beer for 7 dollars. Pretty good deal.
Get a black and tan!
Meatloaf on Mondays!!  Ask for Leticia!
This is a duplicate venue!
Be sure and tip the bartender with the crazy voice well. He's an awesome guy. And the beers are cheap.
Go to Haakon's Hall. Enjoy the World Cup specials as well as happy hour.
The burgers are really good quality and not that expensive.
their fries go great with a cold beer
Gotta love their nachos
Bblunt raps
Cigs still under $10
Cuban sandwich and red wine sangria will make you happy.
Great food, music & atmosphere too bad the service sucks! The downstairs lounge area is really nice but the bouncer is a douche & the manager is not much better!
smoked Gouda chicken was pretty good. Wash it down w/ the white peach sangria
The wait staff is slow, but I've always been impressed with the food quality. Try the apple, bacon & cheddar sandwich!
Just another bouncer on a power trip... <-- I was wearing fleece shorts, and they didn't let me in to my friends' DJ set.
This was where we had our 2nd date. It was a lot seedier then and then let us both in despite the fact that we were both underage.
Love their food! Service isn't awesome, but definitely worth coming
There's a downstairs lounge? Missed that, but had dinner and drinks on the outdoor patio, and everything was good!
Love this place! Great staff & food consistently! Calamari = awesome
good guacamole and monday special
Got turned away at the lounge cause my clothing wasn't "trendy" enough. Not coming back.
Top food items: mini-burgers, sweet potato fries, the spicy shrimp!!
3 dollar beers during happy hour! Stone IPA, Dogfish Head, Weiheinstephen...3 DOLLARS
$5 sangria on Tuesdays 4p to 11p!
Go for happy hour and make sure you try the Nachos!!  Delish!!
Food was just ok, dessert was weak
A bit of a public restroom aroma, unfortunately.
I was less than impressed with service and quality of food. I went with a large group and drinks were watered down. Food took a long time to come. Nice space and seems popular, but I wouldn't go back.
flat screen showing ESPN in the center dining room area (no sound, but subtitles are on)
Avoid if possible. They have added extra stuff to my bill twice in a row.
The burger is delicious.
really really good calamari!
Go for lunch on a weekday. The price is decent and the food is good. Much better than the Flushing location.
Much better than the new Brunswick location. With more choices.
It's all good chicken spare ribs and galbi
Tomato soup in the oven.
I love the crab rangoons and veggie lo mein. Great place. Has national accolades
chicken curry and bokchoy for me
3 items. $5. Amazing.
This place sucks
Best latte's in the city.
Delicious!
everything here was amazing and they gave us free dessert!
Cash only! Best brunch deal in the East Village.
Tried the Beet radish salad, 3 cheese Polenta & chicken in butter thyme sauce with Polenta. And it's fabulous! Quaint ambience. Panna cotta with fig reduction was vague. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tried the Beet radish salad, 3 cheese Palenta & chicken in butter thyme sauce with Palenta. And it's fabulous! Quaint ambience. Panna cotta with fig reduction was vague. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Roasted beet salad the best I've ever had my whole life, ditto for the polenta w/3 cheese & buckwheat pasta with asparagus. Panacota: fluffy but fig reduction paired badly. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The food will change your life!! Everything on the menu is amazing!
Spaetzle, Brussel sprouts, and Fava beans.  Let them add the parmesan and you've got yourself a pasta dish that's like eating candy! Delish!
Whitney is the actual nicest server I have ever met (no exaggeration)
Freshly squeezed OJ = joke
Oxtail Ragu!
Love the polenta here!
You have to get the black linguine.  Delicious!!  My favorite in the city
Oxtail ragu is devine! The meat is so tender. Best tiramusu i've ever had..this coming from someone who doesn't like tiramusu!
Best brunch item is the eggs benedict.
Men: expect a faceoff in the bathroom.
Get the green eggs over polenta for brunch. You won't be disappointed. Their coffee could be better tho.
Well done comfort food. The lamb ragu was fantastic. Wines aren't bad. Make sure you have reservations on the weekend. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
One of the best kept secrets in New York. Brunch, coffee, mimosa for $13.50 and rarely a line. Order the green eggs and polenta.
oxtail ragu was delicious! short wait before food came out.
Beautiful restaurant for a quiet meal! Melt in your gnocchi is deeeeelicious!!!
Best brunch deal in town. Try the "green eggs."
Yummy and affordable prix fixe!  Delicious arugula salad and fish!
Great value brunch: coffee, mimosa and delicious eggs Benny for $13.95. Other stuff on menu looked nice too.
Fantastic Eggs Benedict with pancetta and tasty salad -
Delicious!
Get the green eggs. sooo tasty!
Delicious brunch, weird service, but cash only rule on brunch is obnoxious - double ATM fees these days ya herd?
Articoke Ravioli!
Try the sparkling red wine. Red,chilled, bubbly!
Ask for Armando, he cool at the bar!
Pork chop is horrible. I wanted it medium and it came out dry as sandpaper. It doesn't matter what you tell the waiter on temperature. The guy in the kitchen can't cook.
Don't order delivery unless you want attitude and pubic hair.
Washington Square Diner got a health rating of A with 10 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/883
Sometimes it's good to treat yourself to breakfast at a non-breakfast time of day. This place is open 24/6
Staff is super friendly and always recognizes you. Can get away with not having $15 for the card minumum
Minimum order for cards $15
I dream about their baked pastichio, awesome!
Big menu. Big servings. Low prices. I like chicken on a pita platter, but takes a while to cook.
The buffalo wings aren't really buffalo. Theyre just plain chicken wings. Disappointing.
Amazing disco fried for cheap
Best brunch my bf and I have had in a while. Challah French toast, bacon, whole wheat blueberry pancakes, coffee.
Beef Stew is home made, huge chunks of potato, carrot, and celery (and beef).  Big enough for two if you love veggies.
Gyro is solid
they are open 24/7
spinach pie is the shit
Its all good!!
Lomo Saltado = wow ! :)   no side needed...it's enough food. And def have the Sangria.
Some of the best Peruvian food in NYC. Pisco Sour, Cusqueña beer, ceviche and tiradito, lomo saltado, aji de gallina, all good.
the Lomo saltado is amazing here
Great spot for a dinner...homey food and delicious drinks with a Latin-American flavor.
Most of everything has the same ingredients.
As a peruvian I definitely recommend this restaurant. Order: Pisco sour, ceviche, tiraditos, lomo saltado, arroz con pato, jalea and anticuchos.
Our boss' favorite Peruvian restaurant before the cockroaches conquered the restaurant!! You can even see them through their kitchen window!!!! Look!!! | P.S.: Watch out in the restroom!!! |
I recommend the Mediterranean Cebiche - sooo yummy!
Chicken is delicious. One of the best chicken I tasted in nyc.
Very friend & attentive staff. Their roast chicken is to die for, juicy, succulent and their roast it as u order. Pair with cilanto rice if u r a cilanto lover, u won't regret it!
This restaurant has the best Peruvian food in Manhattan. The chef is Peruvian and his food, especially the cebiche tastes exactly like the one in Peru. Beware, the food is served in copious amounts.
Trilogía de causas. The best
Ceviche mixto is to die for. And pisco sours are great.
The anticucho is wonderful.  So tender and flavorful.  You almost don't need the sauce that accompanies it... but do try the sauce.
Aji de gallina super tasty!!
Ají de gallina!
Everything is sooo good! The tres leches cake is to die for!
Really good Peruvian ceviche and tapas bar
Polo saltado is not on the menu but if u ask they will make it for u
Amazing food. Out of this world.
Great sangria!
Awesome peruvian food...
Cebeche is great!  Service a bit off, though, but very nice.
Pisci sour is delicious!
Order aji de gallina. Delicious.
Any of there ceviche is spot on.  You can't go wrong .
Get the water: it's COLD!
Great food great drinks and great service esp from our server Eric! Xoxo Abbarocious
This is the only plac Greg will meet you guys, but he won't remember!
just chiliiin haha :p
i wanna douchebaaaaaaaagssss :(
Nice place....amazing,,,
I agree with Nash, the service was poor. I waited an hour for my meal and the hostess was very rude.
infuse own vodkas....oooh
Amazing
Amazing! Great food, amazing variety of shots and Vodka. Right next door to Grimaldi's! Stop by! Say hi to Chris! Such a doll!
C+ on the crab stuffed shrimp. Meh. Not worth the price.
Idk what your talking about- every time a friend drags me off to dumbo I always end up there- its definitly the best place around. Agree w/ doug- amazing infusions and great homemade guacamole A+
The Mojito's suck!!! They're made with dark rum and weird spices.
If you do come here, they have nice infused vodkas, like Russian Samovar.
You should not come here. That's my tip.
Love the music at this spot.
Love the ribs.  I dream about them.
Get the Dee's Nuts, St. Louis Ribs, Collared Green and Blowfish Ceviche. Everything is delicious!
Incredible cocktails and food.  Order Dee's nuts - you won't want them to end!
Brisket on Tuesdays.
Happy hour on Fridays and Saturdays. Try the ceviche, shrimp chips and ribs.  Elizabeth will let you know what's what
Complex cocktails and clever menu make for an adventurous dinner to share with friends. Get the white buffalo to drink and try the pigs ear. Delicious!
Cutesy place, great music!
Everything is amazing here. Get the pickles
Great new spot. Get the ribs. Do it. Cocktails are also top notch.
Pigs Ears lettuce wraps and brisket jerky...yum!! Watermelon gimlet (switched gin for vodka) with lavender, also amazing.
Fabulous cocktails and sensational food! Just go here!
Great, non-standard beers on tap (hitachino white) and amazing beef jerkey.
French-Creole. Spicy beef jerky juiced with fish sauce, North Fork cherrystone clams served with a kaffir-ham granita, the aforementioned pig ear wraps with hot sauce and pickled cabbage
the short ribs & watermelon cocktails are amazing!
Best pizza in the LES (if you're not in a rush). Most awesome staff ever (no exaggeration). And... first restaurant accepting Dash mobile payments!
In a neighborhood full of pizza this pizza is a standout.  Simply delicious
Secret Menu Item: Stella pizza - a "four point" pie stuffed with the freshest ingredients of the day
Amazing people work there. Great atmosphere and amazing food! Always make you feel welcome and you always leave full.
Grub Street off-menu dish: The Stella. "Nico Calzone — yes, that's his real last name — has this awesome four-point pie. The seasonal toppings change every day. Just ask for it next time you go."
Nico Calzone-yep, real last name-makes this awesome four-point pie called "The Stella". Seasonal toppings (or fillings in this case) change every day. Just ask.
Thin crunchy crust! Delicious! Delicious! MMMM
The Via Tribunali, pictured here.
Cold, fresh mozzarella + warm rosemary foccaccia
I hardly had a chance to take a sip of my wine and the pizza was out - crazy! Hot, delicious, made like the Pizza I had in Italy. The Margherita D.O.C. is a solid classic that won't disappoint.
Great pizza, and good happy hour specials - at the bar only!
The house wine is great!
Eat your vegetables: Order the namesake Via Tribunali pizza for a salad's worth of toppings, sheer tastiness and a crafty rectangular fold.
Try the Nutella's Calzone - Holy Awesomeness! (via @Foodspotting)
The actual pies take just 45 seconds to cook, assembled by master pizzaiolos Gennaro Nasti and Nico Calzone who, incidentally, make very fine pastas and salads.
Get the Vesuvio calzone. Amazing!
Nutella calzone is amazing, order the Stella (it's not on the menu), and the prosciutto fungi is delicious pizza too
Good burgers. Interesting seating. Be prepared to leave your handbag or belongings on the floor.. Tasty beer
Awesome chicken burger. Music too loud though.
Falafel burger's delicious! Super nice waitress too.
Amazing onion rings! Do you really need anything more?
The Iron Horse Burger is fantastic
Good beer and burgers. Add bacon (obvi) and get the loaded fries.
Gotta have patience as waiting times are 20-25 minutes.....for a small place
Over-rated.
Try the Black And Blue Burger - Best burger ever! Add garlic mayo. (via @Foodspotting)
Down to get down with the new chipotle burger
The Black and Blue Burger is amazing (I added bacon) but skip the Black Iron "house" beer: It's just PBR with a made-up label on the tap. Don't be fooled!
Good burgers but I don't get why you have to eat at an unbalanced table with your arms tied behind your back trying to tilt the sandwich into your mouth like you were playing Hungry Hungry Hippos.
Black and Bleu is a good azz burger!
The falaffel burguer makes it all worth it
They didn't have the falafel burger or any of the first 3 beers I ordered. Service was great, but food was terrible. Not going back.
BLACK & BLUE BURGER w/ fries and a beer hits the spot.
Yummy black & blue burger. Hint: get bacon!
If you sit on the bar, make sure your order gets put through - we waited an hour only to find out our burger order never made it to the cook!
Get the Black & Blue burger.  Really damn good.
Love a good vegetarian at a burger place
Southwest burger rules!
Patty melt was yum yum heaven. One of the best burgers ive had
Order a black and white shake. Delicious!
Greasy. Greasy. Greasy.
Hey. They accept cards now.
They finally take credit cards here! FTW!!
Try the double patty/horseradish/cheddar/onions meatstrosity called the Iron Horse -- but don't make a habit of it, or you'll never be able to shake your caboose.
Iron Horse: Double Burger w/ Horseradish Cheddar and Grilled Onions
You definitely want to avoid here if you plan to go out after; it's like a grease storm inside. But the burger...wow! Indulge yourself and get the horseradish cheddar-you deserve it, really.
Best burger in nyc that ive had so far. Friendly staff despite quick turnover
The new chicken sausage wrap is legit!
Nicest morning baristas in all of Manhattan. No contest.
The people that work here may be robots. They always seem to have a soul-less glaze in their eyes that motivates me to ask them how they are - their responses are always terrifyingly hollow. Sad.
My order was made wrong three times, and my father's wrong twice. How do you make a hot chocolate instead of a chai latte?
Way more cozy than your usual Starbucks
No dogs. Why couldn't they replace one of the 35 aundromats or that pizza/chicken place instead.
The baristas here are incredibly friendly and it feels genuine.  They also know my name, my drink, and taste is consistant.  A+!
Wifi has installed!!!
Small seating area but lots of outlets!
Does not have internet connection yet.
hjm hm m jm
$6 lunch special including : appetizer, soup and entree
My favorite coffee shop in Lower East Side, both for service and products. (A little bit slow tho.)
There's always something fun and snarky on the sign outside. Oh, all the baristas are super nice too.
Try the Coffee!
Great service and quality coffee.
House coffee is French press
the wifi password is: konditori182
Sunday Times + espresso on a sunny day = bliss
The house coffee is French press and it's realllll good. Don't bother with a latte!
Cute place
Delicious coffee, but make sure you have extra time as things move v. slowly here.
Good coffee & bagels + cheap prices. Definitely worth stopping by. Also free wifi.
Check out the Swedish fish at the Swedish coffee shop!
Try the iced coffee. It's brewed so it's not as bitter and it totally works!
Best Latte in NY
Such a unique little coffee and bagel shop in LES. Grab a bagel (Get the everything) with a coffee (Swedish roast and their cold brew are legit)
Great cup of coffee, and the house is French press. If only they didn't play the Goo Goo Dolls...
They make the best latte in the area. Almost as good as cafe grumpy in Chelsea and blue bottle in Williamsburg.
Nothing fancy, but good basic bagels at an affordable price.
Avoid paying with a credit card at all costs. Every time I go, there's some new additional fee they add on. Fucking ridiculous! Oh, and keep an eye on them when they make your food, they're skimpy!!
Bacon egg and cheese's have no bacon. Wtf
The counter staff aren't familiar with the work jelly nor jam, although they do sell it
If they don't have it, they'll make it.  Get a cloak and dagger: cold corned beef, muenster, coleslaw on a hero.
Dine-in and you don't have to pay tip. It says that in Chinese on the menu. Where else can you get 3.50 for a full soup and rice combo MEAL, any time from 9am until 4am?
Great sirloin.
Everything was amazing!!!! From the lobster bisque to the filet Oscar. You must ask for Samantha as your server she's incredible
Great all around meal - the bread basket is one of the best, the field greens salad is amazing, the filet is excellent, the sides are delicious
Great taste! Highly recommended.
The food quality is really good, but I'm incredibly spoiled and would much prefer Del Frisco's down the street.
There burgers are fantastic! It's not on the menu but they have it and it's probably the most inexpensive meal on there lol old their fries are great! Idk how they make them but yummy.
It's Capital Grille! Can't go wrong with it even in NYC. Good food, good wine, good service.
Bring a spare change of clothes, because you will want to dive face first into the lobster mac n cheese.
Go to the bar and find Gabe. Trust me.
The BEST place to celebrate an anniversary or special occasion. The staff treats you like royalty, also their steak is HUGE!!
Try the Delmonico Steak (via @Foodspotting)
Gabe is the best bartender on the planet. We followed him from Carmines and he's now like family.
Have is the best bartender on the planet. We followed him from Carmines and he's now like family. Foods an afterthought.
“Great food and ambiance. Great presentation, excellent service. For the value, I would highly recommend this restaurant. “ – TripAdvisor user on Jan 3, 2012. Read more reviews at
Go with the Delmonico steak.
I calamari fritti piccanti sono veramente di un piccante pazzesco !
Dani is such a pleasant hostess. She will make your dining experience worth the wait!
Calamari with peppers and riesling is a perfect pairing.
Enjoy The Capital Grille’s dry aged steaks, award-winning wine list and professional service in an atmosphere of relaxed elegance – right around the corner from Radio City.
Always great - Melissa takes great care of her guests!
Sit at the bar during lunch and split their burger with a friend. It's more than enough food and it comes with truffle fries, plus you don't need a reservation for the bar area.
Very good and with gigantic dishes!
Much better during leftovers.
Gaaaaaaaabe!!
I recommend the cheesecake for dessert. Absolutely delicious. Also recommend celebrating ones birthday here, they treat you like royalty!
Wagyu beef was not good, but the calamari is one of the best appetizer
P.S.: The tall, blonde hostess Leanne is a hottie.
Shrimp cocktail is out of this world as well as the filet mignon. For desert go for the cg strawberries and coconut cream pie!!
Spectacular dry-aged porterhouse. The extra $4 is worth it!!!
The porterhouse and the cheesecake are fantastic!   Awesome service too!!!
Кофе - блевотина!
Berry tart cheesecake: AMAZING
Try the Chicken Fajitas!
The pizzas are delicious!!
Unless you like a lot of Italian dressing on your salad remember to tell the staff to take it easy on the olive oil.
Great location! Great view if the big screen over the GMA Studio! Good food, at a decent price. Fast, friendly service. Super clean!
Opens at 6am! Great for jet lag ppl. Great ny b'fast!
They have very lazy people who closed breakfast menu before 11AM. Really rude it sucks.
pizza has too many dried herbs.
Good hot chocolate for a cold New York day
Good food for a good price - very reasonable, especially for times square!
Pastries kinda suck. Sandwiches kinda don't.
Their onion bagels are really good!
Don't bother asking for avocado on your salad, they never have it.
Sample the soups b4 u choose! The Cream of mushroom is slamming !!!
Hot Chocolate helps on a blustery NYC afternoon.
I enjoyed the lemonade. its a little on the sugared side, and the pastrami was good.
The salad bar gang is super friendly. They've even been (hopelessly) trying to teach me Spanish.
Yogurt parfaits are good. Clean!
Franchise disguised as a local shop.  They're all the same.  Only a good place to eat if the weather is bad.  Pricey and rather greasy.
I love this place but the nighttime dude in the green suit is a useless
i luv their salads!!, turkey cobb salad is the best!
Super friendly guys inside the cart. Get an egg and cheese on a roll!
From "Rejected" #MadMen Season 4 @PeteCampbell_NY @RogerSterlingNY @SmokinDonDraper @RogerWilloughby @hautePussyCat
#MadMen #Restaurants #NYC #CatPack #02
Nice atmosphere, lots of tables and you can sit at them without being hassled even if you are just drinking which is nice.  Good spot for Happy Hour
Turkey chili is great
Salad bar closes at 7 even though place closes at 8 :(
Don't go here. Poor quality food and inattentive staff.
Eggwhite omlettes w 3 items. Eg.turkey,  broccoli and mushrooms. Add cheese if you want b
Great place to charge your phone and laptop when a hurricane wipes out your electricity.
Not on delivery.com, not on seamless. No matter, I've had this place listed in my phone book as simply 'Pizza' for years. It's not on the menu, but the pesto, tomato, garlic and fresh mozzarella rocks
grab a pizza for a quick lunch. yummy!
You’ll find huge pizza slices that are ooey gooey, salty and saucy, and are served into the wee hours of the night.  Customer service is definitely lacking, but what did you expect?
The second best pizza in the city. Definitely the best in the UES. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The staff is legally required to sing "Night Moves" by Bob Seger upon request. If they don't, contact the police.
Best garlic knots in NYC, no doubt. Also best chicken roll I've had in NYC. Pizza is damn good too. If you're looking for good wings, this is not the place. Overall it's one of the best pizza joints.
A scene in the movie "Did You Hear About the Morgans?" was filmed here.  Great spot for a slice or two!
Just go here.
Best pinwheel ever!
They recently renovated.
Best pizza on the UES!
The buffalo chicken pizza is awesome
Buffalo chicken is awesome
How could I forget the GARLIC KNOTS!!!! (I usually hate bread) Yum!!!!
1 of the best slices left in Manhattan but the soup is awesome!
Buffalo chicken slice IN DA HOUSE!!!
buffalo chicken pizza. heaven on a slice
Gotta get the grilled chicken hero with lettuce, tomato and American cheese! Yummy.
Get the Margherita!! Its so good!
The spinach white rules. The pesto slice is fantastic, too. It's hard to choose between them!
If you only get 1 slice, make it the Grandma.
A slice with 1 topping is $3.  Two pinwheels & cup of sauce is $2.50-$3. Go pinwheeling!
The Buffalo Chicken pizza will change your life!
great late night pizza on the upper east side!
A milkshake is more than enough for two persons. Milkey Way and Oreo shakes are really delicious!
Serious! 18 dollars 4 a burger an fries ! Ridiculous ! That's what I get 4 not looking at prices
Good bacon!
Ask for rare and u will get rare.  Amazing hamburgers cooked as round softball size.  So flavorful .:)
Beefburger without nothing else...orobably the best hamburgers of the world
where you get way more meat than bun in a good way.  the outdoor area is great in the spring and fall and the service has always been great.  Cheddar burgar and vanilla shake is the way to go too!
Order off brunch menu and ask for a tall glass of fresh squeezed orange juice instead of the mixed drinks
NOT recommended. Got a steak and eggs, the steak was overcooked and the eggs were flavorless. Mimosa tasted like cough medicine, service was crap
Best burger I've had in a while!! As well as the fries sooo good.. Have to try something else but their burgers are delicious!
If u get a milk shake get a frosted milk shake. Love the extra ice cream.
Hamburguers lov it
I work in a 3 star restaurant but I was blown away by Jackson Hole on the upper west side. Huge portions and fantastic service. This is a great choice if you're visiting the museum.
Go to this spot on the weekends less crowded
So i didnt finish my burger til a day later...YUMMY and def a treat.IDK when ill finally finish digesting the burger...hahaha
Huge patty on the burger gave me a huge diarrhea.   Be prepared for meatstomach afterwards!
Best Burger in town.
Horrible! The beef barley tastes funny, the beef taste like it was processed horribly. The management is so used to having good ratings for years, they treat the slipups they have like crap.
Try the Cheddar Burger with French Fries and Vanilla Shake. Dip your fries in your shake and eat.  The best!  :)
Try the peanut butter milkshake!
Get the burgers here! Be prepared for an intense amount of meat. Totally overpowers the bun. I'd be shell-shocked if you could eat more than 1.
Best Chinese restaurant in NYC! If you are looking for authentic Chinese food. Here is the place! 绝对正宗的成都菜。。 尼玛吃到伤心凉粉和回锅肉的时候直接泪奔了。。
Select from the favorepa menu and save!!!
Try the French Toast - Very guiltily fruity (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bread Basket (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pineapple Smoothie (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Breakfast Roll (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spinach And Cheese Omelette (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cafe Latte (via @Foodspotting)
Try the French Toast and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Brunch Special Omelette and spot it on Foodspotting!
Great brunch deal! 11am to 3pm.
Their B city inspection isn't posted.
The Digg Inn of the UES
Excelentes saladas. A Thai Peanut é ótima e picante. Se ñ estiverem com muita fome, dá pra dois.
WiFi is accessible when dining in for the iPadsters and foreigners coming from The Met.
Try the tofu stir fry-really good with the roasted sweet potato!
Try the salmon dijon - really tasty with the sweet potatoes.
Asian looking girl got an attitude, best she not be working in any service industry
This may be my new office.... After 5p it's the most serene place and great old school tunes.
I pay with my phone...b*tch!
Best dog watching in Harlem.
Much better than the Starbucks on 125th & Lenox. They need to close that one down.
PHOTO: A brand new rescue truck down the block at 118 and St. Nicholas showers kids with kindness during a scorching summer day in 1967, at the link!
The morning guy is wonderful. Remembers your face & your order ;)
Bathrooms working again
I dont know why everyone is hating on this Starbucks! Its really chill & yah, it can get crowded but what NY Starbucks doesnt?? A+!
Buy my album The Death of Adam. The reviews were AWESOME! (Please refer to Google if you don't believe me.) 
There are never open seats here. Never.
Great location air conditioning on so your comfortable I hate in the winter when stores crank up the heat. Staff is great
Who the Hell changed the name of this place from "Starbucks" to "Starbucks Coffee - FDB @ 118"? Now THAT is dumb. That is REALLY dumb! © Antoine Dodson voice 
IN AND OUT...
I don't buy coffee here, I swear. I'm just going here for the restroom.
This is the place to get chilled.. Literally! They make sure you don't hang around!
La Colombe coffee and a cream cheese filled coffee are perfect for a winter night. Great little place
They have la colombe coffee! Cute little place to have a cup of coffee!
Nutella hot chocolate. Ridiculously good. It's like drinking liquid Nutella
I looking forward to coming here next spring, which I could buy them online and have some sent to me.
Try our traditional hot cocoa - perfect for dipping the churros in!
Lamb Shawarma and Falafal is very good! But the hummus is the best I've had in a while : )
Grape leaves are amazing! They give you a small basket of pita too!
Best combo platters on the lower UWS. Ask them to sub Falafel for chicken and they'll happily oblige.
Terrific Kafta Kababs!
Dog friendly shop.
Can use credit card for purchases over $10!
great flower selection!
Best and friendliest deli in west Chelsea.
Nice place to pick up snacks and beverages in the area. Good selection.
When you go make sure they have hamburger meat
Burgers do not include fries.
Please note: fried onions are actually grilled onions here.
Cheap prices for the city. Went there after going to the top of the rock. Old school feel to it and the food was very good.
Wednesday, Lunch taken care of.
.. cubAno is pretty good..
Try the 순대국밥 - True authentic Korean food although it's an acquired taste. Claimed to be comparable (web better) than Korea. Definitely check it out  (via @Foodspotting)
Damn! It closed last winter. We really lost an awesome, if dingy, BBQ spot.
Beware of the rude witch who holds back on the napkins.
This place rocks!
Still have whole wheat donuts just like Dunkin used to have,
Boston Sandwiches are great.
chicken salad is good! prices are ok .. coffee always fresh ... clean front and back .. donuts eh.
They never get the coffee rite!!
Decent breakfast. They even serve a passable espresso.
Chicken salad and cheese burger are not.its pretty clean in here
It's not Dunkin Donuts, but it sure looks like one inside. Maybe it's Dunkin's neglected twin? Anyway my bagel was prettygood but I can't speak for the Bahston Subs.
Indoor seating where you can eat fried or steamed fish while waiting for your fresh fish to be cleaned! Brilliant! Amazing seafood soup too!
Bad slicea
1.25 slices
Be careful they like to give you molded bread lol
Philly Cheese steak was ridicuously good.
Ask for the owner, Nelson, and tell him Lawrence sent you. 10% off for NYCC members. Also, they have a good cappuccino machine.
Get the chai, indian chai, just like amma made.
Get the chicken sandwich: tastes great, not to big or too small, add a side to make it a lunch.
For 4 bucks I got a samosa, side of curry chicken, and a mango juice. Win!
Hidden treasure ... though increasingly well known to locals & Taxi drivers alike.  Excellent ground chicken curry among other dishes.
Get the chai tea and the rusk biscuit to go along with it.
Feeling irresponsible? Get a flaky pie with curried chicken for $3.
This hole in the wall has some of the best and cheapest curries in town. Try the chopped chicken or yellow lentils. Add a samosa if you're still hungry!
This place has been serving Indian food 24 hours a day since 1995!
get an iPhone charger on the side in addition to your chana masala.
Chicken sandwich is $4, served on a big, flat hamburger bun with shredded lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo, and is awesome. Get a $1 veggie samosa while you're at it.
According to cabbies, this is the best chai tea spot in the city.
Stop by late at night and refuel with the cabbies
Chicken sandwich is good but served on a hamburger bun -- ask for pita if they have it. Samosas look great
Chicken sandwich is $4 and tasty. Get a samosa too if you're hungry. Add chickpeas ("chole") to the samosa if you're really hungry.
Great hole in the wall place for cheap Indian cuisine.  Biryani chicken over rice with choice of veggie for only $6.00
The Indian chai here is amazing!
Lentils and rice with fish kababs = heaven.
5 dollars for 2 samosas and chickpeas!
The chai is really good and the samosa w/chickpeas is a great deal - get full on $3, or 2 samosas if youre real hungry. Good veg options. I don't do rice & veg because they usually give too much rice.
One of my favorite cups of chai in the city. Cardamom floaters. Also don't forget o toss some mango pickle on your food
Go to Lahore Deli and get yourself delicious $1 vegetable samosas. Can you say WIN?
Also, mint ayran. Yum.
The chickpeas are usually fresh on Sundays.
get yogurt sauce with your samosa
check out this hole in the wall
Love this spot
Hot staff! Always sweet.
Get a Bahama Mama, bang bang shrimp and kick back with some wifi. Best place in Charlotte Amalie!
Ask for Scott too
Ask for Joshua behind the bar!!!
Free wifi!!
Greek salad with Mahi: excellent.
Bad service
Definitely try the Bang Bang shrimp!
If you like it spicy, go for the Ichiraku Champon Ramen
Wasn't good. Fast, but the pork slices were dry and the broth was not hot enough.
Miso Ramen replaces the egg with another slice of succulent pork. Not to be missed.
Try the miso ramen!
Eh.
Huevos a la Benedictina:Cojonudos!! No es barato (vamos,precios NY) pero muy bueno para ir antes de ir al Highline.
Must try for a Prosecco push-up!
Be prepared for a really bad service.
Risotto "Veuve Clicquot" is great!
Totally desorganized!
Serving were smaller then expected for the price.  The food was decent. When it gets busy, the bar staff can get stretched thin.
Best bartendar, ask for gladys from the bronx
This place can get very crowed :(
Pork buns and milk tea boba
Village Voice is excited to have Fay Da Bakery at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Most things are only a dollar!
The sweet potato bun is hearty and not too sweet...great for breakfast
Get a tasty kaya tart (egg custard!) for breakfast. $1
Chicken puffs are amazing! So is the iced milk tea
Thank you coming to our locations and checking in, we will have specials soon, we are also on Facebook now be sure to like us!Congratulations Danny M. for being Mayor!
Best Bubble Tea!! I like the milk tea with no sugar.
Love the lobster Guac !
Order the lobster & guacamole appetizer...yes that's a real thing.
Must haves - dirty potato app, loaded gnocchi, and anything fr the draft beer selection. Lobster guacamole - meh, esp for $16
The lobster guacamole is amazing and is not to be missed!
Mac and cheese, burger and carrot cake....OMG all a must-have!!!
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
A gem in a monumental landmark. The food is good, especially the fish tacos, & please do not leave before indulging on the Pecan Bacon Pie; it was like the 4th of July in my mouth.
Like burgers? The CB Burger is amazing. Comes slices of ham, a fried egg (yes, a fried egg) sprinkled with chorizo. Oh, they spike the ketchup with whiskey.
Lobster guacamole. What are you waiting for!?
Have brunch here and sit in the lovely garden. French toast was delicious!
This is a highly popular interacial eating spot!
Just shot here! TV's Food Fetish at CrossBar- great place! Got to try the lobster guac! Heretv.com!
Todd English’s CrossBar’s a Blessing to Limelight-Restaurant Review http://exm.nr/lNlAiG
Try the Mumm Brut Rose with the Lobster Guacamole
Everything was great! The corn was a total surprise!
What a space! Super friendly service, fantastic menu. Go!
ay your prayers in advance and you can get down on a whole suckling pig; otherwise, there's no shame in washing back some puffed pig's ears with a cask beer or scotch-laced root beer float.
Located in the old "Limelight". Not only was it a great dining experience, it brought back old memories of the club in it's heyday, just by being there. Love the interior, they kept it dark and moody.
Great place for a private party upstairs
The bartender Tara is great!
Ask for the Roast Suckling Pig with a bottle of ChâteauBrande-Bergere
You've got to try the Bacon Jam and the Ice Cream Sandwich! So tasty!
Oink oink.
Around here, folks are raving about the seasonal Apple Whoopie: two soft cookies baked with cinnamon and nutmeg and filled with Granny Smith-studded frosting.
Red Velvet Vanilla Whoopies are the best sellers, but I'm a fan of the Lemon and Vanilla Chocolate Whoopies!
Booked this as my last night in New York 5 weeks before the day. Been given a really shit table in the corner   Not impressed really.
Ask your server if she's veg. If she is, ask for someone else.
Strong drinks. #FFactorApproved
Disappointed at Times Square. I expected to pay top dollar, but quality was not equal to $. The steak was not cooked to order and the asparagus had too much balsamic.
If you are watching what eat. Just two bites and take it all home- yum leftovers.
Отличный филе-миньен!
Sawan the GM & all of his staff are AWESOME. I live in Burbank, CA. & always feel like home in MANHATTAN MORTONS, thanks ya'll & enjoy the 'new menu'....
Love the NY style cheesecake !!!!
Our waitress Kate was fantastic!!  She even sent a thank you card to our house several days later.
Go for the Chicago Rib-Eye! Enough to share and delicious!
Best steaks in NY Scene! Who is taking me to dinner next? :)
Voor de steakliefhebbers.
It's possible to do a Morton's dinner for under 600 calories! Small petit fillet, asparagus, raw oysters.
Show up early from 4-6 and every drink in the house is $6. By New York standards that’s cheaper than the drinks at the scummiest dive bar in the city.
Enter on 45th st.
best damn bartenders
Go to the bar, order some steaks, a bottle of wine and enjoy the games on the tv.
Go for the Warm Steak Salad for lunch.  You'll be glad you did.
Porterhouse is the best!
Onion bread is awesome!
$6 happy 4-6 & 9 til close
Looking for good steaks? Come here and watch them cut your steak right in front of you. Get the cote de beouf. -Ed Cotton, Top Chef
Matt B. from Executive Office: get the lamb Gyro, extra sauce.
Great breakfast deals and always friendly!
Spicy noodle is amazing. I hate calling cuz no one speaks English and I have to repeat my order 15 times and ten it's still wrong when I pick up. But food is so good I have to go back
Pad Thai and green curry re delicious. Lemongrass chicken, not so much.
So loud  >:O
Silly name but the pumpkin curry is solid
Try the Sriracha Fried Rice.  I had it with beef and it was phenomenal.
good curries and byob. megaball is so good, both steamed and fried. papaya salad is delicious too.
Great food, really slow service.  Took nearly 35 minutes for them to take our order.
A neighborhood favorite. Good Thai. Great service. And BYOB!
Chicken Pad Thai is best in the city -- not to be missed!
No corkage fee, BYOB
Them's some hot dogs!!!
Finest hot dogs ever!!!
Prices aren't too bad and it's convenient.
Try the Mock Duck Pad Thai--and don't forget to grab one of the little containers of chili paste to dress it up!
Delicious illy espresso coffee.
Try the Eggs Benedict - About a zillion calories but good  (via @Foodspotting)
Hard to beat this über convenient, comfortable place in the heart of Times Square for a pre-theater bite to eat.
Adore their mango sorbet.
A fantastic Steak au Poivre
Their lobster potstickers make me drool.
What can be said that has not already been said about perfection of this Excalibur? A most enchanting food experience awaits the truly gifted food connoisseur.
I'm blown away by just how elegant the venue is, well worth a visit
Oysters and pearls. Just, wow.
As Director of Operations Anthony Rudolf oversees activities here and at the two NYC Bouchon Bakery locations. Many of our alumni aspire to front-of-house and management positions:
Simply AMAZING, the best of the best... RECOMMENDED DISHES Oysters and Pearls, gateau of foie gras, butter-poached lobster ... ;)
Incredible Meal - Love Tasting Menus!
Try the Coffee and Doughnuts - Loved the coffee and donuts dessert  (via @Foodspotting)
food was intermittently brilliant, mostly excellent but sometimes underwhelming - service similarly uneven (sommelier offered to write down wine, never returned) - a disney version of french laundry
Chef: Thomas Keller
Try the Fluke  (via @Foodspotting)
test123456789-_-
bla..bla...blaa...blaa...blaa
Michelin 2012 ★★★
Maitre d was obnoxious - their benches in the public area of the mall are only for paying customers
Get a tour of the kitchen!
The daily rotating tasting menu offers nine courses, including  “oysters and pearls,” a dish of oysters, tapioca, and caviar, foie gras with white peaches, and duck with sweet plums.
Kitchen at Per Se!
Prices are steep, but for a truly indulgent seafood dining experience, Best Catch: 9-course Chef's Tasting Menu ($295) Thomas Keller, not much else needs to be said.
Try the Oysters and Pearls!
Eater NY recommends the 5-course tasting menu
Get the desserts, by pastry chef Elwyn Boyles, and savor every second of these delectable concoctions. The five-course tasting menu created by Boyles himself should be your prime consideration.
Whatever you eat at Per Se is worth whatever you have to pay. Try Chef Keller's legendary butter-poached lobster, and you'll be experiencing the best of New York.
Ask for a copy of the menu on the way out
Can't add anything new to all the other comments.  Just want to say they made our evening and my mom's 80th birthday wonderful.
It is hard to imagine a better meal
The most amazing meal I've ever had! Oysters and Pearls are delicious along with the salmon tartare cone!
Seafood plateaus racked up nice with king crab. 40oz porterhouse steaks with some age. Sandwiches au jus, always.
Be surprised each single day ! The three Michelin stars Chef has never cooked the same dishes since the opening of the restaurant, 8 years ago ! A MUST in creative cuisine...
Plan on getting a second mortgage...
Spontaneously go to Per Se without a reservation & sit in the bar room.  The food is just as superb as is the view! http://MichelleC.tv
One could never imagine a more impolite staff.
You can use the groupon here!!!!! Only $4 bucks
Cheap bacon egg and cheese.
Cheap and cheerful - quick service and friendly!
Friendly staff AND you can get breakfast late!
Coffee advertised with breakfast is $1.00, receipt says $1.19. Not enough to complain, but a lot of money if it happens all the time.  Clever store.....
only by the specials they are reasonable priced ale carte is expansive fast
Free lemonade with a salad
When I'm here I usually get the Cheeseburger Deluxe. $6.99. Very good!
Get their Cheeseburger deluxe combo. Comes with a soda and is pretty good.
You better be ready to order and pay quickly. They don't mess around
Very friendly staff
Free lemonade if you buy a salad!
Their ramen is consistent and there's never too long of a wait! I prefer it to the overrated neighboring Totto Ramen which always disappoints.
they have seasame grinders!
Was ok. Got the spicy tan-tan it is pretty filling. I like their dumplings and the NOODLES!
Small place and good food. I really loved the rice.
Remember kids, cash only.
疲れた体には豚骨ラーメン！
Tan tan ramen!
Miso ramen is way too salty
Wow, really spicy and delish dish, tan tan ramen.
It's not the greatest ramen place, it's also not the worst.  I come here often as it's close to home and there's generally no wait - unlike ToTo Ramen.  Skip the apps - go straight for the Miso Ramen.
Their lunch sets are only availabe on weekdays.
I really don't think this is legitimate ramen...also the pork in the miso one was gross.
Order the terakawa ramen instead of the miso one. Miso is good but too salty.
This place's simple "hole in the wall" ambience actually has its appeal. Terakawa dense broth def tastes different from that at ToTo, setagaya or other ramen places in the city, and is worth trying.
Hummm it's the same staff as Terayaki Boy...
I've had ramen all over NYC and this was quite possibly the worst ramen experience of my life. RIP Teriyaki Boy.
$9 lunch special w/ $2 side is great.
Crisp Apple Cider is only $5!!!  Perfect holiday brew!
Avoid the food, stick with just the beers
4 taps of Goose Island brews - Sophie, Harvest Ale, Bourbon Stout, and, of course, 312. Not sure how long they'll last.
Stuck in Columbus Circle due to the President's visit? Grab a pint or glass of wine downstairs in On Tap!
New menu is out - flatbreads are awesome!
Great beer and wine selection for very reasonable prices. The photos don't indicate the perpetual onslaught of kids running around and baby carriages.
The salume sandwich is very good with beer.
The bar in the corner has Happy Hour mon thru Thursday  4-7!
Grab a beer and enjoy the honeys in the checkout line.
Try a BODYARMOR Super Drink. Hydrate and Protect!!
Makes shopping a pleasure.
Well this place is awesome and the pulled pork and some kelso beer is the best
You might think that you can only get beer by the pint, or more, but you can create your own flight of four beers from the taps, taster size, for $12.
There's table service but you need to order at the bar.
Very un-knowledgable person helped me. Not aware of Firestone Walker despite a huge FW neon sign on the outside. Bottles are 10ft back from the bar so you have to squint to see.
Mother's Milk! Get the Beer Flight!
A beer bar in a supermarket? Yup. This spot celebrates local beer for pints and growler fills, plus another 99 bottles of beer on the wall. Be warned: growlers are pricier than other NYC Whole Foods.
Get the fresh ricotta plate!
Great selection, friendly staff, reasonable prices and a great environment. This is one of the places you NEED to check out!
Ommegang Witte!
This place is incredible. Great service and reasonably priced great beer. Get a "the companion" at your own risk (10% alcohol).
Vegetarian chili is must! Try the pumpkin ale as well! Love this place do glad it opened.
What the?? This is by far the best feature of Whole Foods anywhere!! I hope this gets into other WF locations!
Hand dipped ricotta with extra bread...do it!
Growler pours are more $ than other WFs. Six Point Sweet Action for $21!?
Grand Opening Thurs Nov 3 @ 11 am. Free beer and food samples til 8 plus book signing with Brooklyn Brewery's Garrett Oliver 5-7pm.
There are lots of Starbucks. Go somewhere else unless you'd like a subpar coffee made with extra attitude.
Tiny, and very few seats, but the staff are charming.
This is an excellent Starbucks with an impressive store manager who knows customers by name!
Recently renovated.  Small.  Good baristas.
Only two outlets, get 'em before they're gone
This place is tiny, yet cozy....
Best Starbucks in the city-quick and never a mistake!!!!
It's freezing in here! Bring a sweater if you plan to stay for a while
It's freezing in he
Stay outside and connect you to wifi.
Notice there really are different lines for salad and for soup.
there's an outlet by the window if you want to stay and work, but no wifi. oh, the mexican tortilla is scrumptious.
The Senegalese Chicken with Peanuts is awesome!
Try the Spinach Salad With Cajun Grilled Chicken And Goat Cheese - Lunch nom nom nom. (via @Foodspotting)
Coconut shrimp soup is heaven.
i love coming here for soup when i'm feeling like crap and it cheers me up and the soups are delicious~!
Their hot and tasty soups will prevent any man from having his balls frozen to his thighs on cold winter days.
Chicken and Corn Bisque ... Two thumbs up
Great lunch combo of soup&half a sandwich on the cheap. Got the Portugese kale soup & chicken avocado sandwich. Delicious!!
Creamy chicken with rice is delicious and so is macarooni wit beef
And I thought I was the only person who loved soup when it's 95 degrees outside?
If they have it, get the Macaroni & Cheese with Beef soup -- it's heaven in a cup.
A very reliable, old school diner. Come in any time for a nice omelette, coffee, juice, and toast, and savor the fact that it only cost you $7. Cash only (I think?)
Amazing price and feel at home vibe cash only :) I have been coming here for years I won't go any where else !!!!!
Great breakfast, never had to ask fir coffee
Good food. Great prices. Cash Only.
This is my favorite diner. They make you feel at home and your coffee cup is ALWAYS full! I suggest you sit at the counter and chat with Tony. French fries are delicious and breakfast is great.
Inexpensive diner breakfast with old time UWS atmosphere. Arrive before 9 am on weekends for good table.
The best flavor is Tart 'n Tasty. Not too sweet, not too sour, just right! The other frozen yogurt chains don't have it. So go ahead and take the advantage! Say hello to Martin (owner) from Milana May
I dropped a Collectivus Vanilla with Sprinkles Ice Cream Cone Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Compared to other Tasti-D's, they serve really small portions
Great smoothies! Try the strawberry pineapple
The tomato bisque soup is delicious and the parfaits are very good.
Ask special menu 'pineapple fried rice!' It is really awesome! And flat spice noodle! :)
Lunch menu until 3:30pm!
The skirt steak is delicious as well as the fried tofu. Nice atmosphere and great food!
Don't be a wimp, get the spicy stuff or ask for the spice rack.
A must fit Columbia students lunch. Lunch menu for 8 dollars
Most wonderfully seasoned skirt steak I've ever had! Marinated in chili garlic puree and served with green tea sticky rice + perfectly sauteed vegetables. A must try!
Love the soft shell crab and Thai iced tea! Service is great, and the waitress was cute haha.
pad kee mao or beef basil. other things are kinda meh for lunch.
Good but always too crowded and cramped. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Sit at the bar....it's soooo good!!
Wonderful Thai iced tea!
Get the ginger ice cream
They make a STRONG kettle & club
Try the fried ice cream with raspberry source for desert.
Skirt steak is die 4
Skirt steak a must!
Try the Pad Alex Frecon
I love spicy food...a lot. So I ordered the "mild" lunch special, and it was far too spicy to enjoy.:-/
Skirt Steak- yum!
My favorite restaurant in NYC: fav dish is basil minced pork, the trout fish & Thai iced tea :)
Try the Tilapia Rad Preeg and spot it on Foodspotting!
Go to Thai Market. Order the Kow Pad Sapporard and a Thai Iced Tea. You'll die from the flavor.
Good value for lunch (weekdays and weekends)
The Pad Se-ew is AMAZING here! Try it with some peanut sauce on top. So good!
Try the Kow Soy with chicken
The skirt skeak is out of this world!!
Thai Iced Tea is a must!
I can vouch for the pad thai, green curry and panaeng. Thai Market could easily be mistaken for a restaurant in Pai.
Power outlets under the bar - every third seat!
Avoid, avoid, avoid. Overpriced everything and mediocre food.
Restaurant is attached to the hotel. Have had breakfast and lunch here. Food is good but be prepared to sit for a long time because their service is incredibly slow.
The seats at the bar are the best spot to sit, great atmosphere
Get the Blue Burger! Amaze!
across the street from Bryant Park
Great sushi and great prices. My favorite spot to catch up with girlfriends. The Pizza Roll is a must have! –Nicole
Pace is solid. Checkout the scoutmob app for 50% off. (BEWARE: when u use scoutmob they throw an automatic 18%  tip even with 1 person) Also have happy hour with buy one get ones
Scoutmob discount!
Pizza roll is great, week special scorpion roll was also a winner!
sit in the back, better ambience
The pizza roll is unreal! I ordered it without the eel. So delish! It looks like a sandwich! Highly recommend it :)
Starving. This place is owned by the wife's brother in law. Good food here.
The best rainbow roll in the city. Hands down.
Best sushi in Murray Hill - we once catered from them for a Japanese-themed event!
Order what is on the menu as 'mescaline salad' and then act surprised when they bring you mesclun instead.
DO NOT GO HERE!! Worst service ever. I waited for an hour only to be told that it would be another 15 minutes. Never got my food.
Try the tiger rolls...they are delicious. :)
Joseph is a great bartender.  Very funny and personable
Best sushi- great prices lunch- took it home to LI- for dinner
Love love love the spicy mango shrimp and new York rolls! Great Monday special
For NYC, price is fantastic (for lunch especially), and quality is great.
snow crab naruto rolls are the shit!
This is my favorite sushi bar in NYC. I'm a big fan. Order the salmon tartaki and the pizza roll (I get mine with brown rice). Check it out and tell Jennifer that Bobbi sent you. :)
The magic crab cookies are magically delicious!
get the pizza roll but be careful it's a club sandwich of sushi.
Order the lychee sake-tini, thank me later
You have to he the spicy meatballs appetizer. They're great!!!  Oh and really good guacamole,  you just need to add a little more salt.  :). Enjoy!!!
Amazing tacos, definitely have to try them out.
chorizo tacos!!
Serving food from the Chiapas region of Mexico. Taste: Chicken mole and cochinito chiapaneco (guajillo-marinated baby pork ribs). The white-painted spot features a garden and works from Queens artists
Great food!! The enchiladas were delicious and it is BYOB!
Had a so-so experience. Skinny Cantina is better!
Tip from a Mexican, the cuisine here is fantastic! Love the taqueria selection here, you can't go wrong.
Try the Chicken Avocado Enchilada (via @Foodspotting)
BYOB...for now!
Food is really authentic, delicious. Decor is... sparse...
Try the Camarones Agua Chile - Amazing Mex (via @Foodspotting)
This is not sloppy burrito Mexican. This is family recipes, lovingly made by a native chef trained in French cooking.  Balanced flavors, complex mole, love the sopes. Very close to 7 Train too.
Great guacamole, fresh tortillas, delicious tacos. Try the pork ribs, they will knock your socks off!
Try the pozole, ask for the spicy guacamole.
The tres leches is absolutely delicious. Worth every calorie.
Try the Chamorro De Borrego - Long island city, Mexican, lamb, Britt Nieto, food  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Interior Mexican Cuisine (via @Foodspotting)
Must try the guacamole, the chicken enchiladas, tacos al pastor, cochinito chiapaneco, ceviche, tostadas de jaiba, agua de jamaica... Ufff everything is amazing!
dining situation influenced by the cuisine of San Luis Potosi: sopes with chorizo, fried oysters with chili mayo, chile relleno, traditional mole and roasted pork ribs marinated in guajillo chilies.
Awesome breakfast sandwiches with free coffee!!!
Nice salad bar in the back. Friendly workers
5 and 10 pound bags of ice... Clutch.
Great coffee but a small iced is over priced at $2.25. They offer limited Boar's Head deli meats and cheeses- no pepperjack?!?
Steamed veggie dumplings are to die for!
Great ambiance! Good food. Slow service though. Great live jazz band on Saturday but music can get kind of loud.
You're at one of Harlem's most popular restaurants located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate visit www.elliman.com/brianphillips
September is National Chicken and Biscuit Month: Scoring the Southern Specialty http://exm.nr/ojsqkd
Food drinks and service is on point
Jeff Redd Performing @ Harlem 4 Japan Benefit.
Happy hour tues-fri 5-8
...a jewel of a restaurant that you will be sure to tell your friends about for years to come.
Great place. Wonderful entertaintainment but very slow service
Ever dreamed of that bar that is perfect for composing your newest blog post by day and people-watching by night? This is it!
Steamed Seafood is the Best!!!
The fresh fish is very over priced
everything is pretty good & healthy..just be  easy on the butter!lol!
Not the greatest, but a break from the hot dog, popcorn, peanuts and Cracker Jack. Famiglia on 8th Street + Broadway in Greenwich Village has better pizza than the 100-level stand at Yankee Stadium.
Get there early if you want crack butter
Try the Yin and Yang dippingsauce!
Sauces are great, but food itself just doesn't cut it.  Sorry guys but my burger was cooked well but missing ingredients.  Fries were burnt and just average.  Gotta raise it up a notch, especially NYC
The sweet potato fries are yummy!
Great fries, recommend the crack butter for garlicky goodness!
Get the Classic Combo w the Pesto Mayo dipping sauce.
Not so good. Fries are super greasy and the chicken sando made me sick.
Only got $2 off for downloading the red mango app!
Download the RedMango app and check-in! (i promise you'll get $5 off!!) Make sure Kenny helps you out too! He is great!
Closes at 11. Cake batter and sprinkles or pumpkin.and granola work well
The things I have done in the back of this establishment that I dare not mention. And oh ya, check out the restrooms.
Pork Lettuce wraps are the way to go
Lovely place
Nachos grande are yummy and a good size for sharing. Great cosmos and dirty martinis.
My old haunt.
Over prices food and a wanna be sex and the city vibe. Weird fruit and veg salad with food that is disgusting. Only good thing is the bathroom.
Grilled vegetables is amazing or your money back ;)
Really awesome... Cobb Salad and Greak Burguer was great!!
Great desserts and cool spot for an afternoon chill out.
Even if your drink doesn't include for hard rock candy--ask for one. They don't care.
Try the BLT - With the works (via @Foodspotting)
The key lime pie is fantastic!!!
A bit pricey but well worth the trip once you see the bathrooms. Hint: they are unisex but don't worry, no one can see you do your business. :-)
Buffalo Chicken salad was probably the best I've had in NYC, hands down.
Have the St. Germain, it is deeeelish
Def unique bathrooms!
Try French 75 if you love sparkling wines!
Buckin' wings !!
Try the Grilled Vegetables - And I'm a carnivore! But this is the best veggies ever cc: @jesperez (via @Foodspotting)
Absinthe the proper way: they know their stuff!! I'm not even going to comment on the bathroom.....damnit!
The coconutini is ah-mazing. If you really feel like have a good time- 2 champagne celebrations and you will be good to go!  Also, the BBQ Chicken salad is really fresh and has a nice spice to it .
Get the champagne mojito...a summer seasonal favorite
See the coolest restaurant bathrooms in Soho. And make sure you don’t leave without trying the rum cake.
Pomtini all the way
On a hot day in the city, try a watermelon martini!
Very cool designed space, often showing some type of art on the walls. Great drinks. Good place to start the night off or hang in the afternoon.
Buckn Wings - Best wings Ive ever had.
The wings, amazing!  The drinks even bettah!!  Love it all :)
What are y'all talking about? The waffle fries are weakkkkk and the food is too.
Riazul Tequila Margaritas!
Amazing food churassco is amazing
Brilliant place...you have to try the samba rolls
It's not even funny how good the sea bass is
Please avoid this place. The service is terrible, and the food is not even decent. Overpriced and small portions. Make yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
suiiiippp keren euu
The Moqueca Mista will make you happy.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Antique Sushi!
Combinado de sushi e sashimi vale muito a pena, peixes escolhidos pelo chefe e uma delicia!
I practically live here. Food, service and ambiance are perfect
Great sushi and ambience!
Don't miss the jalapeño tuna sashimi
Everything we ate was unbelievably amazing! This is what we ate: Edamame, Wagyu Gyoza, Samba7, El Topo, & the Pacific. We drank Samba-tini's Try everything! Soo delicious!
Not a sushi or seafood fan? Try the chicken teriyaki! It's really good!
Overrated, overpriced - not for those who are  s e r i o u s  about their sushi. Also, the bathrooms are weird.
Terrible service.
I had the rudest waiter and worst dining experience in years. Then the waiter lost my credit card and blamed me saying I never gave it to him, repeatedly denying I ever gave him a card. SKIP IT!!
El topo rolls are amazing! Next best thing is Samba7
DONT GO HERE. Sushi samba has lost its mojo. Service is meh, the rolls suck and the cocktails are bland. Go somewhere around Astor place for better rolls.
Great sushi, fun environment, try a sakatini!
One of the best Chilean Seabass I've had in the city.
Sushi Samba has really delicious sushi try number 7 & just to add it's also a quite famous place to visit in NYC...
Don't go in all cartywampous
Amazing Sushi! Love the outdoor seating and the drinks!!
Just had the best meal of my life at Samba
The El Topos are to DIE for!!!
It's not the place it use to be. Sad :(
Do not order Hakata drink...just taste like pink lemonade minute maid... And sushi, it's ok, menu reads exciting and it taste: ok.
Try the Sashimi Ceviche - Tuna n salmon sashimi in citrus yuzu oil.. oranges..sliced grapes..lime zest. garlic..jalapenos.. N fresh cilantro #freshtodeath (via @Foodspotting)
SushiSamba 787 7th Ave. S (at Barrow St.), New York, NY 10014Sushi Restaurant, Japanese Restaurant, Asian Restaurant
Absolutely amazing rainbow dragon roll! The echigo beer is awesome.
Definitely not for people who want fluffy, sugary, sweet coffee drinks. Their espresso drinks will WAKE YOU UP.
I Love That They've Incorporated Square Technology Info Their Business Model!
They make coffee here.
Closes early. Hours 8-5PM.
The falafel is super tasty & only $3.50
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Nicest owner of all time-total sweetheart and loves the community. Great food too!
Yelp was right: beef pho is not good
Do you have reservations? No? Well you should, and not in a good way.
The prices look like they have not changed since the 80s.. and neither does the decor. Food is pretty tasty too.
The tofu pho in beef broth is Delish!
If you're going with the veggie pho, get the soy protein.
Try the veggie banh mi with soy chik'n. They make 'em spicy!
Cute little family owned hole in the wall w excellent homecooked food and kind owners.
Get the Banh Mi Bo.
This banh mi is amazing and I'm Vietnamese I would know
Very filling and worth the price but the bread was not as fresh or crispy as the top places and neither were the veggies.
Spring rolls are not to be missed!
Skip the allure of adding a fried egg to your sandwich, but split an order of spring rolls if you wanna get frisky. They are solid.
Not a good spot if you're in a rush
Veggie pho with soy is amazing and extremely filling.
Pork pate...best banh mi I've ever tasted.  Been thinking about it for a month!
Get the pork bahn mi with a fried egg in it!  They go perfect together like a turtleneck and chain!
Great Vietnamese food with super low prices!!
Get the crispy sunfish (red curry sunfish sandwich). It is great!
Every time I come here in the morning, the coffee is out. Be prepared to wait...
Mysore Rava masala dosa is where it's at.
Try the royal thali. Delicious! Friendly staff. Nice atmosphere. Recommended!
The palak paneer is some of the creamiest I've ever had, and with big chunks of spinach. The staff is really friendly, too.
Get the alu muttar. yum
Ask for cauliflower dosa I feel the place is not great
I love the Mysore Masala dosai!
Get the Mumbai lunch
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!  If you haven't ordered, get up and leave.  The most rude service I have received in 1,000+ restaurant visits.  Manager was condescending and dismissive.
The best south Indian food in the NYC / JC area. The pongal reminded me of my days in Vellore.. and the chakara-pongal of murugan idli of Chennai
Service here needed improvement but the food is to die for
Favorite dosas in town!  The bhel puri and palak paneer are also great.  Cap it all off with yummy gulab jamun and masala chai or Madras coffee.
Service is absolutely terrible!
My favorite Indian in NYC.
Excellent Sth. Indian food - recommended!
The dosas are crisp, idli are delicate, vadai are doughy, and the chana chaat is tangy - South Indian food at its tastiest! This cuisine is perfect for a hot summer night.
paper dosa!
Mysore special here is amazing
The best south Indian food I've eaten in NYC
Great food!
Ty Nant Spring Water is the cleanest, smoothest water I've had in life...
Monday half price Belgium beer from noon to closing. How great is that!
Mussels Marseilles
Absolutely delicious selection of beers!
Terrible service. Forgot to bring coffee and OJ! Mediocre waffles
Best Belgian Waffle Sundae!
service is slow but there's free wifi so you can surf as you wait
Try the Croque Hawaiian to start your morning: grilled ham, gruyere cheese and pineapple.
Beer night on Mondays! Half price on the entire (and very extensive) beer menu all night.
Great omelettes, great waffles, great croissants, always-friendly staff and great for hanging out with coffee and good reading.
Nicest staff I've ever experienced in Tribeca!
The liege waffle is to die for! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The hangover burger (served on a baguette, stuffed with fries) requires too much coordination to eat hungover
Steak au poivre & framboise is the way to go. Jacques is the man! Love this place!
First time here. Asked if crossaints are fresh and reply was yes. But very average    Brought on aWhen I asked for preserves/jam they said they had to charge $1 and the croissant was already $3.75!!
The Belgian Beer (kwak) is off the chain and the Oysters are to dye for....
Quality has gone way down. My burger was tasteless. The fries were fat. Even the bun was boring. This is sad. They used to have one of the best burgers in the City.
Winner of Best Belgian in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Look out for little Tin-Tin comics posted throughout the establishment.
Not a bad lunch option while serving jury duty, especially on Monday's - half price beer
Only old wenches go here and they HATE it when people have a good time. Avoid it like the plague!
Get the hangover burger....awesome!  And, have Binta serve you a Saison Dupont!
The WiFi password is their phone number.
Waffle was fluffy but not crispy if that's what you're looking for.
The Sixpoint Little Buzz here was brewed exclusively in Red Hook, Brooklyn for Petite Abeille. You can only get it here!
Monday beer is half price!
Great selection of Belgian brews on tap. Friendly staff. Try the mussels.
Grab an old Tintin book and enjoy it mussels (all you can eat every Wednesday)
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
best waffles in the city <3
The Salmon burger with guac is very tasty.
The roasted chicken and stoemp here is delicious! Stoemp is Belgian for mashed potato deliciousness
Try the #9 special hero- roast pork w/provolone & roasted peppers, and ask to add avocado. Best sandwich I've ever had.
Order the fries well done!
Quick and solid home style Japanese cooking. Cute atmosphere, nice spot to eat and hang out/read!
Siphon coffee. One of the only places in NYC. Worth a trip just for that.
A homey place with SUPER friendly staff serving Japanese comfort foods. I highly recommend the gratin dishes and napalitan spaghetti. Try the fruit ice cream with coffee jelly too!
Everything we had was great! Their Katsu Curry is a pork katsu, but if you ask they may have chicken!
The casseroles and omu rice are pretty good, but come for the comfortable atmosphere and delicious coffee/teas/desserts!
It was really hot today, so we decided to go in without knowing what to expect. The decor was homey; service was quick and nice; and they make one of the best omelette rice dishes in town.
Gyoza with rice is AMAZING
Cute Japanese cafe with home cooked dishes. Love the Tarako spaghetti, sandwhiches and omu rice! And they have royal milk tea!
anpan man omu!
ミックスサンドの味はコンビニのミックスサンドと同じ。懐かしすぎてワロタ。
I like this place but they're veryyyy slow! Stay away if your in a hurry..
Amazing comfort homestyle Japanese food. Must try the curry katsu.
Great Japanese Street Food.
Seafood Spagetti and Omurice is so good! Homemade style Japanese food. -Erica C
I love "hamburg curry" or "hamburg curry Doria" here - today I'm having Spaghetti Napolitan for a change.
Cute place and better taste  hand drip coffee!!
Try the house coffee, it's amazing!
Try the Curry Omurice - Beef curry and mashed potatoes over and sides. (via @Foodspotting)
I got the Curry Omu :) and the green tea ice cream parfait... They are pretty big size so take your time!
The Japanese Omlettes are just like what my Taiwanese mom used to make!
The hot dogs are good. Coffee was sour. Rice and casseroles were quite decent. Service is excruciatingly slow. >45 minutes waiting for food.
Love the Katsu pork curry over rice. Matcha green tea latte and custard for desert.
Omu-curry. Pan fried rice with onions/ham, dry curry, in a Japanese style omelette. Smothered in curry.
Very cute homecooked japanese food. Japanese spaghetti and casseroles!
melon soda!
The food is great and all but the Fkn wait is terrible! 40 minutes ? Seriously? If you're really hungry or in a rush, this might not be the stop to make.
And there's Kee's Chocolate across the street.
Science coffee. Experience it.
Where else would you get potato salad with your tarako spaghetti?
Now there is breakfast 8-10am even if you don't miss you japaneses mama's cooking, it's a great $5 deal.
Takes cards via seamless so pick up or order in. Good tip for the highline crowd.
Lovely meat in the burger.
A great little corner of normality in the meatpacking. Have a seat or grab it to go. Good prices and great staff.
Cash only, but the food is cheap and service is great. Laid back and delicious.
Frosted mugs for the beer. An excellent alt option to The Standard
When they have it, the oxtail is so well done here that I weep in longing for my Hawaiian home cooking.
I'm a fan of the Greek salad.
Pass. The food here is slightly less good than what you would expect from a diner.
Burgers are good to decent for as cheap as they are.
Cash only - 2 ATMs inside
Don't come here with your brother.
Check out the new food stands for the summer. The Taco Truck, Northern Spy and Bark hot dogs.
Was excited to try, butmy banana mango smoothie was watery and rather tasteless. Oh well.
There are tons of cheap and tasty options here, but start with wonton soup. "The delicate, oversized wontons, dotted with a single stud of ground pork filling, bob in a thick, savory broth.
Surprisingly, probably the best croissant I've had in New York City.
Best iced latte in midtown!
They make the BEST Tuna Foccacia for lunch and some tasty desserts & tarts too but the real winner here is the Nutella Croissant & a cappucino.
Piccolo Café makes the best sandwiches ever—this Warm Focaccia with Arugula, Olive Oil, Truffle Pate, and Prosciutto Cotto sandwich is my current favorite. The touch of truffle is divine!
This girl is rude. Asked other co-workers about the free small cappuccino they offer because of foursquare and requested that it should be taken off. This is the last day I will go to this place!
Hell's Kitchen's hidden gem. Fresh croissant and a large soy chai latte for the perfect morning kick-start!
Cute cafe with outstanding sandwiches, but don't order the greek salad unless you want appetizer portion.
The homemade croissants, truffle egg sandwich and an apple, goat cheese and walnut salad... Need I say more?! So good.
They're on the UWS-after eating the brunch special, signature piccola poached eggs w/lobster & avocado or truffle & prosciutto, I care nothing for the Jean Georges of the world. Piccolo is all I need.
Hazelnut gelato with a shot of espresso!!!!
Awesome croissants.
The espresso is strong and a little bitter. Good for a quick pick-me-up.
$10 Free here today courtesy of LevelUp (sign up with promo code 42767 to get another $5 Free just for signing up).
They put wayyyy too much pesto on the sandwich
Try the Truffle Toast. #6 on the menu.
Foccacia special!!
Don't get the vegetarian pasta
Best cappuccino in midtown.
Piccolo cafe is great! Haha, my friend actually did a presentation and named their store this. Come to think of it, I look back in my check ins, and see that I actually went to this cafe!
The best escape in Midtown. Real Italian food and coffee and a sick playlist.
Try the lobster sandwich. No mayo--so it's unique and a little healthier than the normal lobster roll. Also love the chicken schnitzel and really any breakfast sandwich here.
Number seven is the best
Pasta that melts in your mouth.
Only the best cappuccino in this part of town.
Pesto egg sandwich
Breakfast #1 on a croissant. Perfection! Great latte
Just as tasty as its Madison Ave counterpart, although there is no seating (just a few stools).
One of the best mochas ever. Every time.
Everyone dies for the lasagna. On a splurge day I eat spaghetti, on a diet day, the salads never disappoint.
#9 Panino: warm foccacia w arugala, olive oil, truffle pate & prosciutto! Uh-mazing.
I'm sitting in the same chair 
They are awesome... :-D
Never go here expecting 'fast' food. I've never seen slower assembly line service.
The worst Subway I've ever been to! Rude service, and half the topping and chip selection of other locations. No provolone, no black olives, and literally only 3 types of chips! Come on
Don't bother going in and find a different subway. The staff here just made no effort to understand my order and were incredibly rude. Lousy service not worthy of any custom, go to McD's instead!
"Real Dreams Vol 1: Passion"http://amzn.to/MX3i0D Reading is sexy.
Check out"Real Dreams Vol 1: Passion"http://amzn.to/MX3i0D
Don't go in the a.m. Seems like they use day old bread in the morning
It's a pain to get a glass of water as they fill it at the sink and don't like to do it. Don't expect them to be happy to refill it.
In the morning Indian lady a bitch
Sucks you have to pay 1.00 for refills
The chick who works here is angry.
You're probably sitting on that same chair in the picture reading this. Yes that's pee.
Only fridays
They put squash + bell peppers in the chicken and rice!
Filet mignon au poivre and salmon both highly recommended. Authentic French bistro. (Except for the bad music that's too loud.)
Breakfast was awesome! Came out fast and it was hot and fresh.
The goat cheese ravioli melts in your mouth.
Good place to start the day.
It's close by, Meh.
Superb Eggs Benny!
Get over the prices, people - it's New York freakin' City in case you haven't noticed.  This place is actually a good deal in the Times Square.
The order takes sooooo long
The Sea bass and the chocolate mousse are delicious!
Great pancakes au chocolat
Great pancakes au chocolat
Absolutely must eat here!
Expensive as sh*t but the food was on point.
The Steak Frites is amazing! Order it!
Try the octopus appetizer. Nice selection of rosés.
This place serves till 11:30 and bar menu till 2::00
Good food!! But slow service.
Good food but chaotic ordering system. Note who ordered ahead and behind you so no one swipes your order.
Voted best Street Meat in Midtown Lunch's 2011 Reader's Poll.
Winner of Midtown Lunch's Street Meat Palooza 4!
Special of the day:GRILLED TILAPIA served over INSALATA DI PASTA (rotini with cherry tomatoes, olives, tuna, fresh basil), or COUS COUS, or BASMATI RICE
is on Water St, corner of Hanover Square today!
You have to try the Basmati Royal - Beef, Chicken, Merguez and Kofta over rice.  Sometimes you just have to spoil yourself.
The cous cous with fire roasted veggies is heaven. I could eat it every day for the rest of my life.
Love the merguez sandwich with green olive sauce!
Try the Merguez Over Basmati Rice - Yummy as always.  (via @Foodspotting)
Good article about the grilled chicken over basmati
The cous cous with roasted veggies is a-ma-zing!
Get the Basmati Royal- $10 but has grilled chicken, merguez, kofta, grilled beef, grilled veggies and greens over basmati rice with coice of sauces. Very tasty!
Get a punch card- after 10 meals, next one is free.
At this location Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
Check Twitter (@Chefsamirtruck) for their daily location. You can call ahead with order, also. Website has menu, sometimes they have other items as well.
is on 56th St @ Lex today!
is on 27th St between Park and Madison today!
Place your order over the phone and pick it up! Tel. 347 935 9807
is on 38th St @ Broadway today!
can't come to YOU today! 19" of snow is a bit too much to move around! See YOU tomorrow!
is on Park Ave between 26th and 27th St today
VOTE!!!http://midtownlunch.com/2010/12/20/best-new-food-truck-2010-readers-poll/
We need YOUR votes!
is on 55th St @ Lex today!
Don't wait in line!!! PLACE YOUR ORDER OVER THE PHONE @ 347 935 9807 AND PICK IT UP!
It's cold today! Puglia style lentil soup! $3
Soup of the day: LENTIL SOUP.
Amazing decor and ambiance. Food was excellent, too!
Enjoy the UWS people watching along with the bounty of exemplary small pizzas, beet ravioli and buffalo mozzarella salad. Best of NYC critic's choice for best sidewalk cafe!
Favorite brunch on the UWS.
Try the Chocolates (via @Foodspotting)
Wonderful place! Eggplant appetizer very good and large. Open until from 7 am until 2 am, turns into a classical lounge after midnight.
Our favorite brunch place on the UWS. I can recommend any of the pasta dishes, without reservation. The live music (piano, violin) is a plus.
The lasagne verde was terrific
The spaghetti with seafood was yummy!
Great ambience and staffs! Love this place.
The food was delicious and the ambiance was exceptional! Loved the classical chamber music provided by the talented Manes students...I intend to return often!
Delicious meal, exceptional ambience. Thumbs up
It seems they spent too much money on atmosphere and none on food. All our dishes were bland on bland.
Great place for just about anything.
Great spot with big doors open to the street. Good prices and food
Indifferent Caesar salad but solid B+ for linguini bolognese
Sitting at the bar was awesome!  I enjoyed the seafood ravioli with a glass of wine.
The seafood special is neither special or seafood. Disgusting. Should be ashamed!
The spinach ravioli with pesto  is absolutely phenomenal. Perfect portion sizes, too!
Food sucks! Don't do it!
Food is average, though the service is good
$10 unlimited brunch special!
Northern italian classics...chicken parm, chicken and spinach parm and wine are delicious!
The food is fantastic! I highly recommend the spinach and cheese ravioli with pink sauce!
Food is good ... but a bit expensive for what you get
Tip...Please leave Andrea and Teddy big tips! They rock!
Ravioli was awesome!
Homicide detective Conor Bard makes loves to Tasha before heading to this Italian restaurant in Charles Kipps' CRYSTAL DEATH.
Food is good, but the service is not.
Chicken parm was terrible. Chicken tasted like a freezer. Even the fries were bad - undercooked and cold.
I had the 44 chicken. I'm pretty confident the penne was not home made
The Gnocci is fantastic!
Get the Eggplant Rollatini Appetizer...heaven on a dish.
Try the Chirashi And Eel - An excellent lunch combo!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Negi Toro Spicy Garlic Roll.
Try the Salmon Roll - Salmon and tuna in bed (of rice). Scandalously delicious! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Beef Tounge Grilled - Say what you want to say cow! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Octopus, Shrimp  And Seaweed (via @Foodspotting)
An upscale sushi bar in Midtown, great for business lunch. The sashimi is super fresh and delicious. It's also a cool sit-down spot for after-work sake.
An upscale sushi bar in Midtown, great for business lunch. The sashimi is super fresh and delicious. It's also a cool sit-down spot for after-work sake.
Wow what a treat! Fresh uni, served atop its spiky shell.
Eat at the sushi counter (try hard-to-find spicy negi toro and natto hand rolls here) and don't forget to order kitchen items like the grilled cod (super yum!)
Manhattan Roll combo - good stuff
Brussels sprouts and salmon with lentils are a must!
The food was excellent, but the service was very slooooooiooow....
I don't usually get chicken, but their Herb Rotisserie Chicken with polenta fries & kale: excellent!!!
Terrible service. Out waiter just forgot about us at least three times and I actually had to flag someone down to get our water glasses refilled. And the restaurant wasn't even full.
Mac n Cheese is incredible
Best brunch on The UES...  Get the french toast... The lobster benedcit.. Lobster Hash... Cheesy grits... Absurdddddddityy
Pea soup = one of the best soups I've ever had.
brunch is awesome!  not a bad thing on the menu.  and the croissants/scones... aah amazing!
Skate wing is best I've ever had. A must try
French toast is awesome - here, it's more awesome.
The doughnuts are amazing!
Brubch is stellar: go for lobster benedict or the burger and don't miss the doughnuts!
Meatballs are very good. Also try the kale salad. Drink wise, Scandinavian Wood was tasty. Rustic. Went on a cold day. Their version of the old fashioned is quite nice as well.
Delicious food
Pretty below average Thai food. The pad see ewe had little flavor, the noodles none. I would pass on this one next time.
Lunch is great
Food is salty, but pretty good and the lunch special is a great deal.
$8 lunch special: app and entree. Crab Rangoon is a must!
Blueberry Grill got a health rating of CL with 48 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/16683
Closed down by the health dept. yuck.
This place...So weird. Awful staff, awful food, and owners in over thei heads. But hey, the burgers are still good.
owners a douche and they are all dumb that work here only good thing was pitchers were $8.
The worst.
They have over 100 different beers!!!
I've never posted about a place before this. Pulled pork was the worst thing I have ever eaten in new York city
Love the moth balls in the urinal
Bar not car
Burgers are huge and tasty. Also car naming competition for five bucks enter a name if you win you get lots of free beer.
$1 pint nights from 8-close on Tuesdays and Thursdays!
If you're in a group, the Philly Cheesesteak pizza is too good. Check out the slice specials. Tomato, Bacon with ranch base is delicious!
Good pizza :D
Surprisingly good pizza! Too many places that cater to the vegan/organic crowd seem to have no taste. Not the case here.
Good, delicious, organic pizza. They have vegan & vegetarian pizza too! I had a slice of Bella - pesto sauce, mozzarella, spinach, onions & feta cheese. Delicious!
GREAT vegetarian and vegan pizza. My favorite is the Zen pizza. Their desserts are awesome, too.
Get a Greek salad and a penne a la vodka and share them with someone.
Slices are hearty and generous - one is enough for a meal
Great healthy selections - the mushroom sauce never fails to please.
Marinara slice rules.
Absolutely delicious and kosher. Vegan. I recommend the mother earth pizza. Mmmmm!
best whole wheat pizza in town.
Really good vegetarian and vegan pizza. Not much more expensive than the famiglia up the street!
Dont want to wait at Rumbas across the street. Walk right in order anything in menu and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Excellent cubana panini. Great assortment of desserts.
Must try the chicken pesto panini
They got some slamming burgers here:-)
Margherita pizza is really yummy!!
Had to request for the tables to be cleaned! For a Saturday the place is a mess!
Grab #2 or #6 panini, love it
Churrasco with congri or Moro. Don't forget dessert of Tres Leches.
Great food, service, prices, place.
Awesome food
Try the Skirt Steak - Brought to your table while still sizzling! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Roasted Chicken (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Mixed Green Salad W/ Skirt Steak (via @Foodspotting)
¡Fantastico! A table full of amazing tapas, a pitcher of sangria seated beneath a cool indoor tree... we all left smiling & happy! Come & bring your family & friends & share the love!  :)
Nick is the sweetest thing ever.! The best waiter/bartender you can have.! :)
I highly recommend the Chrurrasco.. !
The stuffed plantains were excellent!
The best cuban food I ever had.
Mojito Rumbero is tough
Piano lady needs to stop
The mofongo de camaron is amazing!!!
Try the Masitas De Cerdo - With Moro. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Black Beans (via @Foodspotting)
Be Careful with "who" is under your table. There's a dude name Hector that likes to hide under tables. Watch Out!
Their sangria is delicious. My friends and I prefer the red. I always get the corn fritters! And definitely get their honey chicken.
Amazing atmosphere. The food is excellent. The prices are just right. The staff attended us like royalty. Try the churrasco..its on point!!
Hands down one of the best restaurants in the area!
The chuletas alhumada are fantastic.
Order the app sampler, its enough for two or three as a meal, pair with the sangria and you wont go wrong.
Great authentic Cuban food! Mojitos and sangria are strong! Prices are amazing as well. I dig the complimentary crackers and dip they give!
Awesome service, excelent food
The food and staff are excellent. If you don't want to eat a full course meal, try the Rumberito along with their Sangrias. Great place to bring the family or a date.
Amazing food
Bistec Embanizado AMAZING!!!!!! Also have the fried yuca with that cream they gave. If you don't get it ask for it
Delicious food drinks, very inexpensive. Eveything was good along with the service.
Its all GOOD.
Omg, I so full I can't move & have the serious itis now! Just saying...
Eddie rocks!  Stop in and talk real Football.
Everything that comes out of the kitchen is unique and delicious, you really can't go wrong! And the craft  beer and fantastic staff make it the perfect place for drinks, lunch, or dinner! Or all 3!
The beer selection is unmatched in the area. It really is impressive. Plus the sandwiches are absolutely delicious. This is a regular weekend stop.
An O.K. brunch. It's worth trying the duck eggs Benedict.
Liquor license application in progress (expected early '13)
Best. Salad. Ever. It had duck confit and duck egg and I polished off my plate. Get the Brasserie salad!
The waitresses sometimes ignore you. The place is a bit full of itself.
The Big Pig is amazing!
The kitchen closes a bit early, but the beer selection remains awesome well after that.
Try the Duck Eggs Benedict - Delicious and a little spicy (via @Foodspotting)
Don't get the sake. For 14 dollars you basically just get a mouthful!!!
Allagash Victoria...heaven
Fantastic service, great beers and epic food. Love this place
Check out the food menu. The menu changes often and everything rocks.
Great food and service! Come by after work and never leave
Don't go here for brunch if you want a Bloody Mary -- They only have beer & wine - no liquor!
Scratch kitchen, delicious food, amazing beer selection that is constantly changing! Great staff!
Beautiful Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup for lunch!
PERPETUAL BRUNCH!!!
Amazing beer menu.  Food is great - get duck, duck, and more duck!
Good beer selection. Not a ton of local stuff.
Food is great. Chicken breast, duck duck goose terrine, yes please.
Try the Burger (via @Foodspotting)
Great beer, overpriced mediocre, food - indoor service at the tables.
Bar tender/waiter has great taste in pale ale beers!
Amazing pork burger.
Omg goose fat and smoked paprika popcorn at the bar.
Nice bartender! Very good service. And their bar snack is hot, fresh popcorn! SCORE!
Andrew is the best server at this place! He knows the wine, beer and food menus front to back!
Get the Brasserie salad, but not if you're a vegetarian.
Great food but don't come if you are in a rush. Service is very slow
Order at the bar for super fast service. As a first timer, order pizza, meat lovers personal pizza highly recommended
The formaggio Bianco is great. Good house salad too.
Definitely try the Salsiccia Dolce pie with sweet italian sausage, caramelized onions, and fresh basil -Dave S
Get the meatball pizza. Do not get the meatball pasta
Get the shroom town pizza, orgasmic!
good thin crust pizza. skip the soup. sit at bar for quickest service.
The service here blows, the pitchers are small, and the waiter can suck it.
Terrible service. Once you get your food don't expect the waiter to come back.
Great pizza's. Nice selection while mix & match offers personal touch. Meatballs on pizza goes surprisingly well. Barbera Italian red wine is full body and is a good fit.
Very good pizza. Thin cracker-like crust
Two slices and a drink. Great taste. Friendly service.
Pizza beer picnic. Enough said.
Meat lasagna is amazing
If you like cheese go for the formaggio bianco slice (white cheese) it is phenomenal
Nice warm yummy sandwiches at very reasonable prices
It is all about the Shroomtown Pizza
Thy the shroomtown pizza. It's amazing!
The nine grain crust isn't quite as delish but worth it to spare the guilt (eat more)
Half Sandwich and House Salad deal is great (and generous with portions).
Have the Brownie Ala Mode.
Try pizza.
No free refills on soda.
Love it best subs.
Try the chicken, shrimp or veggie patties. Off the hook!
Try the mild beef patty!!! It's Great!
For us vegetarians One Stop offers both spinach and vegetable patties. I wish they'd bring back their soy patties. Be sure and make the request when you stop in and maybe they'll bring it back!
Spicy beef patty with coco-bread!
My favorite chicken and rice in the area. $5 for a big plate and the two Egyptian guys that work here are really nice.
Adorable. Hidden. Try the fries, stay for the friends.
New cafe. They serve salads, small plates, and grilled items like a burger, mixed grill plate, steak sandwich, and chicken panini. The space features a lot of tchotchkes and reused materials
Worst crab cake I'd ever tasted. Corned beef excellent.
Love the music...The Cheesecake is just plain Yummy!
They are closing new years eve so enjoy rosie's while it lasts!
The service was good and the dinner was awesome. Seafood was fresh and tasty !!
The service was good and the dinner was awesome. Seafood was fresh and tasty !!
Attention.. Red Wine is warm... :/ take White! :)
Bartender is snobby and rude but the drinks are good!!
Great steak and burgers. Terrible calamari. But fun and relaxing atmosphere.
The music played overhead is great!
If there's no seat downstairs, the upstairs bar is quite roomy!
Best salad deal in midtown! I know it's weird but you can get a small salad w 1 protein and unlimited toppings for less than $8. Come w a drink too!
Hey Mrs. Fields fans! Enter 2 win a $100 gift card from Mrs. Fields! Enter on our FB pg http://on.fb.me/sweeps-spree or by downloading r free iPad app http://bit.ly/catalog-spree
no one believes me that they sell more than cookies, but the salads are the best!!!
The tikka masala and garlic naan are delicious! The vegetable samosa is yummy too!
Great Indian food, special deal usually only applies to the menu items though. The buffet is only $10 so a coupon is kinda superfluous anyway :P
Try the Chicken Xacuti - Great authentic Indian food here always. A little off the beaten path but worth it! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken Makhani (via @Foodspotting)
Great lunch buffet
One of the best Indian Restaurants in New York
Really wonderful food, freshly and healthily prepared -- or at least, as healthy as creamy Indian food gets. If East Village 6th Street is your idea of Indian cuisine, come here for something better.
Spicy tomatoe soup is good.
Lamb vindaloo is delicious! Really good indian food. very good vegetarian menu.
Weekend lunch special at $7.95 for vegetarians. Meat lovers don't despair lunch specials also include lamb and chicken thalis. Pretty awesome deal if you ask me. Enjoy...
Outstanding deep fried cauliflower!
Sign up for LocalBonus to automatically earn points towards a free lunch at Copper Chimney.
Try the garlic honey gobi!
Exquisite menu includes lamb with apricots!
Best Indian buffet I've tried so far in Manhattan and it's pretty cheap! Go before 2pm. Naan bread and chicken tikka masala combination is to die for.
Lamb vindaloo is delicious!
Get the chicken chettianad
general Indian buffet tip, if you hate sauce creepage lay a papadom on the plate like a placemat and pour dishes on top. ;-)
Try the Brie & Cherry croissant & the Pain Perdu!
The New England clam chowder is watery and the bowl is tiny! Over priced not worth it. Views nice.
The fish & chips isn't bad, just overpriced for the quality and service...  It is kind of fun sitting outside and watching people, though.
Just don't even bother...over priced and not worth it. Drinks are weak.
The food isn't really worth the price. It's good, but pricey!
Shoot me in the fucking face this is the worst place on Earth
Worst place I've ever gone in NYC. Avoid at all costs
Terrible, overpriced, rude service, no free refills
Food is OK, the view is great. To bad that everything is served in plastic glases/plates.
Should've listened to reviews. Food is terrible and beers are ridiculously small for the price. Stay away!
The service is not good,  the place needs a food makeover asap.....horrible food presentation...disappointed.
$5 Frozen Drinks - $4 Draft beer
Horrible service
Food was alright, frozen drink specials not so special
$5 Frozen Drink specials - $4 Draft Beers
While the food isn't anything to write home about, my experience was more positive.. I found the prices to be average and lower than neighboring restaurants, with an OK overall experience.
Very unsanitary. We sat by the bar and even the owner tried to try a customers drink before serving it to them. In the "kitchen" they sat the food on the garbage. They get an F.
They have a menu full of pasta but the waiter claims they don't make pasta! Got up and left.
Don't be fooled by it's location or it's look, it truly is nothing more than a pricey late night diner with a nice view.
Btw they include a 15% gratuity on the bill despite the terrible service. Avoid!
Worst nachos ever.... Way too overpriced. Don't order!
Terrible and overpriced
Wow-worst jalapeno poppers EVAR!!
Great veggie spot. Smoked tempeh wrap is delish.
Friendly staff, free wifi, and good espresso drinks. Double chocolate cookie was good too. Contrary to appearance, there is a bathroom - just ask.
The soy sausage sandwich is hearty and anise-y, and the bread is wonderfully soft.
If seitan had existed during the Qing Dynasty, General Tso Tsung-tang probably would have created 'sNice's General Tso's Seitan wrap instead of the inferior chicken platter.
Tempeh burger is delicious and has a bit of spice to it- great if you're not typically a fake meat eater but want something hardy.
Try the Smoked Tempeh Wrap - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
i am a huge fan of the large portions, the great ambiance and the speedy service! vegan philly all the way!
The quinoa salad with avocado and smoked tempeh is a must.
Ask for your sandwich to be made as a salad for a healthier yet still delicious option!
vegan panini is seriously good. i keep coming back for it, and it keeps being consistently tasty.
They now have a $10 credit card minimum. ($15 for Amex)
smoked tempeh wrap
Tempeh reuben forever
get a 'bueno burrito' with an 'ugly bar'. will blow your mind.
Dodgy wifi that keeps crashing but its ok, this place is still lovely.
The Chick'n Pot Pie Wrap will make you wanna slap da judge.
They have coat hooks!
Tri-Color Panini with gorgonzola, walnuts and apples is incredible. Also comes with small greens on the side.
Great vegan/vegetarian lunch spot, try the thai salad w/seitan or quinoa salad w/tempeh. -Diana
carrot cupcakes are delicious and MOIST!
BAO fresh kombucha is proudly sold here!
The 'Snice menu is fresh + savory, revealing a list of inventive, international dishes like the Cuban panini w/soy ham + the triple decker tofu club. Order online and see what you’ve been missing!
BAO fresh kombucha is proudly sold here!
Sushi sandwich is unexpectedly delicious. It's vegetarian too.
Vegan sandwich is the bee's knees says this carnivore
Quinoa Salad is fresh, delicious and perfect for a hot summer day.
We love that all their wraps & sandwiches can be made into salads. Our favorite is the Bueno Burrito as a salad. They also have delicious vegan desserts if you’re in the mood for sweets.
Ridiculous vegan chocolate cupcakes.
"sesame chicken" is with the quotation marks.
I'm definitely a meat eater, but the hearty curried cauliflower & chickpea wrap leaves satisfied every time.
Amazing half sandwich and salad deal. Or you can have soup instead. Owners and workers so nice an friendly.
So beautiful this time of year - they have decorated for the holidays. So pretty.
Small corner of France in the middle of wall st
Cute little place in not cute FiDi
Great Madeline buttery and oh so good
Paris on Maiden.
Amazing Roast Beef sandwich!  Charming cafe!
Never fried or cooked in oil, the dishes at Stamina promise to give you energy to conquer your day. This eatery specializes in lean grilled meats & freshly-squeezed juices like the “Hangover Cure”
Best halal cart in the village
Sammy's is awesome. Get the gyro platter and make sure to ask for chickpeas and the fresh green sauce!
The next best halal cart to the notorious one on 53rd St (which I've never been to), so I've heard. Living in Greenwich Village, I'd say that I'm sufficiently pleased by how Sammy's gets the job done!
Best Gyro in NY & sandwiches only $4!! Awesome Value!!!
NYC has many, many, many sushi restaurants. However, this is one of the best because it is still so authentic--none of that ‘nobu fabulousness’ here.
Nice spot that serves up quality sushi at a decent price, often serving up some unusual seafood treats. -John W.
Try the Otoro Sashimi (via @Foodspotting)
Try the 蛤 (via @Foodspotting)
Try the 酒肴三種 (via @Foodspotting)
Nigiri is amazing!
omakase at the sushi bar is the way to go. Go with Everything toro
Fish is always fresh an some of the best sushi for the price.
Sit at the bar and enjoy your meal. What you can get here is not just great food but also an amazing experience. Also they serve blowfish here, which is imported straight from Japan.
Freshest uni I had in a while. Top notch stuff for half the price.
UNI!  They have the best uni I've ever had in the US.  I thank the owner/chef for shopping around the world in search for the best to have at his restaurant.
Get the dish that's on fire throughout the whole meal.
In this city, you’d be hard-pressed to find sushi of this quality at such great prices. (But note: the portions are traditionally delicate.) Plus, this place is about as unpretentious as they come.
Omakase is the only way. #westway #Friday
Try the needlefish sashimi when in season, so delicious!
Awesome omakase for a pretty awesome price.
Chef Hideo puts on a show here preparing his masterful sushi.  Grab a seat at the sushi bar, get the omakase and watch him make it.  It's a very fun experience.
Finish off with an order of tamago sashimi. One order can be shared btwn two ppl as an alternative "dessert". Really kickass. Made with Hideo-san love.
The food is decent here but the service is extremely poor for the price you are paying. Our female server was unfriendly and at an attitude. Moreover, one of our dishes came 40 mins after our meal.
First few times here was five years ago and it rocked. Tried it today again Omakase and it was alright. We sat discreetly on a table but in a good venue that should make no difference. Not the case.
Amazing omakase.  The best uni I've ever had and japanese snapper was sublime.
Omakase oh my goodness.  Ask for jackfish and horse mackarel
Try the Nigiri - Watching the set being prepared in front of me was just as delectable as eating them. (via @Foodspotting)
Great place. When doing omakase, you can specify ow much you want to spend and they tailor to your range.
But.... wow this place is good. I assure you all. And I am Japanese. Age 44.
Heard it's a great place. It must be a great place.  But we've waited for an hour... is it because it's a Sat night??
One of the best sushi restaurants in the city. Small but really, really good. Always the freshest fish and the chef is top notch.
The sushi is top notch. Sit at the bar & let the chef cook for you, for half the price of the other big-name sushi places. We highly recommend that people go here.
sit at the bar and you will receive amazing service. order the cod, plum, special ednamae, and let the chef choose your sashimi & sushi. anything he prepares for you is top drawer delicous
get the omakase - there'll definitely be some weird looking items, but you'll be glad you tried it!
West Village and East Village – $22 for all-inclusive red/white sangria and mimosas.  Also includes a do it yourself Bloody Mary bar for just $5 each!  Amazing!
Try the Huevos rancheros - #avocado #eggs #potatoes  (via @Foodspotting)
Order the Ricky - its half margarita, half dos equis. Stir it up and enjoy
The fruit margaritas are made with real frozen fruit- absolutely delicious
Get the Pork Belly BLT tacos. Wow. The flavor is incredible. And a great portion (even if it is a little expensive). Was it down with a Ricky.
“Try the signature Ricky or Lucy cocktails – a combo of beer and margarita that makes one delicious beer slurpee.” More at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/diablo-royale-este.
Try the Ricky.
Try the Huevos rancheros - With cheesy grits and mimosa  (via @Foodspotting)
[Eat, Drink] If there's one drink you gotta have, it's The Ricky. Part beer, part frozen margarita, all awesome. Their merguez tacos are a must, too!
pork belly blt taco is easily one of the best tacos i've ever consumed. also, the luci is delicious.
Steak tacos are life changing
Avoid at all costs. This place is an insane shitshow.
Awful. Avoid
Michelada is excellent!
The waiter thinks he is James Franco and in the 99%. #spitindrank
beware, I was unpleasantly surprised when my bill for One pint was $12.
Brunch is heavy, but the beers and margaritas are damn tasty. A good "start the night at" kind of place, or happy hour.
Hostess is rude. Tried to make 8 girls have a pre fox menu. What
The Luci is SO good! Also, ask for Ron. He's super nice and has great recos.
Get a Ricky. It combines these two drinks (see photo).
Don't book a large party here...I paid $80 for appetizers and cold tacos. Management may be worse than the food is.
The management here blows hardcore- though admittedly it is an excellent physical place for drinks
Funn!! Good music & candlelit tables downstairs
Brunch tacos are amazing! They're not afraid to make it spicy and I love it!
love working there. people are great to be around and food is so amazing !!
Tacos and tequila (+9 pts) in a great (+3), clean (+3), awesomely decorated (+6) environment. In the east village (+2). Who could ask for more? Total points: 23
I <3 luci!!
Say hi to dougie for me. The bartenders are awesome and the potatoes are so good!
Get the corn! Its amaaaaaaazing
Get the fried Chicken tacos with corn salsa in a honey habenero sauce. Amazing.
One of the best in the city !!!
Cute place for a glass of wine. Didn't eat but have heard the food is pretty good! Really tiny, in a good way
Everything is delicious and the service is good. The cheese plate is great.
Pulpo classic. My must-ordered every time I am here.
Everything on the menu is amazing! The only problem is, if you come by yourself, you might have problem to choose!
Sangria, just the classic red! And the host is supper friendly and make me home every time even I always just came alone.
Amazing patatas bravas y gambas San Martin! And a must have is the grilled octopus salad!
Everything is great! Must try pulpo classic and sea scallop. I had a foodgasm here!
Sea scallop
Pulpos classic and scallop are out of this world!
YUM. Get everything.
An amazing place for tapas in the West Village!
Good red sangria but the place is too tiny for a large group.
Very small! Cozy with some dang fine tapas. Have some sangria.
Great food, excellent service! Quaint little spot, I got there early and got a seat right away, I can see it getting really crowded though..
Such a cute place...Try the stuffed peppers :) yum!
On our must-order list at Las Ramblas - Patatas Bravas, Banderillas con Chorizo de Pato, and of course their sangria.
If you think you like tapas...then you don't know Las Ramblas!!  This place is 'autentico'!!! 5 stars and three thumbs WAAAYYY up!!
Pomegranate berry sangria and the spinach with potatoes are incredible
Gambas San Martin, succulent shrimp swimming delish garlicky sauce
Try the calamari!
$15 pitchers of sangria on Sunday afternoons!
Mussels in sherry wine sauce so good :-)  my favorite.  Great service. Pomegranate sangria delicious.  Meatballs goood. Everything is good
Try the croquettes and the eggs with chorizo.
Try the lamb chops
The octopus salad is delicious! Roasted peppers give it great flavor, along with red onions, olives, celery, tomatoes! My favorite!
Amazing sangria pitches and the food.... D-I-E!!!!
Enjoy the cozy and intimate space and partake in the Gambas San Martin, the Calameres Fritos and the Empanadas de Pollo. Tables are very close together, so strike up a conversation with your neighbors
Zagat and Michelin Rated Place. Expensive Tapas but worth it. The terrasse is great during summer.
Try the grilled Octopus with  and roasted ... outstanding .
Gone downhill a little ... Miss the hotpots. Too much sauce
Not bad but Not as good as I expect. There are better Sichuan restaurants out there.
Minced Chicken with Green Peppers is AMAZING
They you very little for the lunch special and unlike what they told me, there was barely any accompanying meat in my dish. For $1 more I would go to Hot Kitchen around the corner.
Try the Assorted Meats, Fish And Vegetable Pot  - Super awesome spicy dish  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Marinated Beef With Tripe - Spicy and tasty!  (via @Foodspotting)
Serious Eats EV Chinese rec
get the 牛筋 it's delicious
Get the niu jin
Solid fried rice and great hot & sour soup. Soup dumplings will satisfy a craving but I prefer Joe Shanghai.
Do not eat here. Hot and sour soup is filmy. Sesame chicken was rubbery. Not good hospitality.
Mapo tofu is best I've had in NY. I can't speak to its authenticity, but I will say it's delicious.
soup dumplings were really good
Get the Gui Zhou Spicy Chicken
Layne Mosler likes the pork soup dumplings. "It’s very comforting food. A dumpling in itself is comforting and when you add soup into the mix, it adds to the whole comfort factor."
10 dollar delivery minimum.
Have had really poor service the past few times that will keep me away for a little bit. Either do delivery or find another place on St. Marks.
The soup dumplings are a must-have. And when you're done with those, have the duck with green beans.
This is how long it takes them to bring out your friends food. Make sure you ask them to bring the meals out TOGETHER.
General Tso's Chicken is good. Skip any of the pumpkin dishes.
Loved the Gui Zhou nice and spicy taste
Every spicy dish is a must-try. Ideal meal: soup dumplings, sichuan wontons, dry bean curd, gui zhou chicken, and chinese broccoli.
It's alright...
Best chinese in manhattan. Jewish xmas eve rush
If you're a vegetarian get the General Tso tofu.
Gui Zhou Spicy Chicken + Sichuan Wonton with Red Oil
Stomach destroying hot oil bathed scechuan goodness. -Seth Caro, Top Chef Just Desserts
Shredded pork with dried bean curd FTW!
If u like spicy HOT #66 is what u want!
Vegetarians and others: try the pumpkin with garlic sauce.
The Shumai and sweet potato roll are great! It's a cute place!
The Shumai and sweet potato roll was great!! It's a cute place!
combo c come with 3 rolls and miso!
Great lunch specials including eight dollars for two rolls of sushi, eleven for three.
I come here for its fried chicken. Order the half/half combo fried chicken and watermelon soju!
For a latenight bite, share a platter of fried chicken and watermelon soju with friends. Their tofu stew is also delicious (and healthy!)
Try the Half And Half Chicken Wings - Very crispy  :) I loved both flavors: garlic and spicy (via @Foodspotting)
The Korean steak and eggs with kimchi fried rice is amaaaazing!
Order the drumsticks and chicken wings combo, and ignore the other thins on the menu, then you are good to go.
get the korean soy garlic fried chicken.  Don't get the korean fried tacos.
Although the chicken is amazing, try the Korean steak and eggs~  and ask for a Lychee martini at the bar from the cute bartender on the weekends!
Get a shish kabob if you're just accompanying a friend who's eating
Try the Korean food.
Best place ever.  Sit at the bar and be friendly... you might get some free chicken!! :)
Get fried chicken but also try the rest of their Korean fare. Bibimbop and tofu soup is amazing!
Awesome bartenders/owners!
James and Margaret - aweso
Loved the fried chicken - not greasy - just nice and crispy - yum!!!
Watermelon soju comes in a freakn watermelon!
Remember: you came here for the fried chicken! Order accordingly or feel the regret every time another table gets theirs.
Very tasty and spicy but too greasy..doesn't feel healthy
soy garlic chicken!
Don't bother unless you're getting fried chicken.
Cheaper options nearby, but if you insist, go for a half-and-half of the combo. Soju recommended.
Chat up the bartender Margaret. She's wicked nice.
I <3 you Bon Chon!
Im in love with the soy garlic wings!!
Korean BBQ done right! With group benches & private rooms available for groups I suggest you bring some friends & order the following. 1/2 DrumSticks, Kimchi Pancakes, KKochi & plenty of  Soju. Enjoy
The wings are a MUST HAVE!
The eel gui is fabulous.
Boka/Bon Chon9 Saint Marks Pl (3rd Ave), New York, NY 10003(212) 228-2887
Boka/Bon Chon 9 Saint Marks Pl (3rd Ave), New York, NY 10003(212) 228-2887
Get the Chicken Wings and Watermelon Soju!
Korean fried chicken and watermelon soju ($26) is a great combo to share among friends. I was here 3 out of the 4 nights that I was in NYC!
Good vibe, friendly staff. Coq au vin was good.
Great for large parties - even with short notice. Salmon is the dish to get but chicken liver pâté is also excellent. And $36 for a great bottle of malbec? Yes please!
Great dinner - I would recommend the vegetable flatbread, salmon, and pana cotta. Such a delicious meal!
they advertise themselves as french cuisine; didn't really get that vibe. service is slow and siappointing. scallops are good and butternut squash is okay, not the best I've had. the calamari is great
Place is horrible. Had hair in 2 different dishes n service was horrible. Still had to pay full price
Excellent salmon with cousvous
Tree Bistro190 1st Ave (E 12th St), New York, NY 10009(212) 358-7171   @treebistro   treebistro.com
Tree Bistro! 190 1st Ave (E 12th St), New York, NY 10009(212) 358-7171   @treebistro   treebistro.com
great outdoor patio! Its heated for the winter:-)
Great food in the upper East Side,traditional French cuisine,Chicken Liver Patte is yumm.
Found a great tip! $20 for $40 in Food &amp; Drinks at Tree Bistro http://bit.ly/qxMfk1
NOT vegetarian friendly. Kinda what you'd expect from most French restaurants...
Danny Boome loves the French comfort food at the East Village favorite, Tree, on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. We recommend Linguini with clams and mussels in saffron broth. Find more tips at FN Local.
Everything is fantastic, but the lamb was superb. Escargot as an app is a great call. And if you check in on Foursquare, you get free deep fried Oreos!
oysters and steak and wine and happiness
The pasta with clams and mussles in the saffron broth that they were known for? Gone. Took it off the menu. Place is still great but, why!?!
Pork belly appetizer and cookies n cream pannacotta cotta
cute e vill spot with surprising big backyard, grilled flatbread, huge portions of home-style dishes, see photos here: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=259969&id=765634189&l=e85e193279
Not overwhelmingly great for vegetarians, but the Roasted Butternut Squash Salad and the Grilled Flatbread are delicious choices, even if you're not vegetarian!  They can also prepare things vegan.
Check out the Secret Garden in the back-- it's like your own little piece of Brooklyn without having to leave East Village
Great food, but be sure to leave plenty of time to compensate for the sloooooooow service.
Holton Farms brings CSA fresh goodness to NYC all the way from Vermont!
The crew here represents.
The best deli sandwiches on Ave A. And it's not close.
Fast Fact: Mei Li Wah is Mandarin for "needs more dog"
The baked buns are delicious - absolutely mouth watering! Choose your favorite (might I suggest a pork bun or a coconut) and you are set for dinner for less than a dollar!
Come for the baked roast pork buns, stay for their rice noodle rolls.
No need to bother with anyplace else when it comes to steamed or baked pork buns. Also try "cocktail bun" and "famous bun."
Don't order by number.
food is great and cheap. service can be rude seen arguments between customers and grumpy waitress with glasses on several pccassions
If you like fatty pork, then their roasted pork buns are for you. I prefer the "Famous" bun. It's a plain bun, but slightly sweet and very chewy!
They only accept cash, so make sure you have some before you go.
Not impressed by the pork and egg congee. But pork bun was divine!
Food is good and reasonable but the waitress are rude. Decided to stay and eat instead of leaving got pushed outta the door because we had to go orders instead of eat in
Get the "Famous bun"!!!!! Delicious
Check out our feature of Mei Li Wah!
Ooozy gooey juicy pork buns.
Still hungry after a night out on Bayard Street? Hard to believe, but Mei Li Wah's Big Bun will take care of you. Stuffed with chinese sausage, pork, and salted egg, it's the guiltiest of delights.
Avoid the steamed roast pork buns here and stick with the famous baked version. "These soft, lightly glazed buns don’t skimp on the saucy, sweet and savory roast pork filling."
FYI the famous roast pork buns are now $0.90 each and still worth every penny
Yummy Boba Lai Cha! Bubble tea
Get 1 steamed & 1 baked (for $0.90 each) and take them to Columbus Park to enjoy them outside.
Get the Pork Buns! Best bun in NYC!
pork buns, egg shatters, and almond cookies.
The brown buns are the best! Get a dozen on your way out : )
Next roast pork buns
Love the pork buns!
After the baked pork bun head across the street to The Original Chinatown Ice Cream Factory for some yummy ice cream.
get the dozen, it's never enough!
What, no congee? go across the street - Xi'an - try a lamby sandwich ($2.50)
I prefer their Famous Buns over their baked roast pork buns. Their roast pork is extremely fatty, so just a warning!
Pork buns are amazing and cheap. Also try hot ginger tea!
Order correctly so you don't piss off the counter people
Cheap, delicious pork buns. Two make a meal, three make a feast. Get one steamed and one baked -- the sweet coating on the baked is awesome!
If you're an adventurer, let them pick the toppings.
Mel + Steve = the boom boom
Try a beef Vihn- a Bahn mi hot dog
The Mash is slammin'.  Only medium spicy, but the crushed chips make it
Hi there seeu soon
As good as advertised.  Soppressata and Brussel Sprouts pies hit the spot.
Definitely get the brussel sprouts pizza.  Def one of their best
margarita pie with sopresata salame, mushrooms and onions and octopus salad! Delicious!
this girl loves anchovies, and motorino has a great pizza to satiate an anchovy-craving - Colatura di Alici
Straciatella is great. House wine is red sparkling... a little odd but it grows on you. Worthy of a second try.
Brussel Sprout Pizza is excellent
gotta do the Brussel sprouts. great pizza not too thick.
Don't miss out on their lunch deal: a mixed green salad and pizza for only $12. Order the Brussels Sprouts pizza if you're a white pizza lover.
Zingy tomato sauce makes a Neapolitan margherita memorable. A wood-burning oven delivers chewy crust. Pizza pie + mesclun w/fresh pepper+sea salt, can be had in a $12 lunch, M-F. Old New York setting.
Very good pizza + value can be found at Motorino. At lunch M-F, $12 brings field greens and onions with fresh pepper and sea salt, plus a choice of generous and flavorful individual pizzas.
To die for pizzas! Try the Brussel sprouts pizza, Proscuitto, and soppresatta picante
In addition to the traditional varieties of marinara and Margherita pizza, Motorino offers a handful of more spirited pies, including one with cherry stone clams, and another with Brussels sprouts.
I think the cherry stone and marinara pizza are the best.
Their lunch special is $12 for pizza (4 choices)+ mixed green salad from 11-4 M-F.  Soppressata Piccante is my fav. Delicious pizza!
Best lunch special in town: pizza ($16) + salad ($4) = $12
Try the Soppressata Piccante - Amazing pizza with my amazing sister @ellweezie (via @Foodspotting)
clam pizza :)
Try the Brussels sprouts pizza with pecorino and pancetta for an unforgettable take on eating your vegetables:
The tap water tastes like piss. Skip to the pellegrino
Try the Prosciutti Special Pizza (via @Foodspotting)
Probably my favorite pizza in the city. Crust is delicious. Meatball pie is ridiculous. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for your pie "soft and uncut" and you will be rewarded with as authentic a Neapolitan pie as you will find in NYC.
I know clams on pizza sounds weird, but you should do yourself a favor and try it.
Brussels sprouts and pancetta pizza ftw.
349 E 12th St (between 2nd Ave & 1st Ave)New York, NY 10003Open Sunday-Thurs 11AM-12AMFriday and Saturday 11AM-1AM212-777-2644
Love Motorino. Margarita and clam are my personal faves.
bread lover's paradise! soft-and-chewy inside/lightly charred outside crust makes every pizza a delight, and the topping combos are all well done. try the b.sprouts-pancetta, margherita, or clam.
Marinated Beet Salad with soft boiled egg, ricotta salata, herbs, gaeta olive (can be ordered without anchovy)
def get the cherrystone clam pizza!! very authentic Italian pizza. one of the best in the city.
The New York Times says this is the best in Manhattan.  They're wrong, but close.  It's typically packed after 7:30pm and the servers are frazzled and hurried, but the bufala mozzarella is worth it.
Best cupcakes & pudding in town!
You think it's about the cupcakes but it's not. It's really about the banana pudding.
You can't beat the price and quality of their cupcakes! Especially in NYC!
That ooey gooey is TREMENDOUS
The strawberry cake with peanut butter frosting tastes just like a PB&J sandwich. At less than $2 a cupcake, this place is "must nosh."
It doesn't have the Sex and the City hype of a certain other cupcake shop, but something tells us Miranda would have eaten this cake out of the trash.
The best Pistachio Cupcakes!
Best. Cupcakes. Ever. :)
Try the "ooey gooey" cupcake, chocolate chip trifle and banana pudding.
Try the banana pudding, ooey gooey cupcake and chocolate chip trifle.
The cupcakes are great, but the banana pudding truly rocks.
Pistachio cupcakes are the best!
The cupcakes are ONLY $1.75. And they're absolutely delicious. Also, BANANA PUDDING.
Try the pumpkin and pistachio cupcakes! Fluffy
You could make the same shit they peddle here a lot better with ingredients from your local supermarket. Wish I never set foot in this sorry establishment
Best Pumpkin Cupcake in NYC
Cupcakes are delicious (the pumpkin & red velvet are faves) but the pistachio bundt cake is where it's at. For serious. The most delicious cake especially w/ a cup of coffee.
The banana pudding is the bomb!
Pumpkin pudding in the autumn months.
These cupcakes are the bomb and the owners are even sweeter than the cupcakes...just don't try to pay with large bills.
This is where I go to get my sugar fix during afternoons at work. Cupcakes are solid, cheesecakes are so rich (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try all the cupcakes!!!!!
Awesome cupcake at an awesome price.
The sunshine cupcakes will change your life.
Move over Magnolia--get your red velvet fix here! Tasty treats for cupcake lovers of all kinds!
The pistachio bundt is out of control!; fave cupcake is peanut butter and strawberry, hands down!
my fave cupcake place. beats magnolia by miles! fave flavors: pistachio, and the sassy bob with the almond cream frosting.
Pistachio. Period.
You have made a wonderful decision. Pistachio for sure. Sassy>Sexy Red Velvet.
The banana pudding is ridiculous. Signed,Southern Belle
Saigon sauce is great. Beef is tasty.
Big fan of the Hot Asia sauce. If you're going to get Wok you gotta get it spicy
Lamb over rice with a salad is the only way to go. Ask for pita on the side.
Waffles are superb. Go easy on the nutella. Don't sit in the tight ass seat near the doorway.
The chocolate and peanut butter one is my favourite!
Waffle comes with free coffee, but you can tea (with honey and milk, yum) if you want :-)
Chocolate pudding is definitely worth having!
Wow, some delicious Belgian pastries and puddings made by Israelis. Definitely worth a visit!
Pistachio cream puffs. Do it.
Try the banana pudding! Tastes like mom's!
Best cream puffs in NYC!
Best cream puff anywhere!!
Best waffles I've had in nyc
Yummy food! Great Pre-Fix Menu, and Happy hour!!
Try the Manado Spicy Duck Curry - Just so so so... (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sundanese Rujak - Jicima and other good stuff  (via @Foodspotting)
Who would figure that I would order a burger at a Asian restaurant?  One of the best burgers in NYC,  it is a must have!
Satay!!!! yumyum (˘̩̩̩⌣˘̩̩̩ )
Omg the wings amazing and the fried rice is perfect. Eat it and love it
Amazing pad thai!
Drunken Noodles, and Pot Stickers! Oh and Thai Iced Tea!
"Chicken nuggets"
Great dumplings, 5 for $1.00 and very juicy inside
Great fried dumplings!
$1.50 Vegetable Lo Mein. Great on a cold day. $1 soup too!
Creme brûlée and the earl grey chocolate make me smile - 4/5 noms
Wow - blood orange truffle absolutely amazing.
White truffle macaron, doesn't get more decadent than that
Service is poor. Crappy little place and liars regarding the google offers. Racist indian employee.
The creme brulee chocolate is an explosion of goodness in your mouth.
Get here early for the best selection.  Don't forget to hit up the midtown location.
Claire Robinson is sweet for the handmade confections at Kee's Chocolates on Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate. We recommend the Creme Brulee Chocolates. Find more tips at FN Local.
The macaroons are very sweet but otherwise lack distinguishing flavors. Not recommended.
I def want to try the creme brulee and many other flavors I'm afraid to try! Can't wait!! choco-gasm!
Come early (early to mid-afternoon) for the Creme Brulees. Or call ahead to reserve your favorite flavors before they are sold out!
If you haven’t had the crème brulee or yuzu chocolates you haven’t lived life to the fullest. -Malika Ameen, Top Chef Just Desserts
Smoked salt, passion fruit, green tea! You'll love all the yummy chocolate here! Better than the other shops around. And I'm not just saying that becuse I work here....oh and Kee is awesome.
Don't bother with the flavorless, stale-seeming macarons.
Lavender & creme brûlée chocolates are awesome but brûlée sells out quickly so beware
Must try chocolate
Chili truffle!
Get the saffron honey
They don't do half plates no more
It was great. Awesome brunch and endless mimosas/ Bloody Mary for $20! Only bad thing is its cash only.
Get a table near the back and unlimited brunch rocks! Great service, beautiful waiters and yummy food!
10 dollar steak Monday!!
Go for meaty Mondays, awesome discount on great steak. Order ile flottante for dessert, only place in NYC you can get this Paris shiz!
Amazing brunch! Go there!
Amazing little French Bistro. Love it and the food is amazing
AMAZING! The chicken was amazing and the waiters are also incredibly nice and french!
nice outdoor garden in the back.
$10 steak Monday's - Winnah Winnah, Steak Dinnah
Fantastic food but terrible service.
Enjoy the super cute French waiters, and the delicious steak frites! And sit out back if it's nice out!
The goat cheese salad and french onion soup are the greatest
Brunch. Bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's with your meal. $19.95. Nuff said.
Best drunk brunch in the city. Fuck Sunburnt Cow.
Get the roast duck! It's enough to feed 3 people. Huge.
The food is delicious. I really recommend the egg benedict with bacon. Bon appétit
Casimir103 Ave. B (btwn 6th & 7th), New York, NY 10009(212) 358-9683   casimirrestaurant.com
$10 for any steak on Mondays, but the service is horrible every day.
Come before 7pm to get their prix fix menu with appetizer, entree and dessert with coffee for just $19. YUM!!
Great, both hip AND kid friendly! Get the duck!
Service sucks! So does the omelette. And the coffee.  :(
Just be 100% sure you are ready to spend 3 hours with the person you're with.Slowest and worst service imaginable.Run even faster if the poser with the thick-framed glasses is your server.Food is ok
Reasonable prices, cozy and romantic without being too crowded. I'd bring visitors here for a good French experience. DUCK CONFIT!! And good French onion soup.
Great French Toast
$10 steaks Monday night, Sit in the garden
Steak tartare, yes. Profiteroles, yes. Sold.
Excellent Croque-Madame in the backyard!
Ask to sit in the back garden
delicioussss steak tar tare.
Enjoy the awesome pink walls.
despite its shabby looks, the food here is good
Skinny Cow treats too!
Free bottle of Acqua Panna w/ samples of mushroom ravioli!
You really can't beat lo mein for 1.75!
If I'm not ordering a breakfast sandwich, I'll have one of their bagels with their tuna salad. Not bad if you ask me.
This place is amazing!
This place is the best - the salt bagels are so yummy and the sausage egg and cheese sandwiches - yum!
Best bagels
2 eggs on a bagel with bacon and cheese and coffee: 3.95
The plain tofu cream cheese is amazing.
Try not to get the old guy... he skimps on cream cheese!
Best bagels in the city.
Everything bagel with tuna salad is the key order here.
A simple plain bagel with veggie cream cheese is delicious.
Baked salmon salad = deliciousness
Great food, atmosphere and service.
Old style New York rudeness..
Mango paprika is great!
Mango paprika is so good!
got a small piece with chai spices. good, but pricey.
Try the mango paprika slates and the pina colada inspired choco crumbles!
Serves Harney & Sons as a tea special.
I haven't tried their coffee here but they do have soy milk since I had their soy chai tea latte which is amazing! Made with care. Great service and one of the best corners for coffee or tea in LES!
Nice soy chai tea latte, friendly service and great atmosphere
Hipster heaven! Loved the chocolate chip bananabread. Mmmm...
Nice and quiet, free wi-fi but outlets are few and far between
A great coffee shop if you want to grab and go, relax and chat, or get some work done.
Green tea lemon ricotta cookie to die for! Also strong aromatic iced Americano.
Take Granola and the French Toast (best I've had)
Try the vanilla bean syrup in your coffee. It is out of this world and they make it in house!
Best breakfast sandwich ! Really great quality food and fast delivery
Vegan bagels and tofutti cream cheese! There's downstairs seating if there's none upstairs.
Good for work, free wifi with purchase.
Don't buy anything here that requires preparation unless you are unemployed / on vacation. NO SENSE OF URGENCY.
Love the ice coffee with coffee ice cubes
Staff were extremely friendly, space is very nice. Small, but if it gets too crowded, there's space downstairs, and just quiet enough for a meeting or to get some work done! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I like this place, but it's super slow.
Egg-in-a-Hole: DO IT!!
Breakfast burrito is unreal!
They don't allow laptops after 5pm during weekdays and not on Saturdays because they get so busy.  Just a heads up. Great place though!
One of the best cappuccinos I've ever had, an I consider myself a connoisseur. They also play a great selection of jazz in here.
The iced coffee is the best because the ice cubes are frozen coffee. Also, the salads are fresh and absolutely delicious.
Eat their granola with yoghurt before you die.
WiFi is great in the basement (behind the counter)
Get the mozzarella press sandwich!
There's a cozy downstairs area behind the counter. If upstairs is too crowded go there!
Croissant with avocado, cheddar, and tomato. HEAVEN!
Só cá faltam os pasteis de Belém! Grande ambiente
Lovely house! Delicious hot chocolat.
Perfect spot to hideout with a coffee, catch up on some reading and have a lazy Sunday. — David L., UX
Uncomfortable seating, unremarkable but serviceable food, neutral service and watery average coffee make this (inexplicably) popular cafe an aggressively mediocre breakfast spot.
Closed.. good thing too, they had really lost their mojo.
Go for it all is wonderful -
Go to Knife + Fork and try the six course, $42 tasting menu.
Recommended for a post club (2am) breakfast.
This quaint (diplomatic definition for tiny) venue is extraordinarily LARGE in personality and flavor in the food. The libations and service are on point: what more can u ask 4!!
The healthy bowl was really good and didn't make you hate yourself. Will get again.
Decent. The nachos and home fries were good.
Cafe 7A's brunch is off the roof! Go for a hearty serving of brioche french toast, crisp home fries, and maybe even a mimosa or two or three.
cheap brunch, but the food was pretty meh. I'd stick with basics (pancakes, bagels, toast).
Oddly cooked food. Underperforming servers.
This place honors the classics. Next time you Shazam a jam know that the best prolly sampled it. I.E. Leon Haywood's "I want'a do somethin freaky to you" is Snoop & Dre's "Nuttin but a g thang"
Vegetarian nachos and moz sticks. Do it.
Vegans: this is one of the few East Village brunch spots w/ a tofu scramble (kinda off menu).
Try the California Omelette (via @Foodspotting)
If Bronx ale is on tap its auto...
They have an awesome brunch deal. 13.95 for entree, coffee/tea and beversge. The salmon Benedict has the best hollandaise sauce. I've tried a few places and I always come back for this. Try it!
I don't smoke weed but my friend convinced me to eat some THC candy and i got really high and we came here and the Christmas decorations scared the shit out of me.
Rum butter! Make sure u get it!
Boooooooooo!
Can we talk about how the back walls are covered in drawings of fingers? Kinda cool though. Google the artist, fingers are his thing...
Chicken wings are good, and buffalo wings for a late night snack.
Vegan tip: create a tofu scramble, it's off-menu!
Happy Hour Sangria. Get it.
24/7. Very convenient for late night weekend drunk food. Perfect. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
shrimp and avocado benedict for brunch! mimosas are so-so but the bloodys are good.
The roasted pepper eggs benedict is the way to go. You can get it with shrimp too.
Awesome burgers and nice outdoor seating for hot summer nights. And the best thing? It’s open 24 hours a day!
Lobster quesadillas!!!!!!!
Their burgers are delicious! We love cheese so our all time favorite is the blue cheese burger. Yummy!
Have the waffles with rum butter!
The best Ravioli Romano i've ever had.
Lobster club with fries!
Lobster fan? Who isn't?! Try the Lobster Club for some really big chunks of the good stuff! They def don't skimp! ...w/avocado, crispy bacon & salad, in layers of toasted pumpernickel mmmmmm
Don't bring shoes.. they will be stolen
Love this place. Nice staff, they remember their regulars, but place is small. I eat here frequently
Good spicy tuna roll. They have a lunch special 7 days. 2 rolls for 9.95 and 3 rolls for 11.95
Waitress - so rude it was funny... And this place... Eh...  CRAMPED!!  Will not be back... Although I did like their ginger dressing... =) (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Waitress - so rude it was funny... And this place... Eh...  And CRAMPED!!   Won't be back...
Woooooooot :-)
Great food and very peaceful but not enough room to manuver around.
Good service, good sushi. Not a good place for a group of people though, only has five table and they're all for two people. Still really cute and authentic
Great little sushi alternative quality at fair price. A few tables, mostly take out.
Try the Complète - Breakfast in a crepe. Yum! And perhaps the best place to eavesdrop.  (via @Foodspotting)
Service was unfriendly
Great food! Sandwich was tasty and crepe was good, aside from it missing the blackberries and blueberries that were supposed to come with it
not enough nutella in nutella crepes and not enough cheese in the asparagus crepe. disappointing!
Cappuccino is awesome
Be prepared for less than stellar service. I ordered veggie omelette & received a ham & veggie. Waitress reluctant to change the order. Didn't refresh water until I flagged her down. Disappointing
Hazelnut ice cream. That is all you need to know.
Greek frozen yogurt with the day's freshest berries. Since discovering this a couple of weeks ago, it's a challenge not going everyday!
I love working here! So come see me and get some good food!
It's cash only, but the crepes are great and the espresso is less expensive than the Starbucks next door.
Ask for the cheese cake ;0)
cappuccino and complete refreshing salad.. |
Great, cosy cafe - always friendly service!
delicious ! fish stew... w/ salad.. <@lunch>
cappuccino and complete refreshing salad.. | Outstanding hospitality !! |
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Great cup of coffee anyday and beef burgeon on Wednesday!
Pain au chocolat is delicious! Intimate yet comfortable & great  friendly service.
Quiche of the day with fresh fruit & salad. Order ahead for Corsican fish stew!
Amazing frozen yogurt with fresh fruit. I get it almost every night. So refreshing!
Open past 10! Good Cappuccino
Their Strawberry Shortcake is a great summer dessert and perfectly sweet.
You'd be insane not to get the beet and avocado salad
Crepes are excellent! Ask Craig to show you the back room.
Complimentary glass of wine for us. Ymmv.
Cozy tiny antique cafe
Small but always friendly service.
Huge fan of the cold dill cucumber yogurt soup. Also, the little chocolate chip cookies.
ANNELIES PASTRIES got a health rating of A with 9 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/22422
Good consistent coffee. Try the butternut squash soup.
Best strong ice coffee and love all the pastries!
So good! All home made Pastries and sandwiches. I recommend this place if you need good fast food!
Best sushi in New York.
Hidden sushi gem, come for the lunch special between 12-2 on the weekdays. Miao soup, 10 pieces, and a roll for 20 dollars instead of 200!
Amazing. One if not the best I've had. Highly recommend.
Hidden gem. Favorite sushi in the city. Delivers impeccable, traditional sushi at a quality that is unmatched.
Kurumazushi is a culinary heaven. The fish is amazingly fresh! We saw the most beautiful cut of o-toro imagineable when we were there, an ate several pieces of the hamachi.
Try the pear for dessert
A serious sushi experience. Sit at the sushi bar and follow the delightfully entertaining sushi chef's lead with the omakase, but watch out: it gets expensive fast.
Everything is super fresh
Fantastic omakase but go elsewhere for dessert.
Order the sweet shrimp if it's in season.  It's a must.
They are out of business. I'll be the Mayor forever! Mwahahaha
Jachnoon on the weekend. You need to share or you'll never finish your main.
This is a favorite neighborhood place of mine. I love the combo platter and I also like the ambience.
Best falafel sandwich in the city, but it's not on the menu. Ask for everything in it (French fries, humus, tahini, salad... Mmmm)
Jachnoon and chulent on Sunday is a must. Also grab a limonana.
Slow service, food was ok, waitresses were unfriendly
Really slow service. Been here for 32 mins already and still no food.
The food here is amazing. Try the hummus, Turkish salad, creamy eggplant, lamb chops and chicken livers.
While here make sure to order a #springmango juice with the schnitzel and baba
Sanitary inspection grade: B
Little bacon cheeseburger, grilled onions, mushrooms, pickles, BBQ sauce, & regular CAJUN fries!
Fast but good-share the fries.
Great cheeseburger
Over rated
La pswd per il bagno é smp la solita 14725 ;-)
Excellent! Best hamburguers ever!
Good burgers..fries are not worth the price
Cheeseburger Very yummy :)
to eat burger
Bacon cheeseburger!
Nice burgers, cant complain..
Stay away from the women's room!
Bathroom pass code is 14725
Amazing burgers!
Free wifi from Starbucks next door..
The trick to eating the fries is to get the small & 2.not use the ketchup but to pick up whatever drops from the burger with the fries. That's why 5 doesn't need forks.
The other ones are better.This loc not built for Times Sq. Very hard to get the free peanuts. Have to squeeze through for everything & way too packed.
New in times sq, across from amc theater. Its spacious, clean, and didnt taste greasy. The soda machine was pretty cool. Fries were fresh. Better than bleecker location.
The first Five Guys to hit Neon City and I'm loving it
The green coco juice is fab, comparatively speaking.
Love this place - wine drinker... Come here!
Worst. Service. Ever. The wait also lied about having beer.
Just visit. You will love everything.
The Parmesan platter is amazing, ask for honey. It's nearly a pound of cheese, and goes great with a bottle of wine....
Great food, great atmosphere, friendly staff. Will definitely be back.
Try the Spaghetti With Bottarga - A good way to end a long week or kick off a good weekend. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Baby Octopus - Melted celery and red potatoe salad. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Octopus (via @Foodspotting)
Food and service are the best!
Loved the ambiance & had great service!
The scallop appetizer is outstanding, the garganelli is amazing.
Barman knows some awsome mexican stuff
The eggplant and olive appetizers made my eyes roll into the back of my head.
Try the shrimp appetizer and/or the Grilled Octopus.  The fettuccine is really nice too.
Brunch unlimited Bloody Marys, Mimosas, Screwdrivers for $18
If you want an AYCD brunch, this is the place to go. Refills abound.
Good food but very loud place. It must be the unlimited brunch cocktails...
The best place in new york...im italian!
Average at best. Not coming back.
Love this place! Everything is yummy. Service is friendly and good.
The Weekend Brunch is awesome!
Try the pork stuffed olives.
Try the orecchiette with lamb ragu. Delicious! Whole restaurant has a great atmosphere.
Try the Grilled Octopus and Fettuccine alla Bolognese!!
Not sure why people are saying it's unfriendly... I had good service.
Tried octopus for the first time and it was great. Try the burratta and meats...amazing. Had the gnocchi for an entree and it was fabulous.
Food is excellent but service...not so much
Try the braised short ribs with steamed cabbage and Lambrusco. Phenomenal!
Try the braised short ribs with steamed cabbage and Lambrusco. Phenomenal!
They lost our reservation for 8:30pm. Waited another hour before we got seated. Meatballs were dry. Braesola was medicore. Pasta was way too salty. Good wine selection. Wouldn't go back tho.
Get the Lomo Saltado. You will not be disappointed.
Skirt steak San Pedro is ridiculously good.
Get the kosher burger.
Great quality food but service was pathetic.
Always save room for dessert!
Always something new to try.
Fajita Steak Salad
Service, presentation, and food is fantastic...Iced Tea and Sangria is a must-try!
The spicy tuna roll is great..
Chili bison is awesome.
The brisket egg rolls are among the best kosher dishes you'll ever eat
the smoked short ribs are a must!
Great food!
It's closed Xmas....
Dehydrated kale is good!(even though it looks gross)
The marinated kale salad is delicious. I usually mix it with the pico de gallo salad, with no dressing, so the flavor isn't so strong.
Almond Butter Cup is filling enough to replace a meal. Also taste awesome.
The new quinoa salad is great
Ask for apple carrot pineapple juice!
Drink your salad is delicious and gives you a little pep!
The "love at first sight" drink is great
Try The Meal. Very refreshing. Not too sweet.
Omg the Hawaiian healer is amazing! Ginger and pineapple, odd beautiful couple!
It's like a nicer Zupas.. But not realty. Try the Chicken Balsamic Avocado sandwich.
Spinach & kale soup is a must have.
No lines before 12pm.
I dropped a Collectivus Orange Fishie Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Try the Dec soup special of the month, brings you right back to childhood with the creamy tomato and pasta o's!!
It's as if my mum flew all the way from Australia and made me the chicken noodle soup I've missed.
One of the best healthy food chains out there. Can't go wrong with the 3 Lentil Chili & Balsamic Chicken Avocado Sandwich we had to choose just one - Halstead Property "Your Neighborhood Expert"
Best soup: artichoke cheddar. Mmm...
Try the Mac & Cheese soup. Its delicious!
Love the macaroni & cheese with beef soup. It's a treat - very rich.
Coconut chicken soup!
Get the four cheese sandwich.  Cheesy and amazing.
its open 24/7 :-)
Good food but WTF? Twice in a row they overcharged, added fee for the pita when I got hummus, and tried to short me money repeatedly-I looked at change and he said-Oh, I owed you $1 more. Try $3 more.
I had the best lamb of my life here, and I'm not a food slouch. Get the lamb and cous cous. Moroccan food doesn't have much heat to it, so ask for some Harissa to spice it up. Waitress is v friendly.
Ask for grilled veggies with the falafel sandwich. It's a million times better than the plain one.
Too bad the only vegetarian special is falafel. But that is truly yummy :)
Always get a side of cous-cous!
Try the falafel special, you get fries & soda with it for $5.
Adorable atmosphere. Sangria is excellent. A pizza and salad shared between two makes a great meal. Great find!
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Healthy Meal and Best Pizza!
Ambiente familiare, personale gentilissimo. Pizze ottime e dolci squisiti. Consigliatissimo!
Quaint little pizzeria with an old-Italy vibe. Got the prosciutto and arugula pie and the small was perfect for two. Great for dates.
Arugula salad and loaded pizza were terrific
Small and nice place,Good pizza, price little bit high (for cheaper and same quality you could go to Grimaldi close to Brooklyn bridge),also they charge 20% tip automatically..accept credit card
Check-out the Pizza Parma & Aurgula! Very delicious!
The pizza .... Is almost as good as it is in Italy!!!
Nice and intimate atmosphere where you can really enjoy your delicious, personal sized, brick oven fired, Pizza Del Nonno.
Very tasty pizza. Roasted fennel, great idea but sliced way too large. Hot Italian sausage is an awesome topping. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Really cute little spot! The pizza is the perfect size for one person or a great snack when shared.
Heaven on earth, from food to staff to music; all way too good
Get the home made chilli flakes.... amazing!
Great atmosphere!  And the specialty pizzas are EXCELLENT!  I especially love the TV in the back!
Cannoli best I ever had
It's a boy.
Per tutti gli ITALIANI: qui troverete la vera pizza italiana. La mia favorita è la Pizza del Nonno. Unica pecca: accettano solo contanti!
Awesome pizza crust. Get the prosciutto and arugala pizza.
A must try! Will be coming back!
Had the Pizza del Nonno, really nice! Panacotta was good too
All you need to know is that they make their own pepperoni, red pepper flakes, and dried oregano in-house. PS: octopus carpaccio
All you need to know is that they make their own pepperoni, red pepper flakes, and dried oregano in-house. PS: octopus carpaccio
Number 1 restaurant on Tripadvisor for NYC!
Try the sangria del nonno pizza and tirimisu!!  So fabulous!! And ask for Luca :)
Tiramisu, chocolate mousse and cheese cake - to die for!
Only good deli where you can get half a pastrami sandwich (more than enough).  Bring cash.
Our waiter Billy was fantastic. You must have a sense of humor. He recommended food, and gave us a bit of history. Food was fantastic!
Try the blueberry cheesecake it's pretty big but a nice price and flavor
Hellish slow service in the morning
Mish mash is super filling and delish!
Sandwiches are MASSIVE! Come hungry.
Delicious food. Horribly unfriendly wait staff. They look at you with a murderous expression.
New York cheesecake here the size of your head. No joke!
Pastrami and corned beef is amazing. Pricey but you get what you pay for. Huuuge portions. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Pass up this place. Pricey and service is horrible. You will feel like you are in an old folks home. Horrible.
WORST SERVICE EVER.
Best Sandwich pastami!
Very average pastrami sandwich. Doesn't deserve to be on top 10 lists.
Our waiter BILLY was rude and unpleasant. He kept forgetting coffee, coleslaw, and always made an excuse why he didn't have it.  When we asked for a soup spoon he said, "I only have two hands."
Overstuffed sandwiches. I love their fresh turkey
Which celebrities have sunk their teeth into the Stage Deli's famous Reuben sandwiches? Join The Late Show with David Letterman Adventure on SpotDash to see for yourself:
Omg...pastrammmmmmmi
Try the chocolate egg cream!
HUGE sandwiches!  Delicious cheesecake!
Bartender was so kind and wonderful. Very different from other staff I have experienced here.
Try the pastrami with Russian dressing and coleslaw! You won't be disappointed.
Best Reuben in da world
Order the Larry David it is full of sarcasm
chicken noodle
Really expensive but u get alot for your money !!!!
Another deli on the list. But this one is the place to visit if you're looking for one of the best open-faced turkey sandwiches.
Conann O'Brian is the bizzness
The pastrami sandwich is so tasty and very thick!! I absolutely loved it!
Go for the half regular sandwich and matzoh ball soup. You'll go home full... and with half a sandwich!
Real celeb haunt on occasions, go 'all the way' but don't get chips with sandwich...they are more than enough for any man. Bumped into John lariquette!
Coldest Diet Pepsi cans in Times Square
They don't really use the long chopsticks how they should but the result is nice anyway! And after midnight is half price lol
"Sole" is a must plate. A little far from the night-life but still...
Try the Sexy Lobster Sushi Roll - #yummy #love the #sushi here!!!  (via @Foodspotting)
Kobe ribeye.... Absolutely wonderful. And expensive.
Chilean sea bass is the best fish I have ever eaten. Negligent not to get it. Wonderful ambience.
Ruby red dragon cocktail.. The best!
If you're staying at Four seasons they will deliver to the room.
Very trendy place to dine in...make sure to get reservations during weekend
I was disappointed by the service. Our food didn't come out at the same time, and we barley saw our server. I understand it was a busy night but for a restaurant of its caliber I expected more.
Tao NYE 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Amazing food and wonderful ambiance!
Peking duck is really good however the dish is a lot of skin compared to meat oh and tortillas instead of rice buns??
Lugar maravilhoso, animado, sempre com pessoas jovens e bonitas. Adoro o cardápio deles e o atendimento é ótimo ;))
You can book the Sky Lounge for events up to I would guess about 25 people. Then enjoy the view from above.
Great ambiance! The lighting is intimate and fun! Would go back every night!
Get the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables. It's absolutely amazing!!!! It melts in your mouth and has just the right kick of flavor. Supposedly people travel to Tao JUST for this dish!
Giant fortune cookie is awesome! Try, you never regret:)))
Food is great, onion ring and avocado tempura are delicious, crab cake too!
Sashimi Of Kobe Beef with fresh wasabi sauce- Mmm Mmm good. Will have you feeling nice 'n' light before a fabulous Thursday night out.
Try the slot machines above the toilets in the mens bathrooms!
Remember : yang is for men's restroom!! And yin is for lady's
Chilling-high and glamorous!!
The best food and atmosphere in New York City.
Sea bass was amazing...BE AWARE bill adds up very fast
lunch special is an amazing deal!
Last night was Tao! Amazing ambiance!
Get the table On the first floor and order the sea bass!!
Sand Pot Lobster, Shrimp, and Scallops with Black Bean Sauce = AMAZING !
Since you're in this posh area, are you looking for a new home? Contact Antonio - your guide to boutique luxury service in NYC real estate. Adelrosario@ADRnewyork.com 917-680-3382
Despite what some people say...  Yin is girls bathroom. Yang is guys!  Remember it by yang rhyming with Wang!
Best restarant with no doubt. Very very good sound and not far from LAVO ;)
Wanna celebrate a Birthday or Bachelor party? Maybe you just want to join the guest list? ill make sure u will get a VIP treatment :) feel free to text me 609-271-3368. Or find me on FB: Ofer Krespi
I love that this place is a nightclub. I went here for lunch, during the day.
Be prepared for an awesome time and a 2 day hangover.
If you're not coming for the party then I don't really know why you're coming. "brunch" is just another reason to party.
Eggplant parm is fantastic!
I promote here and 30 other nightclubs in the city if you want to avoid long lines and have a great time i will put you on the guest list just text me 9176515482....
43% of men admit to having at least one binge-drinking session in the past year. 29% of females admit the same (2012).
Very nice.thanks
Pizza is fantastic!
Trying to avoid a creepy guy? Hang out by the bar in back, the guys there aren't into girls.
"Lavo" means “I wash” in Italian, yet for some reason, the Saturday Champagne Brunch is not the picture of purity. Restaurant slash nightclub, with Pastis-esque trimmings upstairs.
LAVO New Years Eve 2013 at Monday, Dec 31, 2012, 08:00 PM.
A nineteenth century Italian Bistro and the ultimate Subterranean playground.
Yemekler harika ,ortam harika,tatlilar olum grubuna aday daha ne demeli mutlaka denenmeli
Great spot to party!  If you want to reserve a table or get on the guest list, text me at 646-479-9853 or e-mail me at jay@bdbgmarketing.com.
If you want to get on the guest list or reserve a table text me at 718-490-2109 or email me at MikeKanevsky@gmail.com. I will make sure you have a great time.
Hi, i am a new European Skin Care Salon in Manhattan
Great place! The brunch is to die for.Best meatballs, garlic bread, best everything.  Lavo is by far my favorite restaurant/club.This is the hot spot right now so lets get this party started
skip the bar, go right to the food. top notch italian inspired. DJ's are great, but live music awaits you nearby...like Roseland...
Adorei esse lugar. Razoavelmente novo  em NYC e do ladinho do querido TAO!!
Deep. Fried. Oreos.
oreos and milkshake are a must
Wow. Absolutely delicious. Great decor and service.  I recommend the decadent sea bass 110%. And the strawberry shortcake.
16 oz meatballs are called 16 oz for a reason... theyre HUGE. ALWAYS split, have a bite and stick with the raw bar appetizers. Enjoy!
So nice!! Lovely place
Chocolate Cake and Fried Oreos:)
Best carpaccio EVER (Y)
Try the Tuna Tartare With Avocado And Arugula - 1 of the benefits of working in the Hearst building - great chefs visit the cafe sometimes. This was superb. (via @Foodspotting)
Since you're in this posh area, are you looking for a new home? Contact Antonio - your guide to boutique luxury service in NYC real estate. Adelrosario@ADRnewyork.com 917-680-3382
Planing a Bday or bachelor party? Or you just want to join the guest list ,book a table, or get bottle service txt me at 646-675-6414 and I'll make sure you have a good time.
New Year's Eve 2013 at The Volstead at Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Delicious spicy tuna tempura app--over warm, crispy rice! We went for lunch and blue chez salad was good. Waitress with curly red hair was super nice and cute!
Great environment! Try the Baja fish tacos!
Incredibly dark.
Way too loud.
Right balance of atmosphere and price.
Service is too slow.
Venue is nice - sound system sucks.
Tuesday, July 19th music by Q-Tip, Grammy Award-winning hip hop artist, producer, singer and part of the critically acclaimed group A Tribe Called Quest.
Tuesday, July 19th music by Q-Tip, Grammy Award-winning hip hop artist, producer, singer and part of the critically acclaimed group A Tribe Called Quest.
Food is fantastic!
Volstead is past its expiration. Its too bad.
Great club, awesome DJ's, the food is good. Try the Nachos... Bartenders rock... love the tatts on one bartender.. and she is delivers drinks at lightening speed
The door men are really nice outside, the at the bottom of the steps are power hungry
The waitress with the fish tattooed on her back and the stars on her face was super rude
The only food you should order are the slides and fries which are great, everything else is cooking by a blind monkey
If you order a drink be prepared to wait 20 min to get it. Or just go to the bar
Do not order any food
Grab all your girls and head to this swank basement spot for $6 cocktail happy hour. Your wallet will thank you. Try the Tickled Pink if you love Vineyard Vines and Lilly Pulitzer.
Yum tuna app! And hummus very tasty!  Drinks R NOT strong at all! But nice place!
DJ RaiZe Rockin' each and every Friday night! www.djraizenyc.com
Best dirty martini ever!
Unless you've got something against the French, get the French Dip.
I got the hummus the hummus!!!!
try the 2007 Leaping Lizard Pinot Noir if it's still on the menu. Flinty, fruity, balanced Pinot.
The Volstead Lemonade makes the trek to mid-town totally worth it.
get two orders of nachos if you go with Dara.
the nachos are AMAZING!!!
Seemed like they used old mushrooms in their Wild Mushroom Soup, caveat emptor.
Try the falafel sandwich! yummm
Really friendly staff and food is fresh and tastes good. Like their chicken salad sandwich!
New, and creepy clean.
Bring back 50% off burritos !
Amazing burritos, soups and salads. A great lunch spot!
House combo salad Greek and spicy = cheap and amazing
Love the fries.
Deliciousness. Love the Greek salad with lamb. The spicy hit sauce is HOT so I recommend getting that on the side.
House salad with chix -$6 and huge
Awesome food!!!
Chicken over rice.  Yum!
Greek salad with souvlaki and the works cannot be beat.
First food truck I've seen where all white chicken meat (breast) is served. Not many carts can boast about the same. Spicy Greek sauce - mind blowing! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The chicken rice platter was very tasty. Smoky and tender pieces of chicken, grilled onions, tzatziki sauce, and hot sauce on rice and salad. Only thing negative is the rice is lacking a little...
Get the "Triple Threat" on top of your platter - Tzatziki, BBQ and Hot Sauces.
Second place in the 2011 Street Meat Palooza.
AH you can order online?! That's awesome!
These queens boys don't mess around... Possibly the best lamb gyro I've ever had.
Take advantage of the specials when they have them!
Great home-made tzatziki sauce! Order Uncle Gussy's online at foodtoeat.com
Great home-made tzatziki sauce! Order Uncle Gussy's online at foodtoeat.com
Deluxe combo and drink: $8. Probably best and mist filling meal I had in NYC
Souvlaki over rice with feta and the works.  The best $6 lunch in midtown Manhattan.  Just be sure to get there early as the line gets crazy after 12.
Awesome lamb. Very friendly service. Delicious sauce and great price!
Souvlaki over rice was pretty good, can't beat the price.
This place has the best Souvlaki, the tzatziki is excellent I have never seen a cleaner cart Standing on 51st and park avenue. amazing. The rice is off the hook.
Got an energizer smoothie.. Was pretty good!
Prices went up 20% last week on everything. Overpriced.
Try the Chicken Breast Platter - With baked fries and steamed vegetables (via @Foodspotting)
Bison burger over done and no flavor.  Requires a tub of their organic ketchup to mask the frozen meat patty taste. Fries are baked and flavorless as you would imagine baked fries to be.
Turkey meatloaf is the best!
Mango black beans side is light and refreshing.
Not bad if you are into health food.
Enjoyed my turkey burger. It was well seasoned. The "baked, not fried fries" weren't anything special though.
Receive their emails and you can find out when they lower the price on certain items for a limited time
The open fridge for bottled beverages doesn't work. All the drinks are warm. All the time.
Veggy chili is yum
Delicious. The BBQ turkey burger is amazing
$5 burgers for the month of April (BBQ Turkey, Supreme Sirloin and Buffalo Chicken only). In store only.
The Kitchen Wrap is great and only 454 calories.
The burgers taste like they're made by lean cuisine and the smoothies are watered down. Gross.
Dorie Greenspan is back with her pop-up at this Park Avenue hair salon. New cookies include Brown-Sugar-and-Spice Jammers and Peppermint-Chocolate Sables.
Skip the sandwich, get a cookie (Oatmeal chocolate chip preferably).
The meatball is on point.
The sandwiches are great, my personal favorite is the Mediterranean + Turkey. I'm not sure if the smoothies are really that healthy though.
Get the "wreck" with the works. Trust me on this one.
Love the pizza sandwich, just wish they had a slightly larger size. Add bacon for extra goodness!
Buffet is not available on Sundays! Lame!!!
Delicious buffet. All you can eat!
Good neighborhood pizza spot. After 10:30pm all slices are $2.50.
Wtf, only instant coffee?
Decent pizza, fills you up
Take the trip to familia pizza on 96 and broadway.
Not the greatest but if your looking to get full it does the job!
Ok. Not great.
Get the Grandma pie.
Where my pepaws at!
Surprisingly tasty food, nice classical music and friendly wait staff make for a nice place to unwind after a long day.
Best Hummus in NYC
Falafal combo at $4.50 is the best deal in the hood!
Staff here are so nice and the baba is the best in the hood!
The falafel sandwich is FANTASTIC!
The falafel combo with tabbouleh and baba ghanoush is my favorite falafel in the city so far.
Veggie platter is on point! Crispy falafel with creamy hummus, yummy
Get the shish kabob with hummus and a touch of hot sauce. You will never get pizza after work ever again and become addicted in no time!!
Just walk next door to Pier 79. You will be able to take a boat on the weekends to Sandy Hook! http://www.nywaterway.com/sandyhook.aspx
They sell Yolato now, since April.  Nice.
Excellent chili.  Very meaty ...you could eat it with a fork
If I were you order the SEPH ALLAN CREATION - DISCO FRIES WITH BACON AND CHICKEN!  YOU WILL DIE... Loving it! ;) UGH... I'm in heaven. And I'm gettin it To-Go!
Good, cheap food!
Try the Penne With Chicken In Garlic Oil Sauce (via @Foodspotting)
I'll never again want a burger that doesn't have chili. Soooooo good!
This is the best diner in the neighborhood
A very good place to come when you're drunk and food quality is of unimportance!
Yumzo! For a cheap treat after industry get a BLT. Just enough to cure your drunken hunger. :]
The Stuffed French Toast is delicious!!!
just great!
Great variety of tasty food at good prices!
The fettuccini al salmone is the best pasta on the menu
Peanut butter shake
The hot spot after the club. Cookies n cream shake is a taste of heaven when you're wasted :)
Don't get the garlic burger it's wayyyyyy too garlicly
I am never satisfied with the food here. I only order because it's near my house.  Milkshakes and smoothies here are decent.
Substitute sweet potato fries for regular fries
The black waitress is the most amazing waitress I've ever had in my life! She is Everything!
The butternut squash ravioli is amazing!!!! Has a hint of maple to it----  I can't get enough!
Great place to come for a late night meal that is a step above your average diner.  Try the Wild Mushroom and Truffle Ravioli. And ask to sit in the back, if it’s open.
Enormous portions. Like the mussels and the caesar dressing.
The avocado shake is the jams.
Great food and service. Beer list is Small but everything else was great.
The peanut butter pie is extrordinary.
Great brunch
Pizza burger!!
This is the BEST diner in the Kitchen.  It's immaculately clean and it has a fireplace in the back.  The staff are so nice.  The fried zucchini sticks are to die!  I've been coming here since the 90's
Love the turkey bacon!
The potatoes are nice and crunchy here. Solid brunch food. Also, the strawberry banana drink is great
Worst service here!
Best hummus in HK
Get the Sirloin hummus and a Pometini!
WiFi password of "Patron Mexican Grill" next door is "patron123" ;)
Far enough from Times Sq to be relatively tourist-free, but close enough to be a great pre-theatre casual dinner spot. Great sangria and great music.
Jarvis is the sexiest, most bomb man ever =)
Super healthy salad!!!!!
Hummus Platter!
No pita during Passover.
Everything on the menu is great. Excellent service & clean, nicely decorated space. Absolutely worth checking out.
Sit in Jarvis' section, he's fierce and black, so no doubt you'll be taken care of!!
The Moroccan wrap is incredible
The brunch is amazing. You get a tasting of all the apps for $14.
Great lunch specials incl $3 sangria.
Shack'n the shukka.  Sometimes its a little watery.  The lemon arak is good.
The owner/manager needs to be nice to her customers and waitresses.  Food is good however but tough to go back after watching needless abuse
Good food. And if you come for lunch you can get the shakshuka and it comes with an appetizer, great deal for the uws! Don't go for the cauliflower tho, mine was burnt.
They serve this drink with white wine, sweet vermouth, pomegranate seeds, little rose buds, and other stuff. It's delectable.
Sangria is aces - you'll want a pitcher. We had the falafel wrap and chicken hummus. Both highly recommended.
I can't eat hummus from the grocery store now because I've been to the Hummus Kitchen. Sangria is $3 with brunch and 2.95 during lunch. Just thinking about the chocolate cake is making my mouth water.
The food is amazing, servers are friendly, and has a great ambiance. A+ establishment!
The waitresses are great. The manager/owner sadly abuses them and her customers creating a rather unpleasant place to eat. Too bad, because the food was really good. C'est la vie.
Best pita in the cityyy
All of the wait staff (myself included) can't wait to serve you delicious food!
End your meal with turkish coffee.
Molten choc cake. good enough to smother your face with it.
Strongly suggest this and Hummus Place for great hummus in the city. Nanoosh is right up there too.
Get the Hummus
Very slow service. AC doesn't work.
Sure, the hummus is great. But if you're looking for something special and super healthy, try the Shakshuka for lunch or dinner. Delicious and unique.
Go here for the best $12 brunch in town!
Least expensive (and good) coffee in the neighborhood.
The pasta deal is a great one! Penne, vodka sauce, tomatoes, shrimp, spinach, and mushrooms.
They have the best chicken noodle soup.
Love the hazelnut coffee, the staff is friendly...but be forewarned, they struggle with the idea of "dark" coffee - you say dark, you'll get light, and they're genuinely shocked you'd want it darker.
Absolutely delish. I highly recommend the chicken finger, French fries, and an extra helping of their honey mustard!
Get a whole roasted chicken, Mac & cheese, and a Salad.$22.. Last time we went we got mashed potatoes and they were FAKE, NASTY!!  Great chicken!!
Healthy fast food options here.
Get the chicken strip meal. Huge portions - enough to take home for later.
The sauce is Chirping Chicken’s signature- slightly tangy, smoky, and sweet, it is wonderful on the crispy skin of the chicken. The chicken, regardless of whether it’s dark or white meat, is always...
The sauce is Chirping Chicken’s signature- slightly tangy, smoky, and sweet, it is wonderful on the crispy skin of the chicken.  It's always succulent and well seasoned, never a dry bird here.
The coupon on their foursquare is NOT valid they had no idea why it was on here. @*#&%*#-@&
They're food is good. So wasnt their service but recently they take for ever to notice you because they're on their phones and not careing. They have been rude and sloppy. I hope they fix it
Some combination of entering at 2 am with semi-attractive women led to free drinks, mac and cheese, and other sides. The free food just about compensates for the sexist slurs shouted as you leave.
Больше никогда. Удивительно невкусная еда громадными порциями.
Good chicken but horrendous service, a totally unorganized disaster
quality fast food, their chicken is amazing
Char-broiled chicken...a classic since college.
Phone orders are almost always a bust... Unless you speak Spanish.
Friendly staff. Keep in mind the rice is not vegitarian .
I love the chicken and grilled vegetables, perfect post workout meal!
pita bread is awesome here
The best food on the uws!! I am never disappointed. Love the chicken strips, sweet potato fries and lemonade so delicious.
Finger lickin good!!!
A great no nonsense restaurant where you can get a delicious whole roasted chicken and all the fixings at a very reasonable price!  Dinner is served!
Best chicken in the UWS.
Try the grilled veggies. AMAZING! Olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
Chicken nuggets are tasty as hell. And great unsweetened iced tea
Pepsi Pour!  Huge portions. Mac and cheese = yum.
Grilled chicken strips with side, water and soda (if you want it) for about ten bucks. Plenty to eat.
I stopped by yesterday and it is still a dump, but it serves the best chicken in NYC, hands down. Go for the cheap lunch not for the atmosphere, you will be glad you did. Walk over from the Museum of
Great place, but their idea of a Caesar salad is a normal salad (tomatoes, Italian dressing!) + croutons. Ouch.
What a catastrophe! First they served me lamb. I didn't realize I ordered the only non chicken item. Then I barley made it home to relieve myself of stomach pains. Never again!
Chirrrrrrrrp, m'effers. What you know about moist ass chicken?
Far none one of the best chicken joints in the city. Great that they added a salad to my meal which was a surprise! Got crowded at times though, so off-peak hours is the best times.
You should try the pizza. I've had a couple of  different slices, and they were all really good!
So great for breakfast! Burritos are amazing and cheap!
If you're ordering Sicilian slices, do it before 12:30 when they're still fresh
They cook their roast beef in house. Perfectly rare and amazing.
Food was horrible, eve. Though service was great. Do not order the bucatini
No matter what u do in life, u must get the baked tagliolini... One of the best things ever made!!
Impress a big client with lunch at this chichi charge-the-expense-account landmark. Dine on decadent fare and rub shoulders with the "Manhattan elite" as you put your negotiation skills into play.
Bellini when I say: get the chicken club sandwich.
Best Bellini's!
If you come to dine, do NOT expect to park here. You should've been driven by someone like me.
THE BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN NY!!!!! MY FAVORITE IS THE ONE THAT ITS IN FRONT OF THE PLAZA!!!! THE BEST BRESAOLA I'VE EVER TRYED...EVEN BETTER THAN THE ONES THEY SERVE IN VALTELLINA, ITALY!!!
“El caso Thomas Crown”: Thomas Crown (Pierce Brosnan)  y invita a la detective (Rene Russo) a comer aquí. Ella aprovecha para abrazarlo y robarle la llave de la casa para hacerle una copia y entrar.
Try a Bellini from its creator, add the Baked Tagliolini! It's an unreal venue in the heart of the city!
Order the Mangorita.  It is like a Margarita but made with Mango juice. Be nice to Sergio, he is amazing and he will take care of you!
The peach bellini is a must!
Order their signature Bellini. Best in the city.
Ummmmm.... Amazing.
Want to try everything on the menu!
Veteran owned and operated your not just buying a New York staple you supporting heroes that served our country
Chocolate croissants are quite good
PB & Nana Protein Shake. boom.
I am having fun with this! A lot of coffee over here! No sleep tonight!
The latte I had here was perfect
Oatmeal raisin cookie + chai latte = lovely combination
One of the best espresso places in NYC
Vegan fruit bar !!!
The apple fritter is a piece of greasy bread heaven.
Morning Boost + Peanut Pleaser = The Reacharound. Ask for it by name. They love that
The finest in people watching can be seen here.
The have atleast two more locations, 44 and 6th, 24 and Park
Try the Peanut Pleaser! It's sure to, well, you know..,
The morning boost smoothie is delicious! Tastes like liquid granola with berries
It has been said before but the dirty chai is delicious!
Unlike its food cart relatives, the glazed donut here is made with delicate care: light and delicious without being overly sweet.
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Try the chai tea latte!
This coffee is 100 times better then starbucks
Everything is better than Starbucks...and cheaper!
If you're going for a reg coffee, get the dark roast. Mmm
Get the peanut pleaser. It's delicious.
Just ordered the strawberry, blueberry, banana smoothie-AMAZING!
The S'mores cookie is amazing!!
Super awesome Dirty Chai here.
The WEP code is the phone number!
Try the Hit & Run!!
Best coffee!
The Kenyan cold brew iced coffee is to die for!
Best coffee!!!!
very friendly staff and fabulous espresso!
Don't be fooled by the overpriced Stumptown beans. Had to explain how a macchiato is made.
The Best Wrap in NYC is hidden inside DKNY on 60th and madison. Have Zach make you a very berry and a wrap with his special to-die-for salad dressing. 100% organic, I wish I could eat it every day.
If their moving slow order your food and use wait time to browse the sale rack near the far window!
Hidden cafe bar with amazing and fresh wraps, salads and smoothies
Call ahead to avoid the lunch time rush. I love the chicken wrap with goat cheese.
Fresh, healthy sandwiches and salads. But Beware! They only accept cash
Bring back the foie gras roll please!!
The Fish Soba Salad Is Mind Blowing
Not sure why eat-in orders get part of it in take out containers. Cucumber salad bland
The fois gras roll was a bit too sweet - felt like eating a pb&j roll, which might be too weird even for me!
The Fried Chicken roll is better than the Chicken Caesar, assuming you want to try any of the more 'exotic' options.
Delicious chirashi with excellent fresh fish & warm rice
The "salads" on the lunch menu are just vegetables in mayo.
Listen in on French conversations.
Inefficient check out system: they should have a separate line for people who are taking ready made items. Otherwise you have to wait for people to place their order with the cashier.
Mango tango roll!!
Their lunch special (sushi box and 2 sides for $15) isn't a terrible deal, but they don't have avocado/cucumber rolls, so vegetarians will be out of luck.
Foie gras sushi with figs, need I say more?
Try the Thai-style roll and spicy miso soup!
Sushi is fresh enough, okay quality, wish if you eat in you got real plates and utensils. Very confusing menu.
This Parisian sushi chain has opened its first U.S. outpost in Midtown. Self-service, takeout and delivery options are all available.
The gourmet French sushi chain opens their first US location. Take out/eat in for lunch, waitress service for dinner.
The lunch special for 14.95 is a great deal for sushi and its made fresh.
Spicy miso & sashimi tuna
The burger is perfect - salt content to bun to onions at the bottom of the burger.
Excellent food, good music, a must go place here in NY
Adorable store and very helpful staff!
Best garlic knots in town!
Some of the best pizza in NYC and awesome people!
U kiddin me?!? The best slice in NyC, Handa down'
Try the BBQ chicken slice. To die for
Delicious pizza for a pretty good price. I suggest the sicilian pizza
One of the best slices on the upper east side! http://www.mecritic.com/places/place/580138/John-and-Tonys-Trattoria-Caffe
An intriguing pizza parlor with very good food, eclectic music, and all sorts of characters. My favorite in NYC. PS: I've never been here before midnight.
Best late night spot in the area...you can get either some amazing slices or really good, old school Italian.
The best pizza whether you're getting dinner or stopping in late night for a slice!
a quick place to pick up food
They have closed. :-(
For the best buffet food, go between 12 and 1pm.  Big construction go to for lunch so the food goes quick sometimes!
the croque is bomb.com
best baguette in NYC . The gruyere and swiss cheese  bread is outstanding.
BYOB until they get their license
Adored the crabe y guacamole. Perfect nosh for light lunch!
Perfect place for breakfast meeting, girls lunch/brunch or anything involving parents. Exceptional French desserts and pastries, great steak tartare and excellent gazpacho.
Really let down - not nearly as good as the Paris or Tokyo locations. Staff seriously lazy. They don't seem to have any interest.
Try the pain aux raisins.
Very good baguette and financiers
One of the best baguettes in the city.
Best baguette in the city, no joke.
Try the croissant aux amandes!! Croissant & pains au chocolat are a little bit dry, but I'm sure it's because it's the first days...
Try the Croque-Monsieur. I promise it's like none you've ever had in NYC. They serve it Tartine style- so not overwhelmingly heavy but incredibly rich
Besides the sweets, don't forget the freshly-baked breads. (Though hit the sweets first.)
Opening soon!!
Baguette Monge, viennois au chocolat blanc are everythingggg.. Authentic Paris pastries and baguette
Pain de Gruyere = to die for. Your mouth won't know what to do except smile :) Get a loaf to go if the bakery line isn't too long. If so, you can buy at the table at restaurant price for $0.50 more.
Cheese Bread, Baguettes, do it!
Reasonably pretentious as could be expected but the baguette was good and the steak tar tar appetizer was JUST RIGHT with a little salt & pepper
Bread basket is great.
the croque is bomb.com
best baguette in NYC . The gruyere and swiss cheese  bread is outstanding.
BYOB until they get their license
Adored the crabe y guacamole. Perfect nosh for light lunch!
Perfect place for breakfast meeting, girls lunch/brunch or anything involving parents. Exceptional French desserts and pastries, great steak tartare and excellent gazpacho.
Really let down - not nearly as good as the Paris or Tokyo locations. Staff seriously lazy. They don't seem to have any interest.
Try the pain aux raisins.
Very good baguette and financiers
One of the best baguettes in the city.
Best baguette in the city, no joke.
Try the croissant aux amandes!! Croissant & pains au chocolat are a little bit dry, but I'm sure it's because it's the first days...
Try the Croque-Monsieur. I promise it's like none you've ever had in NYC. They serve it Tartine style- so not overwhelmingly heavy but incredibly rich
Besides the sweets, don't forget the freshly-baked breads. (Though hit the sweets first.)
Opening soon!!
Need to buy two, one is just never enough.
It is closed
Tasty risotto balls
That spread was amazing....  Thanks John O'Neil
Try the Rosemary Lobster Fricasse - Amazingness (via @Foodspotting)
Prosciutto parmigiano reggiano and arugula pizza all the way!
The little hidden take-out stand offers cheap slices, which get cheaper after 3. The cheese, tomatoes, and toppings are all top-notch, but the crust is the best part: amazingly doughy and springy.
VPN accreditation aside, the regular New York slice is more authentic, truer to type and just plain tastier than the Neapolitan pies
Located by Grand Central, sit at the bar up until 7PM and get great drinks and FREE freshly baked, thin crust pizza…but be warned, you have to get your game face on when the pizza comes out! —Nicole
$2 dollar pizza after 2pm.. You can't go wrong!!
The white pizza here is amazing!
Really good Italian in the base of the Met Life building, adjacent to Grand Central. Surprisingly good pizza, pasta and salads. Gets super busy at lunch. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Yum. Have the tiramisu to cap things off !
For anyone who cares, the management here is horrible...
They serve pizza by the slice.
Skip the sit-down Neapolitan pizza. It's got a tough crust and isn't that good. Where this place shines, though, is the NYC-style slice in the take-out shop. It is absolutely sublime. And cheaper.
The lasagna is a spiritual experience.
Nice pizza, but a slow service. Took me almost one hour from the order to the pizza
The Bianca Prosciutto pizza is a well balanced meal that is beyond delicious!
Cheap pizza after 2pm! Get in my belly.
Go there during happy hours to get Mozzarella di bufala and beer specials. They are actually very good.Usually lousy and crowded at lunch time. Very close to Grand Central.
If u can stave off ur hunger, come after 2pm for $2 slices!
The pizza is awesome.
The white pizza with pesto and artichoke is mmmm
Great food, great pizza!!
Best Arnold Palmer I've had
After 1p the pizza is $1 butttttt you have to tell them to warm it up bc they will serve it to you cold.
This place is pricey and non-delicious. I got the 2 for $14 appetizers (ahi tuna and calamari) and both were bland with zero seasoning. I get that salt is bad for you, but come on! How about some lemo
Finish your lunch with a perfect espresso.  I added 2 teaspoons of hot water.  Just right.
The lasagna was perfect! Juicy, tomatoey and herbtastic!!
They deliver!
Allow ample time for weekday breakfast.
Sam the super is great!
The service was great, but the food was awful. My enchiladas tastes like plastic, and even the beans and rice (shouldn't be too hard at a Mexican place, right?) were gross.
More than just a taco place, good spread with fresh ingredients
The restaurant itself is very small, only a few tables. One guy acts as waiter and takes phone calls. Recommend getting the food for home. Meal was excellent. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This hole in the wall has some of the best cheap Mexican food in NYC.
Flautas are great- very crispy, well seasoned. A very good rendition of the flauta, better than most you'll find in NYC.
Decent little place. Enjoyed sitting down at restaurant more than ordering in at home Some times food is really tasty, other times not so much. Still, I like it.
Fantastic chilaquiles...
excellent sandwiches, decent tacos
Tough, fatty, overcooked lamb kabob...cold rice. Also cold stuffed pepper!
Get the desserts. The Persian ones.
Best Hummus I've ever had.
The chicken shish kebob and rice are SO good!
I don't think this place is as good as the midtown ravagh, but it's acceptable.
Raise your hand if you love Persian 'dammed' tea! Well, this ain't it.
Very nice for brunch. Good vibe. Portions are very generous.
Got the smothered chicken sandwich with mushroom gravy. Was GREAT!!!
Get a table with Kristin! She's amazing! So polite! So wonderful!
Order the french toasts with strawberry!
Delicious brunch! They have international sodas!
Don't miss the turkey leg dinner!
Expected much more from the biscuits and gravy here. The fresh squeezed orange juice was the most enjoyable thing here.
For the indulgent types, treat yourself to their sausage gravy smothered buttermilk fried chicken. It's amazingly flavorful and never disappoints! –Dara
Deep fried pickles, sausage, fries, sauerkraut and 4 kinds of NY beer.  Hooray for gluttony!
The fried pickles and spicy mayo are a - mazing. A must eat!
Get the rosemary vodka lemonade and if you order an entree you're best off sharing as they are enormous! Honey chicken biscuit sandwich gets my vote
Amazing food but even better customer service. Jacob is awesome. Our food took a bit long to come out so he gave a us a growler worth of beer on the house!
Eat anything on the menu ... You wont be disappointed
Get the rum and root beer to drink and the chicken with pickles and honey biscuit to eat...soooo tasty!!!
Sprecher root beer on tap! It's like I'm back in Madison. Get the root beer float; you won't regret it.
Bacon Egg Bloody Mary. Enough said.
Come hungry. The portions are massive.
So much good/Southern/comfort food hear. Must get the Spicy Pickle Margarita to start. Move on to the Biscuit with Fixin's then finish with fish tacos or the salad with salmon. Yum & yum!
Check out what Chris Rock and Bobby Cannavale ordered during a recent trip to Jacob's Pickles!
sooooo glad I discovered this restaurant. fried pickles are the best
The chicken is off the chain
Get the turkey dinner and/or honey mint julep!
Order the hot sauce. Makes everything even better.
Meh .......
Try the honey chicken sandwich and the caesar salad. Portions are very big here. You won't leave hungry.
Never been to a bar that has tried so hard to be Brooklyn before this
The moonshine is really good and tastes like apple pie!
twenty-five taps. great fried chicken. great sausage gravy. house made jam in squeeze bottles. super chill vibe. biscuit doesn't make the list, but you should still eat here.
UHHHHMAAAAZINNGGGGG
Sandwiches are huge- split something if you're not starving. Same goes for the side of fries- it is enormous!
5$ Card minimum :D
Come in, get McWhatever, eat and bounce. You don't come here for culinary delights ; )
This place is the worst. There was blood on the toilet seat. In a bathroom that looked like it hadn't been cleaned all day. They ran out I all meat but angus meat and their wifi didn't work.
Now they have an A!
At one point, this Mc Donald's had a 'C' rating from the New York City's Department of Health Mental Hygiene restaurant inspection team. The worst waiting in the city at that time.
went to get the usual mcfrappy
Food was tasty but service was very slow. I like live music but this reminded me too much of Bar Mitzvah music, and brought me back to when I was 13 in a bad way.
Terrible service, and bland traditional Italian
Atrocious. If you are going to offer a groupon/travel zoo deal, you should be able to handle the volume. Waited 55 minutes for appetizers, were about to walk out when entrees were served.
Try the Nino's Signature - Tender filet mignon & buttery Maine lobster tail. Best dish I've ever had.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the insalata di mare - Fresh seafood tossed in a blissful vinaigrette. Heaven.  (via @Foodspotting)
Went here for Restaurant Week 2011 and the service was great. The meatballs, rigattoni and chocolate mousse cake was amazing.
We love Nino's!  The staff are amazing and who doesn't love Italian food!  For a limited time $75 will get you a 3-Course Lobster Dinner for 2 w/Wine, Reg. $212.  This deal is available for a limited
This place is absolutely amazing.  You have to try the banana flambe.  One of our new favorite places!!!
The private chef-room is great if you want to have a serious business conversation.
Have the stuffed mushrooms or become one!
Best brunch ever! Had meatballs, macaroni and cheese, and margarita pizza..fabulous!
The Mac & cheese by Frank Linn is to DIE for! Prepare thineself for multiple foodgasms & ask for Stephen, he's the BEST SERVER EVER! <3
This place is terrible... I hope our waitress was on drugs... If not there must be something really wrong w her....
The lemon chicken was delicious. Also try the mac and cheese. Stuffed mushrooms. Red velvet cake for dessert!
Have a glass of the Montepulciano (divine) and the baked lemon chicken.
Try the Chef Art's Southern Bread Pudding With Bourbon Sauce - What a great dessert!!  I can go for some right about now!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Joanne's Macaroni & Cheese - Italian style mac & cheese!! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chef Art's Wood Oven Baked Focaccia - There's something special about freshly baked bread! (via @Foodspotting)
Lady Gaga's parents have opened this Italian restaurant on the Upper West Side. Oprah's former personal chef, Art Smith, is doing the food.
Is this really Lady Gaga fathers restaurant?!
Avoid the school hour rushes, lunchtime and right after school the deli is infested with bands of geeky teenagers!!!
Really good stir fry options - very nice (and delicious!)
50 cent HALF of a buttered roll.. There was barely any butter on that bitch anyway
No table service & lines r out the door during lunch.
Over priced, the cashier which is hard to understand changes the prices everyday. And who has a 7 dollar min on ATM charges? Avoid.
The deli prices change depending on who you have and the day of week. A roast beef sandwich can range from $5 to $7.
Solo para conprar bebidas y alguna fruta. Es medio caro pero siempre esta abierto.
Great Mongolian grill.
Never call in an order to this place. The phone is answered by the cashiers @ the front not the guys actually making the food. You order will be messed up without fail. Just walk over and save yoursel
Expensive, but there's nowhere else to grab a sandwich or tossed salad in the area. Don't miss the Mongolian BBQ, but pass on the sushi.
My new favorite place! The pizza is amazing and the staff is super nice
Favorite spot for a slice of pizza near the Met
Marinara slice was as good as those I had in Rome and Naples!
Best pizza-by-the-slice in NYC!
I'm told they have Roman-style pizza.
if you like thin & crispy (italian, not nyc-style), farinella has easily one of the best slices in the city. if you like spicy, try the amatriciana!
Tasty, a little different but pricey
Thought the margherita slices were great, crispy crust and tasty.
Boa Pizza, ótimo Pit Stop pra quem saiu do Metropolitan e quer conhecer um pouco da UpperEast Side passeando pela Lexington! Aaa e da para ganhar um badge aqui!
Italian hero is legit but hot subs ar BS. Meat and cheese microwaved and slapped on a cold bun.
Mini bagels are a must if you have kids. Also, where else can you get a whole wheat sesame or everything bagel??
i went on a hunt for the best bagel and lox in nyc, and this came out the winner!
best bagel and lox in nyc
If you have to leave your apartment at 6 AM, come here for bagels fresh from the oven!
The place where all of my bagel dreams come true. Try the everything bagel with scallion cream cheese. Don't forget a cup of iced coffee, too!
Get any freshly made bagel--well worth the trip uptown, and the line if there ever is one
Don't listen to the person saying that they're rude. H&H staff have never been anything but friendly to me. They rush because they're a well-oiled machine and are used to it
No need to get the bagel toasted, they're good as is.
Everything bagel is great here
Everything bagel is the way to go..
Whole wheat everything, toasted, with scallion. Every time. Perfectly crispy, loads of cream cheese. The line moves very quickly - these guys are consumate pros.
Everything bagel has the "everything" on both sides and it's awesome.
Whole wheat everything with walnut raisin cc - delish.
They DO NOT have bacon egg and cheeses. No matter how many times your friend tells you that they do, you will be forced to get a regular bagel. So beware.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ... they screw up orders and then claim you're trying to get something for free when you ask them to fix it.
Amazing bagels!!! Great with baked salmon salad
On your way to Harlem to catch the M60 bus to La Guardia? Stop at this bagel shop for breakfast first. Not affiliated with the original (now closed) H&H bagels, these guys still serve a great product.
BEST BAGELS IN NYC!
night staff are rude! even if theres no line they will always rush you like its a 911 emergency.
best bagels on the UES
Best Salt Bagels Ever! Add slice of cheddar cheese = my morning is complete!
The Best Bagels ever. Ask for Poppy seed bagels with Roast Beef.
The best. Always open.
Tofu scallion cream cheese all the way!
This place is amazing. I live right near it & can smell the bagels being cooked all night long. The everything bagel here is the best in the city
Perfect for a Saturday morning hangover
Bagels blah blah. The magic is at around 5:30am, fresh warm challah. Dip a piece into your giant jar of Nutella. Food for kings..
Try the grilled pork belly - On a hot slab of stone. (via @Foodspotting)
I love the whole wheat everything bagel.
Be prepared before you get to the counter. The staff here is like a machine and hates wasting time.
$4.25 for bacon 1 egg and cheese.. Way too much!!
Here's a pro tip - use the free hand sanitizer on the door to the interior of the building on your way in from the subway. You'll feel clean abd fresh as a morning "sunrise" at Sunrise Deli.
Eat some food!
Omg WAY too expensive!!
I'm a loyal customer for 5 years and was wrongfully accused of asking for 7.50 credit.
too expensive and prices are never the same
Ask for the mustard. Nom.
Eat food here. No Dancing.
Best Coffee cart plus you always get service with a smile :)
Try the chicken tacos
The rotisserie chicken goes fast. I had the goat, avocado salad with rice and peas and of course, sweet plantains.  Very authentic Dominican food!  Yummy!
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Soup!
Combinación pollo y chorizo.  Delicioso!
I LOVE their salcocho! Esp. w/white rice.
One of the best and most consistent Spanish restaurant in NYC. The chicken with onion and green peppers is a great selection from their vast menu!
On a budget? You need go any further than this local neighborhood eatery serving up authentic delights from the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, and Cuba. Try the Roasted Chicken! AMAZING!!!
Good food; language barrier distressing.
Roast chicken goe quick so try the. Black squid ink rice with calamari. It is slammin!
The roast whole chicken with yellow rice and black beans is delicious and more than enough for two people!
The best $9 you'll spend on a roast (rotisserie) chicken on UWS
I tried something very typical: mangu con 3 golpes. So far the most delicious around, though difference not too great. Must say the Mori Sonando was delicious!
Everything on the menu is delicious.  Just one more example of why the cuisine in this neighborhood is amazing.
So many great things to order - where to begin. The roast chicken of course. Incredibly authentic and delicious. Pork mofongo is great (with the sauce). Try the Tres Leches for dessert, one of the bes
one of my favorite places, one of two restaurants in Manhattan, Good Dominican food.
order mofongo with every sauce they'll give u. delish. even the chicken mofongo is yummy. try it!
great cuban food. recommended by friends roast chicken and plantanas were good, but beef and pork looked even better.
Be careful.  This place is fishy.  Curry fishy.
best lunch spot for salads and sandwiches
I got my porky badge here!
Try jumbo strinf with semen sauce and sashimi!!
$10 worth of food when u download the level up app today 2/10/12
The Baja wrap is delicious.
Sm ice coffee is $1.75. $1 cheaper than Dunkin Donuts and much stronger too
Piss poor pizza and terrible beer selection. Don't get either of their signature pizzas.
their special pizza is to die for
Carbonara was to die for! Best I've ever had! Pizza was pretty great too!
Holy amazing pizza batman!
Great place to get a square grandmas pie
The managers and waitresses are extremely nice. Food is delicious . Drinks are good no matter where I go!
Awesome thin crust pizza and the seats outside are great.  Try the tivo white pie with fig compote, bleu cheese, and prosciutto.  Yum!
This pizza is amazing. Perfect crust, exactly the right amount of ingredients! So fresh, I am still flipping out!
The pastas and pizza are both great! and a good deal!
Evening outside seating is enjoyable and the white pizza is fantastic!
Go for the Malbec... Delicious!
Insanely great pizza!
Penne rigate.  SOLID!
Good pizza
Good Pizzas!
Liquid lunch! Amazing pizza.  Beware, there are no personal pies.  get ready to share!
Meatballs, chicken salad with avocado & malbec by the glass were very good.  Nice venue.
awesome pizza and outdoor seating!
24 hours of fresh delicious food. Better than the average deli. Awesome breakfast. Super clean.
egg n cheese, toasted roll. bkfst of champions for the sleep deprived and hungry.
Boar's Head Deli Meat ! Yummy
High priced items and bad customer service.. Just when I thought the.new management was going to be different. This business is going down.
The Huevos Rancheros is delicious.
Weekday self-service is kind of slow and boring, even at the height of lunch hour. Older clientele. But so delicious!
On weekday afternoons, the restaurant is a self-service cafeteria. Try a Brisket with Roasted Onions sandwich.  Evenings are a bit fancier and more expensive.
The roast beef hash is killer! (via Scoville)
Go for brunch. Very tasty!
If your here for brunch you have to get the roast beef hash with poached eggs and blueberry pancakes, for the table. ;-)
As the Mayor of Crown -- I can only suggest that you see either Elizabeth or Philippe for any issues,.
John DeLucie latest culinary show is housed in an Upper East Side Townhouse. A must try is the Hudson Valley foie gras terrine garnished with white peaches and rack of lamb with nepitella pesto.
Delicious burger!! Good service  and perfect ambience ;-)
Style over substance. Don't bother dealing with snooty people to get mediocre fare.
Self-indulgant behaviors have never been so encouraged or more appropriate in a place like this. This fine dining experience should be on everyone's to-do list this year.
The second restaurant by Chef John DeLucie has recently opened near Metropolitan Museum: be sure to order Heather Bertinetti’s desserts
Led by hotshot restaurateur and chef, John DeLucie, who was responsible for The Waverly Inn and the Lion, the Crown exceeds all expectations, that suffice to say...
Led by hotshot restaurateur and chef, John DeLucie, who was responsible for The Waverly Inn and the Lion, the Crown exceeds all expectations, that suffice to say...
Same owners as Lion
Many of the aged totems of the classic uptown dining experience are present on the slightly more prosaic entrée list, including grilled Maine lobster; several cuts of decent, beefsteak
A great destination to meet fellow well healed individuals
Amazing, well crafted cocktails. Try the clover club and an aperol sour.
Chef John DeLucie's latest resto, Crown is bringing the cool kids uptown. It has already hosted the likes of Madonna, Gwyneth Paltrow and Karl Lagerfeld, and is the latest seen-to-be-seen spot.
Decent Starbucks, not a huge problem getting seating - good friendly service. Bathroom was way gross though.
The best service of the several Starbucks within a few block radius.
Good comfy chairs and not too crowed in the off hours.
This is one of those rare NYC Starbucks with polite employees!
Lots of new staff. Bring your patience
Freezing, music too loud.
Free coffee when the comp breaks down
It's a Starbucks.
Best soda machine ever. Quick and pleasant service too!
Worst McDonalds ever: no credit cards accepted, no chicken, no ice cream. Blah!
The mac do it good for eating but this girls over the counter their really  rude but not all off theme but the mac do management they need to do some reality  check for sure their rude with customer
NO ice-cream, ALl toilets out of order
No one should be mayor of this place.... no one!
McDonald's 24 hours ... Keeping the UES fat
Avoid this place from 11-3
thanks for the add my dude.. you can request me on facebook if you like
Coke freestyle machines!
The new soda machine is sooo koool lol
Almost as clean and fancy as our Euro McDonalds'!
Dont believe the sign, Shamrock shake is not here. Been in there twice, both times the 'machine was broke.'
@2.30am maybe they're betting that you don't care what you're eating...Even after a few drinks, the southern style chicken was dry & 1/4 pounder was cold. Go elsewhere for your late night fix.
The McCafe Decor is a definite upgrade from the old school look. A much more pleasant dining experience.
Apparently open 24 hours now. I feel fatter already.
Yummy dumplings and great steamed dishes.
Decent bibimbap. It's not K-town, but it'll do up here.
Water was disgusting, waitress not very friendly all in all nothing special. Will not return here...!
3-6 happy hour and 12-3 am !! Great atmosphere and prices ! Buffalo wings r lush :)
The best service ever!! The girls are so nice and treat you like family!
Nothing like a holiday lunch with Gaelic burgers, Guinness, and some Kirsty MacColl and The Pogues on the juke box.
Try the chicken ceasar salad!!!!!!
Order guiness two at a time and they'll give you one free eventually!
No happy hour, but $4 coors lights all the time is pretty okay.
For my money, the best burger in New York.
Order a Filthy-Hoe (Guinness and Hoegarden)
the pan-seared salmon and salad with the fab balsamic vinaigrette was delish!
Go there to watch World Cup! They have a breakfast special for the 10 am game. It's really good food!
The wings are great!!
drink the Shiraz - the Cab is not that good.
Was surprised to see the place completely empty by 10:30pm on a Friday night.  The waiters made it painfully obvious that they wanted us to leave.  So much for the city that never sleeps.
Bring your wife!
It's a BG New York City Secret! The Post House is Shoe Designer Giuseppe Zanotti's lucky restaurant. He dines here every time he's in New York.
It's a BG New York City Secret! The Post House is Shoe Designer Giuseppe Zanotti's lucky restaurant. He dines here every time he's in New York.
Aged ribsteak a must. Martinis by the gallon.
The fillet is obnoxiously good.
Awesome steaks!!
OMG!!! This is the best place for lunch for restaurant week or any other time!! I had Cesar salad and filet mignon, it was superb!!! And a very very large portion. You must come here for lunch ;)
If you're looking for a luxurious afternoon tea, this is the place to be!
Now called “The most globally skilled chef” by fellow CIA grad Amanda Frietag, Chef Jehangir Mehta first worked at L’Absinthe after earning his degree. Learn more about the CIA’s Hyde Park campus:
brunch..the buckwheat crepes are to die v for!!
Call ahead to order the roasted chicken (it takes a while) and ask for the mushrooms "crispy"
Most delicious roasted chicken in NYC...ask for the crispy mushrooms!
Le foie de veau est délicieux, le poulet est présenté entier mais vous pouvez n'en prendre que la moitié !!! Très bonne adresse, nice atmosphere.
They offer a mouthwatering prix fixe not advertised on the web: Mon - Friday, three courses, $37.50.
A lot of food, not a lot of money. Dinners under $15. Lunch under $10.
Lunch specials 11-3:30pm; Happy hour drinks 50% off 4-7pm. Can't go wrong
The spicy tuna with jalapeño roll is delicious.
Great low-key sushi spot with really fresh fish. Spicy yellowtail was delicious and so was the homemade tofu.
homemade tofu is unreal
The best japanese in the neighborhood and never crowded. Good $10-12 lunch specials, too.
yum on the sashimi, clam miso, and lots of free tea.
Order the individual sushi pieces. The chef always adds a special touch to each.
Have the eggplant appetizer! (Yaki nasu) the oshinko pickles are the best kimchi I have ever had. Miso soup is also very tasty. Hard to go wrong with any of it!
Good Prices and excellent portions!!
Tell wee wee that Ryan didn't deserve to pay that tab
Have a cold beer or some hot sake at the bar and talk with Mucho. Also, yellowfin sashimi and sprout salads. Mmm
Their food is amazing and made by amazing people too
Wrong address... It's supposed to be 314 east 86
Conch and mussels are great!
The owner of Bogota Latin Bistro eats here and LOVES it!
Stay away from the rotisseried chicken, whether it's the sandwich or anything with it. It's horribly dry and tasteless. The burger, on the other hand, is fine, but get it at least medium.
Great tasting food and decent size portions.
Decent food for reasonable price.
The service is really bad!!!!
Michael is the WORST server ever!!
Our waiter and food sucked!! Will not be coming back!! EVER!!!
The only thing good here are the sauces. Chicken is DRY. Ribs has no meat on them. Servers could care less.
Muy bueno, racioens muy grandes y aros de cebolla muy buenos.
Yeeee! Coooollll
Food was ok ...service was horrible.
Slow service, but good food
The early bird special is great.
go Texas style on everything!
The best beef ribs on bbq i've ever had. Incredible!
The sticky wings are delicious, but don't get the brisket
Very tender TX ribs! Literally falling off the bone.  Don't bother with the garden salad though.
Early Bird
House special is a good deal
Steak was amazing !!!!!
Henny wings
20 oz beer...big as TX, yum! Bring the kids...fun, lively atmosphere & quick appetizer delivery!
best sticky wings ever. they are ginormous too!
When in NYC go Texas size with the margaritas
Mmmm Pineapple Crush, Cornbread and Crispy Shrimp
SHOUTOUT TO MIKE.....THE FORMER MAYOR OF DALLAS BBQ ON WEST 72ST
Sticky wings are good but that's about it. Steak was cheap and Ribs had no meat on them. Drink was strong that god
If you're there before 6pm, get the early bird special! Honey basted chicken, yum!
Try the Pineapple Crush!
It would be a sin not to order the sticky honey wings.
The service sucks, the bathroom is disgusting. The one on the East Side & in Times Square are much better.
The bagel with mozzarella, tomato & pesto was very good.
Easy online ordering for quick delivery... Sometimes it's just one of those days and you need bagels brought to your doorstep.
The whole wheat everything bagels are excellent.
If; you have forever and a day to get 1 bagel, go here. The slowest service around.
Speaking of bagels, how's your mom?
Such great bagels. My go-to is an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. So flavorful.
Whole wheat everything is all you need to know!
Some of my favorite bagels in the city...too bad the people who work here are D-Bags.
.......meh.
They don't have low fat scallion cream cheese. Bagels & co is far superior as far as kosher bagel places go.
Whole wheat everythings are stellar - seeded on both sides.
Weak excuse for a bagel & the FF cream cheese is terrible! (mealy/grainy)
Whole wheat everything bagel with scallion cream cheese.
Spiced pumpkin scones are the best I've had - crunchy casing, soft inside, subtle spices and sweet and sticky icing on top!
Service was terrible! Waiter never checked on us during our meal and it took forever to get our check! We missed our train.
Great emergency scone.
THE BEST SCONES EVER!!! Pumpkin is to die for. Their Vegan scones are outstanding.
Delicious scones! Great place for brunch!
Marielle is incredibly helpful, friendly, and tea savvy. Ask her to help you pick the best tea for your mood and taste
Whimsical is definitely the word here.
Make sure you get a scone.
Try the Mixed Berry Scone (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Homemade Granola - #vegetarian  (via @Foodspotting)
The tuna sandwich will change your life!  Try the chocolate chai!  Be sure to save room for chocolate mousse!
the scones are amazing!!
"Wee tea" or "small tea," for kids: a scone w/jam + lemon clotted cream, sandwich of their choice, a small pot of tea (which they can even do iced), a small chocolate mousse w whip cream + sprinkles.
Fairy wings and a little bit of girl magic. Teas sandwiches. Rice krispie treat Scones!
Best scone I've ever had
Sometimes customer service here could be really bad...
Try the pumpkin scones. Amazing.
Mad Hatter is the way to go. All the scones are delicious!
Try the pumpkin scone. Delicious and goes well with the cream and jam.
Brookies are bomb
Crepes are amazing! The atmosphere is great! I wish I had one of these at home!
The scones and mad hatter went up in price.
for all cake goodness you should try Chocolate Cake with Butter Cream Frosting! More tips & pics @ nomnomboris.com
a must stop for amazing tea at Alice in Wonderland themed tea shop. Best tea I've ever had. More tips & pics @ nomnomboris.com
Gotta love feeling a little like the Mad Hatter and a Mad Housewife at the same time!!!
Although the princess motif can be intimidating. Their extensive tea collection is quenching and tea infused egg salad sammie divine.
This lavender earl grey is perfect
Strawberry & Lemon Poppy Seed scone is to die for
Try the Yogurt Granola w/ Fruit - #vegetarian the best granola I have ever had (via @Foodspotting)
Most adorable place ever. The albacore tuna and banana nutella cake are NOM NOM NOMMY. :) Perfect tea party place!
Brunch is always great.  Nice service and no rush being that there's unlimited drink service on select drinks.
Slowest ever . dont bring kids. Slow drinks slow coffee slow everything. 30- 40 minute wait 4 food
$18 for unlimited drinks at brunch! The prix fixe menu is also a good deal, and the food is solid all around.
All you can draaaaaaaaaank for $18 as of press time
just saw how the manager fired a waitre in front of us while having dinner that was something really upseting to watch amd mostly something really bad to do in front of customers
Tooooooooo slow
For brunch the food is great, prices are very reasonable, but the service is super slow.
oh the unlimited peach Bellini was greatttt - get there for sat brunch and u won't regret it
I had the Rigatoni Con Pollo...so good. Our waitress was very sweet and was prompt with everything...would def go again!
Be sure to check the rating that is a C! But the sign is shadily facing away from the entrance so you can't see it. We up and left.
Absent minded day wait staff. Food looks good though, we will see
Sunday morning hostess can't handle her job.  Come early.
Early bird dinner special is unbelievable. 3 courses for 14.95.
Great pasta at a good price!
The ues Chanel manager loves this place!  ;)
Experience Europe style life at this intimate cafe with good music. Go in the morning for coffe and later at night for wine and food. Friendly staff!
The food is just alright. I wasn't too impressed.
Saturday manager is a total a-hole...beware
Try the bolognese - it's the best!
Get the parka pizza for an app to share. To die for!
Ran out of orange juice during brunch. Food is ok overall.
slow service for Sunday brunch. be prepared to wait for a while
Terrible service.
slow service but a luxe on a budget dining experience
The brunch food is way above average, but the place has a very odd atmosphere mix of casual/ formal. If you're underdressed, or try to be funny, it's as awkward as wiping your ass with sandpaper.
A great place for a lazy Sunday Brunch where you can enjoy unlimited drinks for just $16 per person!
We live around the corner and were really hoping this would become a regular haunt. Unfortunately slow service and below average food. Beautiful ambiance though.
great for boozy brunch with the ladies. $16 gets you unlimited refills of the alcholic beverage of your choice (bloody marys, bellinis, sangria..etc)
Anna the bartender is the best we've found on the uws.  Come a few times and you're friends forever.  Such a great experience at the bar.
Try their Bistecchina or Salmone ... a bit pricy but well worth the price :)
Please ask for the chocolate cake with green tea icecream, i just can't describe how good it is
Absolutely delicious!!!
The flirt is delicious awesome for an intimate setting
Best sangria. $3 during happy hour! ($6 other hours, not bad either)
Plenty of food for the price you're paying. The sake mojito is recommended!!
$8 lunch menu 11am - 4pm, includes appetizer, entree and dessert. $1 unlimited refill thai ice tea and soda :-)
Order from the weekend brunch menu. It's great and more unique than the other average thai place. Get the duck crepe, chicken french toast, or the american fried rice w/ chicken.
The lunch special is a great deal!
Afternoon special is great they do  free refils on thai ice tea.
Try the rotating selection of Belgian and domestic beers on tap.
$8 pri fixe lunch menus! Delicious
Wonderful lunch menu, big portions, large cocktails. The chicken and shrimp fried dumplings are delicious, get the italian custard dessert, pad Thai excellent. Love this place!
Get the sangria. You won't be sorry. Lychee, what?!
be sure to ask for the brunch menu. they often forget to give it to you.
Oooh I heard this place closed. Why? :( We were just there in July!
Okay clearly they have service all wrong never any consistent service!! Very misleading groupon never advised you of the rest. Policy of cash or Amex only very inconvenient !!! Service is terrible!!
This place is horrible!! SERVICE SUCKSS!!! After they "honor" groupon the charge you the tip from the prediscounted bill WTF!!! I regret spending my $$$ here. #Regrettable Dining 101
This place sucks. I wouldn't recommend it. We had to grab the servers to get any service. The "French" food was American at best. I will never come here again.
Good food and pleasant, accommodating service. It's sort of Les Halles lite.
The Groupons clearly state "cannot be used for prix fixe"
Avoid at all costs! Over-priced, nice atmosphere but food was sub-par
Upon seating you will be issued one grandma who is 60% creepy 40% adorable to accompany you for the entire meal (see pic). Shell also pre-chew your yum yums too, BONUS!
Beware the assWHOLE at the door. Asked for reservations when there were only 2 people in the joint.  His WHOLE asshole disposition was unappreciative.
Prix Fixe IS a promotion; they don't have to honor Groupon/LivingSocial for it. Prix Fixe is also now cash only.
Try the duck liver
First came here on a Groupon or Living Social deal. Now we love it! We always get great service and the food is always divine. Highly recommend!
Symphony Space members get a 10% discount on the entire bill at Alouette. Sign up and save!
The manager at Alouette does not honor LivingSocial coupons. He erroneously insisted that pix fixe dinners were excluded. He spoiled our dinner, and we have disputed our credit card charges.
When we presented the LivingSocial deal I had purchased, they wouldn't let us use it because we had prix fixe dinners. The deal did not say it excluded prix fixe, only other promotions.
Shrimp is a must!
Tuesdays free glass of wine with purchase of entree from 7 to 9.
$25 early bird prix fixe dinner includes escargots, hangar steak and other delicious French dishes. 5:30-7 PM Mon-Thurs, 5:30-6:30 Sat-Sun.
Red Dragon roll = amazing. This place was packed on Thursday and sushi place are a dime a dozen, so that says a lot in Manhatten. Great service, great food
Get the spicy trio
Get the seared spicy scallop roll. It is the most delicious thing in the world.
awesome sushi, come early so you don't have to wait. Super fresh fish -great place in upper east!
Really fresh fish
Truffle and spicy scallops are amazing! Byob and great prices!
Best spicy scallop roll I've had!
Truffle roll, every time.
Don't forget to get your pallete on mochi ice cream :9
Tasty fresh sushi. Truffle roll! Cash only, $18 min pp. No sep checks! Rigid BYOB rules (something like: 1 wine bottle per 2 ppl- A 6-pack counts as 1 wine bottle- No magnum or liquor bottles)
Loveee the spicy scallop roll ... cash only venue
Worst wait ever - make sure you don't stick around - just head to the bar and wait for them to call
BYO with great sushi. Yum
Small and noisy, but has my absolute favorite spicy scallop roll!
The best spicy tuna roll I've ever had!
Loved it! Sushi is fresh and service is great!
Dynamite roll rocks.
Try the Truffle Roll. It's to die for.
Save room for their Mochi!
The Ninja and Dynamite rolls are great here. Kani Kama is pretty good too.
if you like crunchy and spicy do the truffle roll...addicting
Sit in the smaller room for less noise. Finish up with mochi ice cream
Some of the freshest sushi on the Upper East Side, and it's BYOB as well.
Freshest sushi in the upper east side.  BYO and cash only.
Really, really fun place. BYOB and excellent array of custom sushi rolls. Can get crrrazy loud for a restaurant with all the hard, non-absorbent surfaces. Good start to an evening out on the UES.
Mezzanine seating is great. No way for the strollers to get up here!
2.5 stories with loads of seating... This might be my new favorite Starbucks to work in.
Staff is really nice -- lots of regulars
My favorite Starbucks in the city. Scooch up next to one of the hundreds of outlets, gaze out the window and write that novel.
Caramel makiato
Pumpkin Spice Latte is back. My favorite<3
If you're into the clover-made coffee, this location has it.
If you're using it for the free wi Fi, get there before 10 on a weekday. If not - all the tables are taken with people who sit for hours.
Try the Caramel brullé latte, its Great!
Get caffenated b4 heading south to Banana Republic, Club Monaco, Godiva and great shopping on UWS.
It's not across from Zabar's. Zabar's is at 80th Street
White Mocha!
This one is handy because it's directly across from Zabar's
I miss drunkenly getting this delivered at 4am. Best food.
They have cafe style seating outside on 86th street now! Fancy :)
Don't come late at night unless you want to hear the staff answer the phone saying "you want a burger? How bout I fart on ur dick." a bit unprofessional if you ask me...
Best diner in Yorkville! They deliver quick, got good food, and have good service when eating in. Popular for breakfast on the WE. Also recently renovated!
They redid the place. It looks great.
Great food that's FAST! A neighborhood staple.
The western omelet is real westerny
Get a triple decker sandwich. It's the most bang for you buck, and delicious.
The chicken finger platter - yes, that's a thing - will satisfy your hankerin' for fried friediness.
get the grilled cheese with bacon, best served at 4 am. great service, interesting clientele
Cream of Turkey soup on Saturday - the best!
Best Chicken Souvalki on the UES!!
Great place! Been coming here since I was a kid.
Check out the chicken -- full skin! And Stevia soda! And save room for the cookies!!!
Check out the chicken -- full skin! And Stevia soda! And save room for the cookies!!!
Sit by river side and enjoy the view
Had the special lobster and crab risotto.  Really good dish. Started with the scallops over lentils.  One of my favorites.
The gnocchi is amazing
Must get the blueberry pie! Holy crap
Christie is the best!
Try a bottle of Friulano crisp,dry white wine!
Best Italian place in NY. They do everything right.
I like the portabello and arugula salad
Cheese fondue!
Veal Ravioli with prosciutto cream sauce is incredible!
Chloe is the best waiter ever
Edward is the coolest waiter ever
order the duck ragu & veal ravioli!
Great food and cool place to have dinner or brunch. The menu isn't too diverse but what they serve they do well so can't go wrong. Chicken rolatini is bomb, veal niochi is dope, and pear salad is real
The fried olives are unique and a good way to start the meal before you start ordering.
Make sure to get a table by the window.
Veal or Sage Butter Ravioli... also calamari are great
Duck ragu!
Cheese plates!
Go to Cavatappo Grill and order a the spinach ricotta ravioli. If seafood, then go for the grilled calamari!
Arroz con pollo.  But really...it's all good here.
The pizza was so good today!!
You can get the Tazo iced tea in giant 32oz size for $1.75.  Best deal!
Try the chicken WINGS  or pizza...they were delicious
They really need to put up prices.
They need bigger televisions, or at least a couple more.
I really need to find another place to eat lol
I like the food is pretty decent.
One of the guy who makes sandwiches looks like a serial killer. He makes a nice sandwich though.
Lovely place! Will come back again:)
Serving healthy and hearty Japanese macrobiotic cuisine for over 20 years – start with the Carrot Pancake followed by the Soba Noodles and finally the Coconut Curry Salmon.
Pumpkin gnocchi is one of my favorites.
They just revamped their menu - increasing prices on everything and charging for tea!
Had the Ozu Tempura, salmon was perfectly cooked!
lotus root sandwich...it is the best! and go for lunch. the dinner box is so much food!
Try the broiled seitan.  Awesome macrobiotic / japanese food.
Delicious macrobiotic food at reasonable prices.
Summer rolls!!
Macrobiotice vegetertian.  Love it!
Be sure to try the barley tea.
Almond croissants and lattes here are fantastic! Love the ambience too.
au pain chocolat... mmm really good!
The soups. Or the almond croissants.
Work it, work it, scone it.
Have the ham and cheese croissant or the tuna salad and pretend you're on the Left Bank.
This hidden bakery serves one of the best Almond Croissants in the city.  Order it with a cup of coffee to get your day off to a great start!
Hands down, they have the best scones.
The quiche is out of this world and they cut generous slices.
Quite Franco-fully the best scone in Manhattan. Try the cranberry. But shhh! This place is a secret!
Try the almond croissant!
Worth the trip for pastry fiends.
Every soup is amazing, but the Sweet Peas Spinach & Mint is the creme de la creme!
Get the tuna on a baguette. It will change your life.
The croissants are solid - both the coconut & regular croissants.  Also, for those that like flavored lattes, try their "special" lattes.
croissants are very good...but paper plates and plastic forks take away from the ambiance.  Also they do not pour cappchino corrrectly.  Too much foam.  In Short a lot of potential
hidden under the Ansonia. Heavenly. Clafoutis and coconut croissants highly recommended. A real French cafe.
Try the Scottish Salmon Egg Sandwich here, it's fantastic.
The "To-Go" window takes forever. Might as well sit down and eat
Free (very delicious) coffee all day when you order an (awesome) egg sandwich. Om. Nom. Nom.
If you have no taste buds or dentures, the bland, overcooked pasta is perfect for you!  Is it Italian or Greek here?  Not sure.  Maybe coffee is good but don't bother with dinner.
Love this cute little coffee place!
Amazing homemade pasta at an amazing proce! Cute small atmosphere. Sit at the bar and chat with the owner from Bologna. What a precious neighborhood gem!
Damn good food! I would stab a duck for another slice of the cheesecake!
This place is delish! Try the avocado/shrimp salad. Yum!
My 15-month old just scarfed down half of my pesto egg sandwich and avocado/shrimp salad. Mommy gives this place 2 thumbs up. (1 high chair available)
Get The Works egg sandwich. It's heaven on bread!
After eating the brunch special, signature piccola poached eggs w/lobster & avocado or truffle & prosciutto, I care nothing for the Jean Georges of the world. Piccolo is all I need.
Number 11 is the best! And the croissants deserve their own mention.
Love all the paninis and pastas Ive tried so far and the spicy salami egg sammy cant be topped!
Seriously, the best latte I've had in months. So much that I'm fantasizing about it the next day. (Sigh)
Great salads and Great cheesecake!
The best egg sandwiches on the UWS.
Most of the sandwiches are great! Only problem is picking one. Good luck!
New. They have a wide choice of vegetarian "Antipasti" and a “Carvery Brunch” featuring home baked porchetta, roastbeef and baked turkey rollatina. Try the Pasticciotto, home made pastry
OPENING THIS MONDAY 05/14/12 , THERE WILL BE A SOFT OPENING ON THIS FRIDAY 05/11/12 , DO NOT MISS IT!
Try the burger! Better than shake shack!
Pho bo. they don't pho around
Welcome drink starts the following Monday (11/12/12)!! Check-in and get a free welcome drink (contains a small amount of alcohol); if ur under 21, be sure to ask for a free soda!!
Hey guys! We are rolling out some nice check-in deals starting monday! Be sure to stay tuned. Till then, stay hungry and eat on!
great appetizers. suggets chicken skewers, papaya salad, spring roll, fried shrimp paste
Dont mind the people who boycott this resto, go in and get the SEA BASS, its good!!
Crystal dumplings and kirin on draft
get harassed by the boycotters outside.
Decent lunch special although people are picketing outside which is never a good sign.  I would skip it. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I recommend their hot and sour soup. It has pineapple in it!
Obsessed with their scallion pancakes, La Sa Ga and La Sa Tom. And the spare ribs are KILLER!!!
Shrimp fingers are really good and the ribs in plumb sauce are one of a kind..!!!
Try the cheeseburger!!
Trust the staff
La Sa Ga is a great soup!!!
Whole sea bass!!!
The lobster was sensational!
Spring rolls are delicious!
Bun xao. Get it. The service is great, the people are nice, the food is amazing, and it's quick. I go here at least once a week. Sad? No. Because this place is the bomb.
Order the Number 45 (Bo Luc Lac)! The flavour of the meat will surprise you as much as the price!
Very disappointing pho.
Got the pho and the broth was not flavorful and the service was horrible. This is my first and last time here.
The morons protesting outside blocking the sidewalk make me want to patronize this place.  Too bad I don't like Vietnamese food
Get the bun with grilled beef! Big enough to share if you order an appetizer (get the cha gio!)
Goi du du, bun xao, grilled eggplant, spicy tasty chicken, shrimp summer roll, marinated chicken with sticky rice, curry beef...
This restaurant treats their workers unfairly. Please boycott this place until the workers rights are fair. Thanks.
This restaurant treats their workers unfairly. Please boycott this place until the workers rights are fair. Thanks.
This restaurant treats their workers unfairly. Please boycott this place until the workers rights are fair. Thanks.
Pedir el Bo Luc Lac, carne de ternera buenísima
Bun Xao and an order of spring rolls. Done.
The young man wearing the jets hat provides the absolute worst service I have ever experienced. Extremely rude, yelling at customers, sucking tongue, and rolling eyes at every opportunity he gets.
We need another Dunkin Donuts like we need another Applebee's hole in our heads.
Try the dessert, Calzone!
Make sure to get the grilled salmon with the bagel. It's great!
Edgar's Favorite Omelette is delicious! Great service, music - a great place for brunch!
Their omelettes are excellent, especially with goat cheese, and the coffee is delicious. Seats outside are well shaded and are comfortable even on hot days.
Symphony Space members get a 10% discount on the entire bill at Edgar's Cafe. Sign up and save!
Nice quaint little cafe. Serves breakfast food during weekday lunch if you ask.
No credit cards/cash only, but best dang coffee around. Love the new location too.
Get the waffles.   Thank me later.
show up when you want some cake
No bacon :( Or any meat, for that matter.
Don't come looking for bacon.
Out of house wine at 6 pm... But great burgers.
Nice spot, though this place changes over a lot so I'm afraid of getting attached.
Fantastic burgers, especially the turkey burger.
Soups good. Cobb salad is good. Chicken breast is good. Salmon is good. Mezze spread is good.
Beautiful place but absolutely terribly slow service. Waited over 45 minutes after ordering with two kids. Avoid like the plague if you have children.
Don't skip the burgers. The turkey burger is noticeably juicy and rich. And savor the vegetables like cucumbers, carrots and radishes pickled with vinegar, sugar and chili flakes.
Nice wine list and really yummy crab cakes! Cannot wait until they open" the outside area for service.
If you're there for brunch, do your belly a favor and get the Ultimate Neighborhood Egg sandwich. A perfect, and filling, breakfast. Great way to start your morning. (Oh, and the home fries = WOW!)
The biscuit and gravy for brunch is amazing. The corn beef is delicious too.
Spot is lovely & sunny. Service super-friendly but discombobulated. Cold toast, had to ask for butter/jelly, salt/pepper, more coffee (twice). Food tastes fresh though & we'll give it another try.
Roasted organic chicken is delicious, star wars is awesome
Waffle was cold as hell and upon "reheating" it, it was colder. Hasbrowns were burnt and a cup of coffee hear means half. Go somewhere else.
Just moved here and had two meals already!  Good food, great prices, and great service!
Finally a diner with moist grilled chicken
It's always a party at Lucky's
Looks nice, but sub-average diner food
Nothing else close, is anywhere near as close as good.  Best late night quality east of 3rd in Murray Hill.
They make one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches!
Standard coffee shop/diner fare in Kip's Bay near NYU med center. Recently renovated so enjoy the cleanliness while it lasts. It won't...it never does in this kind of place. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It's bit pricier than most places around. But the service is great. It's clean and quick
Enjoy a pablano omelette and a cup of coffee to start your morning!
This place blew my expectations out of the water. Ask your waiter for meal suggestions
Friendly staff and good curry. Great naan bread too!
Buffet for $12.95.  Good food!
Here's a tip. Get your ass here and enjoy some great food and amazing service.
Dinner specials & $4 wine
The Customer service here is soo good.. They really treat there customers good. And the food is deelishh
Very friendly. Good food, if a little on the heavy side. Fast delivery.
great customer service. very kid friendly
Best bakery in town! All tarts are delicious! Breads beyond comparison :)
Definitely try the chocolate crusted cheese cake with fruits on the top
Sun-Dried Tomato & Smoked Mozzarella ($6)
From Tablet
Pastries here are amazing.  Outdoor seating is often for wait service only but the service is spotty and slow so only go if you have a lot of time and patience. Better to take away and bring to park.
Chocolate chip brioche is outrageous. Get it and savor life.
Chocolate orange roll. To die.
Worst iced chai latte with soy milk ever!  Couldn't even drink half of a size medium!
Yummy (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
You know how when you go to France the first thing you do is get a baguette and it's the best baguette you've ever eaten? This is like that without France.
We've heard they have some excellent King Cake!
Fig and black pepper baguette.  I can never resist it.
Chocolate cocoa bread. You didn't realize you were hungry until you eat half of it in one sitting.
Amazing sandwiches and try the butter bread with jam...
Delicious bread!!!
Get it to go, disorganized servers
A 10-year-old neighborhood institution for great artisan bread and divine macarons.
Very friendly staff.
Try the Chocolate Chip Brioche and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Pears and Figs in Proscuitto and spot it on Foodspotting!
Amazing baked stuff here. When in the mood for savory, get a seeded ficelle. For sweet, the opera cake.
Wonderful breads, and also fantastic apple tartelette. Great UWS bakery.
Best bakery in the area.
Two words: brie stick!
Try the butter bread!
Best coffee around. Scott + team serve up the tastiest treats in town!
Linzer cookie time!
Wonderful bakery. Great place to sit outside when it's warm.
Everything Silver Moon bakes is sublime, but their baguettes are absolutely the best in the city
DO NOT get a cupcake. The absolute worst cupcake of my entire life. Dry & tasted like freezer burn.
The girls that work here are the rudest cashiers! I only go here if I have absolutely no choice and I always have a horrible experience.
Good deals but the most apathetic, rude cashiers I've ever encountered.
If you're getting sandwiches, watch out for Eric Berg. He will cut you in line
Check out the specials. Usually there are really good deals!
Edwin, the manager who hangs up front, knows his shit. Be sure to ask him for a price check if you ever have a problem at the register.
This place looks nice but it's too damn hot
The food was rather nasty and boring. The Caesar salad was small and the artichoke dip had no artichokes in them. Love the ambiance though.
Sadly, they don't serve Long Island Iced Teas -- some sort of company policy. It's really nice inside though; upstairs turns into a lounge/dancing area after hours.
Awesome place, lame food. Be careful with the shitty birds over the tables.
Both our pizzas were cold! They also lied about telling us about a $35 corkage fee for one bottle of cider. So bad
The Pumpkin soup is fantastic right now.
Awesome venue. Lovely ambience!
Park is a pun.
Great ambience, music and cocktails! Getting to the bar is a little bit of a fight but the bartenders work quickly once you have their attention!
My favorite Summer drink spot. Can't remember if it's Tues or Thurs eve that it turns that the dance floor opens up. The gays come out in full force..SO MUCH FUN
Stop trying to make Sean Paul happen! It's NOT going to happen.
straight people dance like morons
Great space but the bathrooms smell like piss at 5pm and the dining areas like dirty mop water
They don't make long islands!
Service is bad but music is good.
Try the Huevos rancheros - Delicious! (via @Foodspotting)
Horrible tomatoes. It was uncomfortable to ask to split check. The food was great overall and I highly suggest it
Just go. And look up.
Wear shoes. They will not let you in if you're wearing sneakers.
The garden is full of birds all year round.  Great food and a great environment.
I got a tip that Doc Oct might be up to something on the Pier. This should make a pretty good place to scope it out.
Try The Chef Burger! It's The Mist delicious Burger i have ever eaten!
Bunch of rooms and great atmosphere food is also nice. There are DJs on weekends.
Leave this place now.
Do yourself a favor and avoid their burger. That patty is just sad.
I want to go back for the gorgeous restaurant but not the club. It's trying to be Meatpacking but is really just second tier in the area.
Go for the ambiance. The decor and vibe are wonderful.
Really asian.  All kinds of Asian. Just really Asian. It's the whole Asian continent
I hear there's a risk of bird excretion under the beautifully lit canopy of live trees here, but just grab a bunch of friends and imagine you're camping NYC style.
It's a beautiful mixture of nature, whisy, and booze~~
Amazing burger!! Ask for the 'chef' one and thank me later
Love that they have 2 sizes for their pancakes! The small one is good for two people. Their tofu soup is really flavorful!
Get the Kalbi marinated beef with a side of bibimbap! So yummy
Bulgogi is fantastic. If its your first time at Korean BBQ, the oranges are to eat. Don't embarrass yourself by wiping your hands with them.
Overpriced and the only thing worth it is the galbi not marinaded.
Since you're in this posh area, are you looking for a new home? Contact Antonio - your guide to boutique luxury service in NYC real estate. Adelrosario@ADRnewyork.com 917-680-3382
Far and away the best Korean BBQ I've found in Manhattan.
The yangnyum galbi is sooo good!
Can't go wrong with kalbi or joomuluk. For lunch get the juksuk bibimbap. The nicest staff in the world.
my fave Korean BBQ in Manhattan.  Get the seafood Pa jun & any of the combo BBQ plates.  Cucumber soju is delicious.
If you can't eat with sticks, ask the helpful staff to give you a little lesson. If it didn't help, ask for a pair of children sticks.
Kimchi chigae is best in the city
The BBQ is a little overpriced, but the bulgogi is crazy good and worth the Won
Try the korean barbeque (via @Foodspotting)
I look forward to my complimentary korean yogurt drink when I come here for lunch
Tell the waitstaf not to rush. Or you will get the entres before the apps.
Recommend the "Seafood Soft Tofu Chigae"
The scotch is the cheapest in town
Order The New York Times suggestions.. That's says it all!
Absolutely amazing kimchi jigae and samyapsel:)
Get the pancake, the bulgogi and definitely the spicy pork bulgogi.
Best Korean bbq place in the city, not in ktown, even better than the places in ktown! The service is great! Ask for yogurt milk after dinner, its free!
Fav place for Korean BBQ. Get a meat combo, worth it!
Best kimchi jigae in the area. The kimchi used is uber soft.
Best kimchi jigae in the area. The kimchi used is uber soft.
Best kimchi jigae in the area. The kimchi used is uber soft.
Oyster pancakes & bimbibop are amazing!!!!
seafood on rice! they serve yogurt milk drink towards the end of your meal.. :)
Try the Kimchee and spot it on Foodspotting!
Make sure to order enough BBQ items (as in 2 for a party of 2) or else the portions/service isn't worth it.
This place place is unreeeal. Bulgogi rocks my world!
Lotsa bugs in the toppings--stay away
We love these sandwiches
Drink refills cost 50 cents. What?
Great place for a healthy delicious meal! Cute and relaxing atmosphere. Remember to BYOB.
Eat at eat, but try not to look at the prices
Make sure you get the $8 grain salad that contains 1 oz of total rip off
Good food. No wifi or iced tea....no ice for that matter.
Say hi to chef Susan on Friday nights
Few restaurants in New York who tout the localvore heritage actually look, taste, and feel the part... but Eat is totally legit.
They need more flavor in their dishes! Otherwise I liked the very minimalist experience. Best option...BYO Spices! There's a tip!
Quaint vegetarian joint just off Manhattan ave and Leonard in greenpoint.
Quiet and stripped down decor, simple, locally sourced food, some of it vegan, some vegetarian, but they also serve meat from time to time. Delicious. Affordable.
When they have fish on the menu, get it! They work with local fishermen from Hampton Bays, Long Island for their seafood. Super fresh.
order the hard boiled egg banh mi and whatever panckes are on todays menu
park your bike across the street on the fence at bike-friendly Fred Flare to avoid EAT's bike-hating psycho neighbor
Get the apricot juice
this guy is awesome!
Good sized portions and the peshwari nann was excellent
Overpriced and uneventful... Slow service too
Wouldnt honor four sqare 50% off coupon up to $15. Didnt want to fight w manager.  Food and service very good
Chicken Vindaloo!  Ftw.
Not a fan,...
I've never had Indian food before and I still cannot really say I have. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great place for a date- very romantic ambiance.
Good selection at the lunch time buffet.
No Indian beer available today. That is a bad sign.
Their Channa Masala is absolutely delicious! Unreal.
The dhansak was good.  Not quite what my in-laws' servants in India make for me, but good none-the-less.
No buffet on Saturdays.
Great Jazz tonight at the bar!
Try the vegetable biryani and the chicken tikka Nan... the food here is incredible n will leave u speechless
Delicious food. Try the lemon basmati rice instead of the usual rice with green peas. Service staff is quite unexperienced.
Their Fish Cutlet, Stuffed Vegetable Roti, and Chicken Roti were featured dishes at Choice Eats
Try the Saag Paneer and spot it on Foodspotting!
Chicken Methi is amazing. Love their cocktails too!
Try the spinach paneer with naan bread
The pista malai kulfi is really good!
Hottie Happy Hour on Tuesdays 5-7. Ladies enjoy a sponsored open bar and free appetizers.
They have an amazing selection of vegetarian food. I loved their buffet as well. Good ambiance..
Go for happy hour m-f before 7pm. Free Indian food appetizers daily.
The Vindaloo is quiet good with just the right amount of spice. If you aren't a fan of lamb, they will make it with chicken upon request.
Get the guac
Louie is the best waiter ever! Tip him well!
Get the lobster quesadillas and of course the guacamole!
Excellent food - worth the price. Rene was a great server.  Love the decor as well.
Cranes Asada is amazing!!!!
Not great Mexican food, especially for the price. Service was very average; waitstaff easily confused/flustered.
Lobster Enchilada. That's all I'm sayin'.
Being born&raised in SoCal I recognize that I'm critical of Mexican food, but this place was bad. Only thing worse than bad Mexican food is bad over-priced Mexican food. You aren't allowed to be both!
Try the Cadillac margarita it's awesome!
Get the fried ice cream dessert!
The tortillas w butter = amazing. Pomegranate margarita = awesome
I typically order the Lobster Quesadilla for lunch and eat whatever is left fir dinner.   It's very filling. Their margies are pretty good also. :-)
Lobster enchilada is killer. Good guac too. Go with spicy.
Margarita taste funny? Send it back. They have great drinks but sometimes the jalapeno tequila gets mixed in.
It's sinigual BTW
Cross sell up sell overkill
Order a pomegranate margarita - you won't be disappointed!
The guacamole is definitely a must try and the margaritas are delicious!
Agree with others, the filet enchilada were very yummy. Would also recommend the grilled pineapple margarita.
Filet Enchiladas and Shrimp Skewer is always on special but never on the menu. You will not be disappointed.
Order the tomato soup. Its bomb!
food is good, margaritas are awesome, service is average.
Margaritas are great here as are the constant refills of chips and dip!
Make sure to visit Manny the bartender at the bar he's the absolute best!!!
The tamarind/chile ribs are spicy and just fall off the bone!
Have the quacamole. The shrimp salad is phenomenal so is the bbq chicken salad is awesome. Margaritas are amazing. Go patron
Basically everything is amazing. Especially the gauc!
The mango mojito is delicious!
I got food poising on the fish tacos. Be careful.
Try the rib eye that they have as a special, awesome!
This place is really good! Large, fresh cuts of fish.
I love this quaint, charming, startup-y coffee shop. The head barista makes an incredible iced toddy, best I've ever had. It's a hard spot to find, but worth the hunt. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Only place in the area to serve Tonx coffee!- Amazing cold-brewed iced coffee- Pour-over is pretty good tooSo many startup people in here, but what can you expect really? (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Food is really good!
Try the not coming here at all. Service surly, food questionable
Really cheap japan food, roll only 2-3 bucks
So happy that Scott and Earnie have arrived in Harlem. Looking forward to spending my summer days here.
MParenti-I listen to his suggestions.
$4 chicken and rice with salad. So bad, yet SO good.
Lamb over rice
It's actually called Shanta Halal Food
Not bad for $4
I got full from the chicken & lamb combo for just $5! It's so bomb.
Too bad the other carts aren't as good. Getting my combo wouldn't take this long.
Want 1 large scoop? Order a kiddie cone, hassle free.
Ice cream has always been my favorite food group. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle :)
caramel cone on a sugar cone!
Toast is pretty good.  The fruity teas use flavored syrup, so stick to the plain teas if you want to be healthy, e.g. jasmine green tea.
Green tea boba.
Get the Taro sorbie, no bubbles. May be the best taro flavor ever.
Try the Green Apple Iced Tea (via @Foodspotting)
jasmine bubble tea w/ milk!
Dang... The music be bangin!!!
Almond milk tea w/ coffee flavored agar!! (skip their boba/bubbles)
I like the almond and coconut bubble teas the most.
Coconut bubble tea - fuck yeah.
They serve good boba here, but you'll certainly feel like you're in Taiwan if you're the token white guy.  ;)
Expensive bubble tea and they don't give you much, though the tastes do compensate. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the Taiwanese chicken chop over rice and a black milk bubble tea (cold in the summer, hot in the winter).
WILD BERRY NATAAAA!!!! Condensed milk toast & fried cuttlefish balls~
Pretty good. If you are willing to travel, try kung fu tea on 10th and 1st!
Cash only but now they have an atm inside. Nce
Southern China's favorite tea house, and one of the three locations in the U.S. Grab an amazing bubble tea and be on your way. #Linsanity.
yum curry eggrolls
Supreme toast with nutella is perfect for a dessert :)
almond coconut toast with a sesame sorbie hits the spot
Best pearl milk tea in Manhattan -- try the food, too! Simple and tasty. Cash only though so watch out
Second to none...best bubble tea around. Love the coconut flavored tea.
Coming from a Taiwanese person, this is the most authentic/delicious bubble tea spot in Manhattan. Skip the food, though.
best Taro bubble tea on the planet!
Avoid the man with the Ascot; very creepy.
Hot taro tea with agar is awesome :)
Dot forget to get your card stamped!
The bubble tea is great and the food is actually really good too. I totally recommend the vegetable curry with rice dish. So good and only $6! In this neighborhood, that is just a steal for dinner.
Taro is good! Also give Matcha Aulait a try if you're not feeling the tapioca bubbles.
Say hi to Scott.
The hot ginger black tea is nice and spicy. Get a pot!
Try the philly cheeese! Banging!
The chopped cheese & philly cheese steak sandwiches are YUMMY.
They put lots of meat on your sandwich lol 4 real though
Get the prosciutto truffle pizza, cheese balls, meatballs, and asparagus salad. All fresh ingredients and its oven baked pizza!
Martha pizza. Omfg.
Best happy hour in all the land.
While Ovest serves a full menu of Naples-style cuisine, including homemade pasta, the real reason to go to this tucked away eatery is the aperitivo italiano
the chianti.
Try the Salmon Spaghetti (via @Foodspotting)
Just go to Caesar's Palace on Amsterdam. Spend the money you saved on bad pizza and take a cab up town to Caesar's.
If you want bad pizza, come here. Waiter got our order wrong, the pizza was burnt and soggy. And you could choose from a total of 4 beers, literally. Disappointed.
Love the happy hour here and the drinks are DELISH!
Apertivo weekdays 5-8p. Complimentary palatte cleansers while putting back the peronis. Delicioso!
Great atmosphere. Try the meatballs and a pizza -- the imported mozzarella is delicious.
The Martha is sick!
The Martha pizza is Delicious!
Longest wait for a pizza I have ever experienced. Avoid. Avoid.
Pizza is delicious and you have the option of a salad
Notable drinks made by Enzo the mixologist: grape basil cocktail, mangopeno, cucumber basil cocktail, and the flatirontini. The last one involves absinthe and a flame. Amazing!!!
Ask Enzo for a specialty cocktail made to order for your palette. He's an amazing mixologist. My favorite was a grape basil concoction he invented.
get espresso martini!
Free food for happy hour!
Ask for the appetizers first. We got pizza then salad then bruschetta. In that order.
Happy hour has free food at the bar! Amazing!
Both of the cocktails we had were fairly disappointing :-(
Good place to kill time before Sleep No More. Friendly bartenders.
Free food with drinks for happy hour!! And if you're willing to pay for some food, the calamari is pretty awesome!
Grab a pie and hit the High Line!
A sister pizzeria to Luzzo's in the East Village, but I think even better. Don't miss the pizza a cono (cone pizza), which seems gimmicky but is actually really good.
Very good and REAL Italian food!! To be tried... ;-)
Excellent wine selection & great/free food during happy hour.
Free food with happy hour!
yes, yes, get the michy panini (bresaola, avocado, tomato & olive oil).
Small but cool design.  Worst thing is music from lobby permeating to guest rooms at all hours
I think there is a trash-sorting facility across the street, it's a natural alarm clock (you're out of luck of you want to sleep past 6AM though). Yawning...
Love this place!!
Margaritas are delightful. As well a the guac & chips
ufff muy bueno!!!!! esto si es un hotelazo!!!!!!  aqui andamos en chanclas!!!! jajajajja!!!!
Take one of the hotel’s retro Bowery Lane pedal bikes for a waterfront ride along the newly renovated Hudson River Greenway Bike Path.
The rudest people in the world work here. I think the owner especially sought them out. The front desk hates all their guests.
Rooftop bar and restaurant
La Piscine, the rooftop pool and restaurant at the Americano. Unlike city-funded pools, this one comes with daybeds and cabanas, cocktail service, light fare from the Latin-French menu.
Sunday Jazz brunch. Don't forget to book a table
Try the Pork Chop - Great flavor. One of the best dishes on the menu. (via @Foodspotting)
The Americano: Your morning beverage, your nickname on the docks in Marseille and now your Sunday brunch spot inside the eponymous Chelsea hotel.
Was expecting snottier staff but they were super nice. Food is great! Priced very well also. Atmosphere is chic. Beautiful people eat here - hahaha
This hotel was awful.  Bare concrete floors might look "hip" in photographs, but in reality it's like staying in Costco.
Learn more about the design of Hotel Americano by checking out this article in December's Architectural Record
La gran terraza del Americano destila estilo y elegancia como cualquiera de los hoteles de la familia Habita.
Exquisito diseño a cargo de los Micha en el primer hotel de mexicanos que traspasa la frontera. Los cuartos no rebasan los 25 m2 con un espacio único, de no ser una suite.
Amazing!!! Everything from the rooftop to the restaurant... Simply the place to be
La recepcionista esta muuuuuuuy guapa
Chef Olivier Reginensi offers “French fare with a Latin flair”: turbot a la plancha, roasted Maine lobster, Berkshire Pork chop with chestnuts, black Angus Ny Strip steak.
Hôtel Americano es minimalista en el diseño, comedido en la gastronomía (los platos son europeos y latinos) y magnánimo en las vistas; es el hotel del día en Condé Nast Traveler
Ultra modern and sleek room.  First class place to stay on business.
Stick the barrel of the key fob in the hole by the door to turn on power in the room
La Piscine, its rooftop pool bar and restaurant, accessed via the street by an external glass elevator -- designed by Enrique Norten -- sealed off in winter by glass garage door | via NYTimes
Clean and hi-tech, great place to stay after the nightclub gets steamy.
Opening soon...
Awesome food!
Cosiest spot in an area with little else. Friendly service and reasonably-priced and well-cooked Argentinian / American food. Seared salmon salad was cooked to order (medium rare) and succulent $12.
Porkchop, ocotpus, steak, empanadas, creme brulee, and bread pudding with dulce de leche gelato are the stand outs!! Amazing! Say hi to Jorge and Brent!
Great wine selection, fantastic service! The ribeye is pretty damn flavorful. For dessert, the avocado flan. It'll blow you away! Bread pudding is also delish. Sit at the bar :)
Argentinian specialties. There is a bar and dining area. On the menu, pollo a la paprika (chicken breast with skin thoroughly immersed in paprika), jujeña empanada. Dessert? budin de pan
Grilled octopus!
Good Service
Lomito completo — solid.
You have failed if you didn't order the gnocchi with lamb.
House made pate is the shit!
Fantastic place with great food. Reasonable prices and nice wine selection. Owners and staff make you feel very welcome!
Amazing food ;)
Spinach gnocchi with Lamb ragu. AMAZING!
Everything I've had is really good here! Very reasonable too!
Grilled Calamari salad with tomato and avocado...super fresh and aromatic.
The porkchop is out of this world amazing!!!!
Go for the personal pizza/salad combo. It's filling, cheap, and so freaking good.
This place is great considering the hood - big space too, go upstairs!
This is THEE New York City footy bar —with a great staff, atmosphere, and food — and home to the mighty NYC Hammers... Come on you Irons!!!
Great French fries, but my burger had a soggy bun :(
I was here for a party not a game, but looks like a killer place to catch soccer matches.
Great pre-game and happy hour spot in a cultural no-man's land part of town. Three floors. Good happy hour. Good food. Table service. Perfect for an early afterwork meeting.
go upstairs and order the chicken and waffles, it's like a totally different bar and the food is fantastic.
Great place! If you're with UCB you get a discount (thank you btw that's awesome), great for watching games, lots of room, etc. Such a nice change from the typical places in the area.
Love the food and beer selection. But this place has a lot of room for improvement during big games.
Good beer selection, great service at the bar, and last but not least they show international soccer games on tv!
Mussel Frites = Greatness
Great for soccer viewing. Food was terrific.
Smithfield has your footie games on 3 floors, accommodates several hundred people at the bar, has big tables made of wood reclaimed from a Brooklyn water tower.
Haymarket fries, Jameson Wings, Maple Glaze Bacon
Great venue for soccer matches
This place was created by friends for friends. THE SPOT for football, hockey and other sport events. Check it out!!!
HOLY COW (literally) - the Surf'n Turf Burger is fantastic. The food here is spectacular. Highly recommended!
Had a manger pick a meal for me. He went with the chopped salad. Questionable  , I thought. But holy shit that was the best salad I've had in a loooooong time.  Well done!
Whoa the wings. Get them.
The lobster mac'n cheese will blow your mind.
Gem in Chelsea
Really cool spot and brand spankin new. Pretty typical beer selection but nice eclectic take on some bar grub classics. Ask for the tour. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Love the food, football and the people.
Hang out here after cage-match at UCB every Thursday at 11!
Try the mussels. Yum!
Wow!  This place is amazing!  Such a great surprise in the neighborhood.
Local place that will be a great place for anyone wanting a good drink some great food and even sports
This place is great will be back
This new pub is now my choice for "best place to watch soccer in NYC"
Counting the days to opening day
Take in the game with other Red Bulls fans throughout the course of the 2012 season!
It's pretty fast paced in there, but they have great sandwiches for people on the go. I recommend the roast beef!
Avoid long lines by pre-orderig your sandwich online @ http://Subwaynow.com
January sandwich of the month is a must try! Chipotle chicken and cheese on flatbread!
...nice & quiet in here.. 2 bad they don't have WiFi..
Loo is always out of order :f
Dorito tacos are amazing.
Marcus Dean can take 7 dicks in his ass, and he has room for 8.
Taco Bell's service sucks balls.  Slow confused workers make the phrase fast food a joke.
Marcus Dean is always at the business end of the glory hole there.
Imran Mazumdar drinks from the toilet
Marcus Dean reeks of poo.
Sit. Enjoy. Mise en place.
Got our order wrong, inserted an extra taco, and wouldn't correct or refund."It's just $2", not the point mister
What usually costs me around $4 at any other Taco Bell cost me almost $8 here. AVOID!
Rude staff!! Make your way to moes!
OMGICU won't "judge" you for eating at Taco Bell in Penn Station. Neither will James Avery, Uncle Phil from the Fresh Prince, who's been spotted eating here.
Any pizza, any toppings, any size, any time only $10.99!
The grill chicken buritto is delicious.
get a cheesy gordita crunch
The samples they give are huge
Best falafel sandwiches around. God bless!
Try the sandwich.
philly cheesesteak sandwich = amazing!
chicken on rice with white sauce!
Get a cheesesteak wit onions and peppers plus free can of soda for $4.99!
There BBQ chicken sandwich is the shiz!
Muenster Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato and Mustard on a Roll.
Nothing better at 3am
Only Greenpoint deli that has both hot food *and* beer 24/7.
Only bodega in Greenpoint that carries brown sugar. In case you need to know that sort of thing.
Grilled chicken with rice and can of soda for $5.99. Great cheesesteak sandwiches, too.
Roast beef and provolone on a hero, lettuce-tomato-mayo.
delicious sandwiches. ice cream selection is astonishing. nicest guys in greenpoint.
Best EZ in new york.
get the EZ sandwich
good deli sandwiches
haven't been here, in a while,
They aren't especially sharing with the napkins
Chicken & waffles & Sugar Hill beer.
Been to the one on Lenox & 137 St. Excellent! Try the turkey wings.
The chicken will change your life
Best Soul Food in Harlem, NY!
The food is definitely precooked and reheated when you order it but it reminds you of the good southern cooking that you reheat when your at your parents house! enjoy
The lunch bargains are actually dope.
You're at one of Harlem's most popular soul food restaurants located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate www.elliman.com/brianphillips
terrible service. I got the North Carolina BBQ Ribs. ribs were dry, BBQ sauce was overpowered with vinegar.... I was so disappointed..
Disappointed, not fresh cooking, mac n cheese dry and bland, obviously premade and reheated.  Poor excuse for southern cooking
smothered chicken was amazing. if you get fried chicken, order a side of honey with it.
My partner in crime Stephanie says the red velvet cake and the ribs are bangin here.  I am obliged to agree!
My favorite soul food in the city, even if it does make my tummy hurt afterwards. Jerk chicken is my favorite!
Good soul food in the heart of NYC's upper west side neighborhood.
Sweetest staff ever! and wow the mac and cheese is bad for my hips
Catfish, mac-n-cheese and greens. YUM!!, save room for desert..red velvet cake or coconut cake de lish
The food was excellent
For a first-timer like me the sampler platter was perfect, and it comes with 3 sides. I also had the sweet tea, and the red velvet cake as dessert. All great!
Cool spot for soul food in New York! Mmmmmm! I used to go here a lot! Definitely on my list of things to do when in the city.
Southern fried chicken, MAC n cheese, and cornbread stuffing is great!
Try the shortribs! Use the scoutmob deal!
Go EARLY. If you go an hour before close, carry out only. Trust me not a good thing if you travel an hour
food is awesome service is great and it very clean. even the bathroom
Please try the red velvet cake...to die for!
IM HERE EVERYDAY!!! I WORK HERE...LOL
I agree with Eric. Southern fried chicken, with collards and MAC. Don't ask. Just enjoy.
Every time I come here I wonder why I don't come here more often.
Get the sweet tea! Trust me.
I have never had anything less than superb off the menu here. The spoonbread punch, BBQ chicken, collard greens, ribs, smothered chicken are all delicious and generously portioned.
The green sauce is the best(I wonder what's in it?)
Ask for extra green sauce containers, that stuff is addicting.
On Fridays they have seafood soup that's incredable!!
Gigantic bagels and really friendly staff.
Make sure u come early!  Towards the late afternoon the food isn't so great.
Great food
I love their mixed soondubu!! But their service is getting worse and worse every time I go
Great lunch. Tofu soup with side of ribs
One of my fave kbbq places-not as fancy as Don Bogam but just as delicious. The raw beef appetizer and haemul pajeon are favorite starters. Great service and v reasonable soju prices.
Pretty good food. Overall satisfied with the food but slightly on the $$$ side for the BBQ meats from what I'm use to paying for the same thing.
Definitely try the tofu soup options with beef the beef combo. Deelish!
Extra spicy soon doo boo... So yummy
Amazing tofu and rib combo, #17!
The mild is pretty hot and remember to crack the egg and mix in your Soontofu as it neutralizes the spicyness to bearable but tasty.
Surprisingly big space - always easy to get a table during the week. Amazing tofu!
Get the HIT! Combo!
Seafood pancakes appetizer is a must have
The kim chi is so seaol good!!
The galbi jim is great here if you like it a bit on the sweet side. The large is great to split with a friend!
Worst Korean food in Ktown.
Come here for kimchi pancake no matter what your expectation is. no regret!
Galbi Jjim is sub-par here.
Stick with the soondubu- do NOT order the nangmyun (cold noodle).
Kimchi pancake is amazing!
The best Korean in ktown!!  Their soon du bu rocks, get it extra spicy.  Love the naeng myun too!
I am the only white person here. And the bathroom stalls are see through
I like the Bulgogi here!
Soon Tofu here is one of the best I've had.
soondufu is good of course but try kalbi tang too ! it's just good as soondufu !
soondubu and bibimbap in sizzling stone are good
the galbee jim (steamed short rib) is excellent.
Traditional beebimbop also delicious; simplicity well-executed.
Soondubu (Tofu Stew) and Pajeon (Seafood Pancake).
This place is known for their soon dobu, but try the BBQ - comes with more authentic side dishes than any other place I've tried
Wow I must be a baby because the tofu soup was really tasty but crazzzzaaayyy spicy! I now have a runny nose for days.
Terrible, just terrible. Way overpriced as well.
Club Eden NYE 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
This is definitely an unexceptional Chinese restaurant except for their Chinese Hot Dog – a hot dog wrapped and fried like an egg roll.
CHECK OUT WWW.NOGAMESENT.COM
It's not on the menu but they will make sesame tofu for you if you ask nicely. Yum yum my fav!
“The finest glatt kosher Chinese restaurant and sushi bar” is home of the formidable Chinese hot dog, brilliantly encased in an egg roll wrapper.
Get the sesame tofu, not on the menu, but they know what to do.
YU students get a free canned beverage and/or waterbottle when they show ID
Best Chinese food in the city!
DONT get the "cold peanut noodles" unless you LOVE peanut butter..... It's literally just noodles and peanut butter.
Probably the best deal in Chinese: Mixed Lo Mein of the Day: $7
Take out is swift and comes taped up with OU seals. Recommended.
The chipotle sauce is so good!
Consistently disappointing, dry burgers.  Should be great, but this location drifts along... Go to the one on west 52nd.
The fries and sweet potato fries are the real attraction here. Burgers aren't bad too.
A single order of fries at Lucky's is huge--enough for two people to share.
Totally surprised by how good the bacon cheeseburger was. Fresh and crispy onion, lettuce, tomato. Melted cheddar. Juicy beef cooked well. The chipotle mayo just sealed the deal. Definite thumbs up.
20 % discount with your ticket stub from next door.
20 % discount with your movie stub from next door.
Slowest service in New York
If you like a spicy kick in your burger, Lucky's Hell's Kitchen is simply delicious.
They do have veggie burgers, and you can add avocado to anything for a dollar fifty!
I dig the sweet potato fries, worth the extra 50 cents.
Mini cheddars. Lucky sauce is INDEED ...lucky.
Bacon Cheddar burger is siiiick.
Best turkey burger after 2pm!!! ;)
Whenever you're in need of a good old fashioned burger off the grill, Lucky's hits the spot.
This spot is empty on a Sunday evening but clean. If the food is good I'll return!
You can't go wrong with the fresh burgers here!
Great hamburgers for a decent price!
Pro Tip: You can substitute sweet potato fries into a combo for only 50 cents.
Great food, burger was delish. No air conditioning.
Please get Lucky Sauce. Ketchup is for Noobs.
Sweet Potato Fries + Lucky Sauce = winning #charliesheen
So disorganized...
The peeps working behind the counter are always so friendly..
This place is pretty good. I'd say its a tie between this and Five Guys for best fast food burgers in NYC. Five Guys has better fries but Lucky's has less greasy burgers. The shakes are way too thick
The Lucky sauce MAKES this place :)
nom nom nom... bacon cheddar burger, sweet potato fries (dipped in lucky's sauce, naturally) and a milkshake.  apparently the onion rings are amazing, but my friend refused to share.
... always good service ...
Lucky's Famous burger with bleu cheese! Don't forget the awesome condiments: Lucky's Sauce and Chipotle Mayo
Chili fries. Dominated!
These carts are all around town, and the food is always great!!
Best deal in town, lamb over rice. Get the white sauce.
Best rice from a food cart. Chicken Over rice, all veggies + black beans, white + hot sauce. Bingo
Forget the BBQ sauce. Try Jalepeno
steak and lamb
Ask for BBQ sauce in addition to the hot sauce and white sauce -- you will not regret it
Not enough flavor...
Whitesauce and hotsauce, obviously.
Try the hot wraps. They're pretty good on a rainy cold day in New York.
Very nice organic popcorn with sea salt my favorite
While you are in the neighborhood, go east and check out Tudor City Greens. A park on the left and right side of 42nd St btwn 2nd and 1st. Especially when the trees are in bloom.
Egg & Roasted Tomatoes is the BEST breakfast sandwich ever!
The mini brownie is to die for.
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
The chicken mozzella w/tomato is my lunch staple! They also say "thank you friend" like they are Bill Cosby, haha.
A lot of healthy treats here. But not such a healthy price.
Falafel Friday!!!!
Gazpacho is fantastic and salads are fresh and refreshing.
Great coffee.  They serve soy milk.
Great service, great lunch menu and healthy option, and the coffee is super.
I think today is their first day in business, so I'm going to be nice. The place is lovely & bright, staff are polite & coffee is great.
They had a fire and no longer in business.
Amazing cheesecake!
Take a good long look at the wine list. Seriously.
After a long night of shooting an indy feature in a hookah bar on the LES, take yourself to Meli Melo and order a cold Heineken. After that first beer is drunk, order the chicken Caesar. Good.
melimelo wine bar restaurant prix fix menu lunch 3 courses $22 per p diner $32per p 3 courses. a la carte also availaible. nyc best value truly original cheerfull ambiance gracious service .must visit
Not that impressive
My favorite dish is chicken in a pot.  Chicken, matzo balls, carrots noodles and you get to keep an awesome jar
Try the Kasha Knish (via @Foodspotting)
Matzoh ball soup and cole slaw were so yummy! :)
Matzah ball soup is out of this world
Really really good pastrami. Pretty pricey, definitely not an everyday type of lunch.
Voted best matzoh ball soup in nyc! "
Cozy, hearty kosher fare. We love the potato kugel and soft salami sandwich. http://www.delivery.com/menu/2nd_Ave_Deli
The pastrami sandwich is unbelievable--melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more.
Gotta try this triple threat - pastrami, salami, and corned beef.
Expensive but worth it.  Best sandwich of my life.
Amazing deli platter! Good for sharing
meatball appetizer with egg barley is where it's at.
Big sandwiches, large matzo balls. Good service. Less expensive compared to Deli places on 7th. Bring a hefty appetite. Pickle heaven. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Delicious, coma-inducing pastrami sandwich and matzoh ball soup.
DisneyWorld for real food lovers! You will never leave this place hungry...unless you're vegan.
matzo balls are heavenly.
The pastrami sandwich was really good. Try it with the mustard and cole slaw. Also try the chocolate soda pop
Hot corned beef
Would you believe you get a shot of an egg cream with the check?
The best pastrami in Murray Hill. One sandwich is enough for two people.
Get extra rye for the side of beef you'll end up wrapping fuh laytuh.
Matzoh ball soup, hot pastrami sandwich, chocolate soda. Win.
my favorite restaurant if i could buy a plane ticket once a month to go and eat at 2nd ave deli i would the food is mouth watering
Best brisket evah
Best Deli in NYC!
Their matzoh ball or mushroom barley soup is always unreal. my favorite is their triple Decker sandwich #3, substitute the salami with pastrami. Amazing!!
The barley and mushroom soup is great!
Mmmmmmm.... Pastrami.
Sure, the pastrami is great but some of the entrees (barbecued chicken, goulash) are awesome, too!
Mad good. Buffalo slice is ABSURD
Staff is very nice. Got the grandma slice and the sauce was wayyyyy to sweet.
"Best pizza in Murray Hill, 2012" -Eruptin.com
Amazing garlic knots! And penne alla vodka pizza
Mushroom slice is fantastic. Nice outdoor seating area in the back.
Watch a game, bring a bottle, order pizza, hang out in the back.
Byob! Good pizza!
Best garlic knots ever.
Caesar is the best! No seriously he's the shit.
The buffalo Chicken pizza is the bomb
The best pizza in NY! You must try the Famous Buffalo Chicken Grandma Slice...!!!
The NUTELLA PIZZA is heaven on a slice!!!
Gorgeous decor!
The outdoor garden is amazing!! A secret treasure in the heart of Murray Hil!!
Eggplant pizza is the best.
Back patio is super cute!
You can't go wrong with any grandma slice here. Buffalo chicken slice is great too.
Get unbaked fresh ricotta slice. It's psycho.
This place has amazing customer service and great pizza.
Great outdoor seating area in the back!
All wine and beer $3 dollars. Steals.
20% off if you order food at the bar
The food is awesome, happy hour til 9pm and overall it's a lot of bang for the buck. Highly recommend.
You can customize almost any dish, so don't be afraid to ask! Some of my favorite Thai in NY!!!
$3 happy hour til 8pm and free spring rolls - really can't beat that!
Best Thai Food in NYC
Patrick is absolutely wonderful<3
the roti appetizer is great! skip the edamame tho...
Try their Thai iced tea!
The pad see ew is absolutely delicious if you like it on the sweeter side. The lunch special is a great deal and comes with an appetizer and salad with peanut dressing. Definitely should try it!
Food tastes good with fresh ingredients. Polite and attentive service. Thai chef with authentic touch. I liked it.
Def try the Drunk man noodles with mock duck.  So right and so very good!! And I'm a meat lover
Not BYOB anymore
Also, they only take two cards to split checks, now.
No longer BYOB. Still great food!
Nice service and decor. Pretty good for the culinary wasteland of Kips Bay.
Great curry. Don't mistake this place with the one 2 doors down; this place is much better
This place is BYOB!
The food is amazing & The Staff is supper hospitable -- be sure to try the carrot fries ummm
Sunset salad is to die for so yummy
Coming alone? Sit at the bar & prepare to be accompanied by nice people in the area. :)
wow the portions are HUGE.  split a dish!
Everything is good! Try the Supreme Tea or Bio Coffee!
Try the Carrot Cheese Fries - Almost Guilt free fix for nacho/cheese fries cravings (via @Foodspotting)
Just eat here! Period! Want "soul" food without being weighed down? This is the place! Not greasy, so it's healthy and delicious! Makes you feel good!
The Flamingo Rolls are AMAZING
Carrot fries are a must. Dip them in the sauce for ever more goodness
Try the carrot fries.
Really love the veggie wrap.
Oh yeh. The bio coffee is really good. Best coffee I've had in a long time. Maybe THE best.
Supreme tea is always a good bet
The Flamingo Rolls are sooo good!!!!
Delicious mac and cheese!
The navy bean soup cures me all the time when I'm not feeling well. The Supreme Tea is great and the red velvet cheesecake, you have to get that.
You want the carrot cheese fries.
Have the Supreme Tea....it's Supreme!!!!
The east of the Mississippi is delicious!
The citrus fish is my favorite!
Excellent and unique food. Try the carrot fries with honey mustardand the bella burger. Can't go wrong.
Got to try the bean soup, carrot fries, or mignon! Love the classic music videos, and great service!
My fav? The Mignon...it's Salmon and dang! It's juicy!!!
Aquatic sausage?!  Yes, please!
Loaded carrot fries! Bella burger is awesome too.
The best ramen you can find, this side of the River Jordan! Come on down! Yes!
Spicy ramen was decidedly unspicy and quite honestly, terrible. Save your money and use it to go to Jin Ramen in Harlem.
Don't drink the tea...if you're not OK with the waitress recycling tea from others...
Try the Spicy Miso Ramen or Tsukemen (dipping style- make sure they heat the dipping sauce extra)
Not sure if its a daily thing but they have a live Japanese jazz band playing in house. Very cool for a low key date night.
They are much more generous with the meat and add ons than Ippudo. I'll give the nod to Ippudo for flavor of broth and texture of the noodles.
Get the basic ramen with thin noodles!
Make sure to get Gyoza to go with your ramen.
Basic broth is unexpectedly garlicky and delicious. Shoyu is super salty
Jeeeesus, watch out for the chef spraying snot into the kitchen sink!  Ewwww, I'm never coming back.
Try the kimchi miso ramen - Hells yeah, Hells yeah, Hells yeah... (via @Foodspotting)
The pork basic broth is one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten. Get it with thick noodles.
For $12 they could surely afford to give you more than 2 measly slices of pork!
Get the Wahoo Sio Ramen!
flavorful soup base. chasuu and noodles are cold...
Tsukemen ramen
Asian 5.3b: New York has some really good Japanese ramen places. The most famous one is probably Ippudo. And I also like Kambi on 14th as well.
Over rated
Over rateded
Number 12 spicy miso wavy noodle ramen...bomb
Two thumbs up!
Get the Kambi Sio with Bean Noodle add a little Kimchi for some spice
Their lunch special is a must.  Ramen + Rice Bowl + Salad for as low as $14.50. There are slightly more expensive combinations depending on the ramen.
Try the Miso Ramen (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pork Charashi (via @Foodspotting)
Spicy Miso with extra belly is righteous.
Cash only.
spicy ramen w/ thick noodles are the best.  my fav!
Same menu as Minca on 5th
Meh. Rather over rated.
Macho Nachos:::::spicy!!!!! Muito bom!!!!
Delicious Passion Fruit Margaritas! Tart and sweet= yum!!!
Try the Vegetarian Burrito - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Guacamole and Chips - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Get a Riazul Tequila, it's amazing!!
BE WARNED: Party's of two should not take on this beast without the help of strangers. But it is truly amazing so wrangle up three great friends and enjoy the night!
For a tourist trap, this place is alright. Over 20 tequilas, serviceable tacos and $9 giant beergaritas. Yeah. Beergaritas.
worst service ever!!! b
Descobrimos aqui a BeerGarita (cerveja + marguerita), muito bom! Bar cheio para o happy hour.
Sad to say that the food here is not impressive. If you do go, go for the cocktails and the rooftop seating.
Awful margaritas, terrible service
Sluts. Slow service but good booze.
Chilli Hot dog + beerguerita
Awesome rooftop seating right next to penn!
Fried Fish Tacos w/mango salsa!!!
For all you weight-watchin veggie lovers out there, request the vegetarian burrito b'b'b'b'but in a bowl. Prepare yourself to OM the flavors of the color wheel and feel the joy of pre-paid guacamole.
Beergarita sux. Customer service is terrible... Plz get a new manager btw -.-"
If you sit here long enough you'll get drunk via osmosis
Check out...AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Try the Pollo a la kimonos wrap with mango salsa... yum!
This place is self-seated during lunch. It's quite a nice place to eat especially if you are rushing through lunch alone.
The chips & guacamole are awesome!
Try the paper bag chips with the tequila salsa! Goes great with Coronas! great happy hour too.
Full of commuters during the week – but you should still stop in and try their Cactus Rose or Baja Iced Tea cocktails, which should be enjoyed outside on the patio!
Friendly staff, were happy to serve food at almost midnight. Chicken Nachos - very nice!
Get the beergarita!!!
On weekdays, pretty bad service while the commuters are waiting for their trains back to farmville but it gets bearable after.
Hang your bag or coat on the hooks under the tables.
Worst margaritas ever. Tastes like olive.
Guac & Chips... That is all.
Meilleur Sushis. Le décor est impressionnant et les plats succulents.  Les  habits du Iron Chef sont désignés par Ralph Lauren. Assurez vous de faire une réservation et prévoir un bon budget.
for ladies, get the white lily or hydrangea cocktail!
strip in your pocket http://bongacams.com/track?c=5917
DON'T get the lobster, DO get the Kobe Steak and the Tore appetizer
huahuhuhuhuhuh
Bathrooms are the next best thing to a shower!
Try the Yakitori (via @Foodspotting)
Try the 牡丹海老 (via @Foodspotting)
Secret Menu Item: a Japanese wagyu "beef bop"
Sparkling sake is amazing!
Try the Abalone (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lobster Fritters (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hamachi Tartare (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fish Ball Noodle Soup (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Whole Maine Lobster Sashimi - Probably the only restaurant in town to have the whole lobster sashimi-grade (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Asari Soup (via @Foodspotting)
Grub Street off-menu dish: Wagyu Beef Bop. "Fried rice and wagyu strip loin in a bowl so hot that it sears the beef at the table."
Dessert: the apple bread pudding and the flourless chocolate cake  are amazing!
Try the 沖縄そば (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hamasui - Hamaguri Ushiojiru (via @Foodspotting)
Best appitizer to get is the shrimp tempura!! Omg Amazing!
If your going for an entree, the braised black cod is delishhh... and #FFACTORapproved
Everything is incredible, it's hard to go wrong. Spicy tuna was to die for.
the toro tartare is everything.
Try the Lychee Cocktail - Pinkies up (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Japanese Lobster Fritters - Nommmmmm =] (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sapporo Beer - Booze again (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Hoegaarden Beer - Booze (via @Foodspotting)
Have everything.
Try the Oh Toro (via @Foodspotting)
Be sure to check out Doug's horrendously awesome singing w/ No Loco 2.
The music is most awesome! Aye aye aye!
Try the foley burger. You won't be disappointed.
Great Cardinals Bar
Fantastic staff and exceptional service
One and only Pittsburgh Penguins bar in NYC
Since you're in this posh area, are you looking for a new home? Contact Antonio - your guide to boutique luxury service in NYC real estate. Adelrosario@ADRnewyork.com 917-680-3382
Amazing atmosphere. Be sure to take time to explore the incredible memorabilia around the walls. Once you're finished pursuing, order a Brooklyn beer and a plate of nachos.
Desayunar es increible
Home of the Irish Baseball Hall of Fame with Mets fans favorite groundskeeper, Pete Flynn.
If you're a Pittsburgh Penguins fan like me, this is the bar for you :]
Good Penguins bar in NYC
Love the buffalo chicken sandwich.
Baseball lovers need to explore their unique collection of memorabilia, grab a seat and dive into their nightly $10 dinner special and check out the men’s room.
Great sports bar! Easy to get lost for hours in the sporting memorabilia that adorns the walls/ceiling.
"Hey Farva, what's that place with all the wacky shit on the walls?" Coulda been Foley's. Decked out in sports memorabilia, with good bar food and beers on tap. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Order the Harpoon Munich Dark on tap, a rare treat.
Friebdly staff. Good food. I went for lunch and didn't have to wait for a table. Great if you're a sports fan
If you love Baseball, you'll love Foley's NY!
Fun atmosphere for any baseball fan.Went for lunch service was slow but it was a holiday. Juicy Lucy and the cordon blue sandwich was good.
Get the spicy potato wedges and cajun mayo!
Super crispy french fries.
500 home run club right up front.  'Nuff said.
Seats from the vet, Fenway and Shea
Jalapeno poppers are good, but the cajun dipping sauce makes them amazing!
This is a St. Louis Cardinals bar. Serving toasted ravs...
Don't sleep on the buffalo tater tots. Also- the cheese fries just walked by an looked amazing.
A Cardinals bar? Cool!
Raffling off autographed Darrelle Revis & Eli Manning jerseys tonight Foley`s NY Pub and Restaurant at Major League Baseball Trivia at 8pm. Proceeds benefitting The Chris Carrino Foundation for FSHD.
Labor Day weekend has $3 craft brews!
Major League Baseball Trivia presented by Trivia, A.D. and hosted by Nets Basketball radio and NFL announcer, Chris Carrino, Wednesday, September 28th 8pmEvent link; http://on.fb.me/rdUXdA
Fun, especially if you're a #Yankees fan....
Make sure you try the crackaroni and cheese!
The pho here is good. I like to add some extra vegetables to round it out a bit.
Best Chinese food in Chelsea!
Good food at a decent price better than your normal local Chinese food joint!
This place offers large and delicious portions... Big bang for your buck!
Everything I've had here is delicious. Definitely try the bunn with grilled beef and srping roll.
Yummy and creative dishes. The lobster salad and yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos = amazing. The fried cheesecake is heavenly. 've been there twice thus far and can't wait to go back!
Not as good as Sakura 6 right down the road
Management has changed, prices have gone up. I just paid $7, yes $7, for a sausage egg and cheese. After coming here 3-4x per week & spending $4 on the same thing for a year & a half. Fail.
Management seems to have changed, prices have gone up. I just paid $7, yes $7, for a sausage egg and cheese. After coming here 3-4x per week & spending $4 on the same thing for a year & a half. Fail.
This place is legitimately terrible. They got my order wrong, gave me withered blueberries, and undercooked my order after messing it up. Do not recommend.
Great omlet
Two eggs, bacon, home fries, toast, OJ and coffee $5.95. You really can't beat this place! The guys working this place are also awesome.
Don't miss this unspoiled American experience if you're looking for a good meal served by friendly staff in classic diner surroundings.
38th street diner is a NYC classic - "whiskey down hold the mayo"
We've been here 3 times during our stay in NY. The first 2 times we had a Jamaican waitress and the service was really great. Third time, maybe because we were late, the service was bad... Food is ok!
Order the Breakfast Sampler, 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, ham and pancakes.  Very good
It's as good as any diner you'd expect anywhere with New York prices.
Here's a tip: DON'T FUCKING COME HERE! 75% OFTHE STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED....SERVICE SUCKS MORE THAN A HOOKER WITH HERPES IN HER MOUTH!
Nice casual place. Order the burger deluxe with fries and onion rings mixed.
Regrettably, the oatmeal tasted like it was made with dirty dish water...maybe it was...anyhow, consider yourself warned.
Food was pedestrian. Onion rings were abysmal. The drunken Santa Clause brawl was absolutely spectacular!
The pancakes are great! The home-fries... just so-so
They have a bar at least if the other bars in the area are packed.
I adore the burritos from this cafe. I love the fact that they offer brown rice and whole wheat wraps. The variety in their buffet is awesome as well!
Food was decent. Prices are pretty good for NYC. It is odd that English seems to be the second language at the "American" restaurant, but we were able to order easily. Service was a bit slow.
Worst place ever. No one speaks english and it's way too expensive. Don't eat here.
They have the best grilled cheese and French fries
this place has quite a selection when comes to food and drink.  it's like a diner/bar/restaurant/grill.  EXTREMELY reasonable prices for a hardy amount of food. service is aiight.
service was HORRIBLE!  chicken pita was pretty good.
Food here is just so-so. Not bad not great.
Nice little midtown diner for breakfast - coffee, bacon, eggs and hash browns.
Great spinach salad but try to avoid sitting in the large wall booths, the seat backs are broken so whenever someone sits on the other side the seat back bangs into you while you're eating!
keep walking. there are better restaurants with better food near by. nyc is the dining capital of the world so you can easily do better than this place.
Great cherry pie
What JJ, what!
Come here for the drinks and the ambiance, not for the food.
Really good brunch. Reasonably priced. Good service ... Hot boy servers... Recommend! Also dog-friendly :)
This place is a nice and friendly, and  cozy! Greetings from the Hungarian (Hungary) guys :-)
The service sucks, but the food and all you can drink brunch are worth it! Their bloody marys are delish.
Whole wheat lasagna. Yes please.
Ask for the table in the front of the restaurant in the windows. Best people watching spot in Chelsea.
AYCD!!! Plus everythin weve ever eaten is delish! French toassssttttttt. Nice soundtrack too lol
Over-familiar staff, cramped tables and very rich food. Give it a miss.
Wswwwwwwww
Kyle is amazing. Ask for him as your waiter.
The apple brandy duck sausage is delicious & of their ravioli trio, the pumpkin was the true standout. Have the ravioli with cream sauce tho, to really bring out the flavors that pink/marinara don't.
Lasagna Ristorante
Come here for Halloween after 1AM. I promise you won't be disappointed. If you are, first round is on me.
This is where we had our Executive Board Dinner! Great food!
Lasagna offers fifteen different lasagna dishes and the perfect atmosphere for a fantastic Italian dinner.
good news us that the lasagne is pretty good.
food ok. don't order from the "specials" menu which looks innocuous but does not have prices. the items listed are just variations on the regular menu but $5 or $6 dollars more for no reason.
food ok. don't order from the "specials" menu which looks innocuous but does not have prices. the items listed are just variations on the regular menu but $5 or $6 dollars more for no reason.
Angel hair with mushroom.... Deeeeelicious
Chat Tim up behind the bar. You might learn something, or at least get a tasty bev.
They have $9.00 all u and drink breakfast drinks for brunch... Buy service is SHITTY and not worth the price, especially w 18% grat w groups over 5...
I ate here Friday night and got food poisoning. Stay away!
i loveeee lasagna....
Try the bruschetta as an appetizer. Delish!
With that check-in, you're now an official member of The Original Crime family's inner circle. Rest not, there are many more locales to conquer. Prep yourself by tuning in to The Borgias, Sundays at 9
For a limited time on Mondays through Thursdays, enjoy unlimited Champagne or Champagne cocktails for $10 or a free appetizer when you mention The Borgias on SHOWTIME®.
This place is bomb
Get the eggplant parm, definitely skip the tiramisu.
"Delish Italian food in the heart of Chelsea served by smokin' hot boys.  Nuff said." – Helen, Setup Squad
The brunch eggs Benedict comes on a hamburger bun, NOT an English muffin! Way too much bread.
Great buffet selection of meats, vegetables and grains. Tasty and cheap. You can get an excellent lunch for $4!
Yummy pizza!
Delicious! Try the falafel burger!
The Acropolis Hummus Salad was great!  Lots of food for the money!
When in doubt, i come here
Interesting box they provide for your falafel. Try the Crisp Authentic. Beautiful traditional NYC falafel. Service size is plenty.
There is no more Parisian.  It is now blended either the Mediterranean and called the Europa.
At this location, the Crisp Africa has baked sweet potato instead of fried.
Bring a sweater - it's super chilly in here
Baba burger is excellent!
Crisp Africa salad was ok, the extra falafel and pita bread made the meal though. Will probably try something else next time (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Have gone to Republic for Thai many times but after great calamari and shrimp pad thai at about 2/3 of the price, I'll be going back to Spice (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I just had The BaBa-Burger and it was fab!
Despite the name, falafels are anything but. Good flavor, though.
The African falafel yummmm
Good food but the service is super slow.
Falafel + peanut sauce = genius. Try the Africa.
Get the Parisian Pita!!  Outstanding!!!!
love the athenian !!!
The Parisian is ridiculous.  So good.
The Nouveau Burger will rock your socks.
I would stay clear of the fries. Nothing crisp about them
Leave yourself plenty of time. I was here for about 20 mins waiting for my falafel. Worth the wait though!
Mediocre food, bad service. If you want to know what I mean, try the nouveau burger. You will be greeted with the question: "You already know what you're ordering?"
Best falafel in the city, fresh & crunchy w/ creative, healthy options. Try the Africa.
Try the white grape ice tea - ask for sweeten, just perfect to go with Crisp Africa.
Call ahead for lunch.  Speeds up the wait
Crisp CLT is simple yet so delicious. I could literally eat it every day.
Try the Crisp Nouveau burger, it takes the idea of a veggie burger to another level!
I had the Parisian sandwich and fell in love. Check their website for August special offers!
Follow on twitter for lots of coupons.
If you love falafel, you will love this place.
Blue crab summer roll is delicious!
Amazing staff and amazing sushi. Say hi to Linda when you walk in and enjoy some food from the sushi gods !
Intimate Japanese fusion place serves up a variety of sushi and sashimi dishes with a distinct flair. Try the lunch special with Grilled Lemongrass Shrimp for appetizers, and the Sesame Crusted Salmon
No air conditioning.
Spring roll was delicious
Sushi lunch special with two appetizers (+$3.95)
Try the 3rd Avenue Roll.
The pad thai lunch special is just yummy!
For all you can drink, you spend $13 on food and $13 on drinks, then all drinks free. Only sake and Japanese beer, 2 hour limit, ends at 11pm.
Special rolls are nice, but the lunch special and small rolls didn't taste that fresh
Really great staff and great sushi and sake deals.  Great for a group outing.
As your mayor, I instate drunken fun with awesome sushi as a side dish.
Manhattan roll and dragon roll FTW.
Try the chilean sea bass app, hako sushi, and the unfiltered sake!
Mini size is a good portion for one person.  "Small" is enough for 2.
LOVE THIS PLACE. They offer a jerk chick salad that is BOMB!!!
Jerk Chicken, a spicy char grilled chicken with Jamaican seasoning. What else would you order here? A Midtown gem on 7th Avenue.
Go for the jerk chicken if you crave spicy/hot
Come for lunch and get the combo
General tso and chicken and broccoli  with white rice
oxtail are the best in the city!
You can request additional Kimchi for free!
Cash only place, but they have an ATM!
It's nice to be a regular...
$4.99 salad bar after 4pm.
Not worth it.
Stand a few feet back from the ATM, it fires your money back at you like a machine gun
Better off buying your bananas from the food cart on the corner.
Best deli omelettes in the neighborhood
50% OFF coffee beans!!
GREAT staff. Funny. Helpful. Cut Em a break when it's busy.
I always get bfast here service ESP the morning crew they know the right taste that what you like. Even though  there is a long line .
Venti for me! I need it today!
Best starbucks staff in the city. Never have to order as they always remember what I want.
No biscotti!
Never encountered a long line here.  Try the blonde roast, actually tastes like coffee, not burnt.
No vanilla bean Frap 
Morning crew is the best, but everyone there's a long line.
Awesome staff! Super nice! Gets busy mid afternoon!
Most of the time  hit or missed the line is longgggg:)
Small store but nicest staff ever!
They've remodeled and have a toaster, sandwiches and pastries! Still no public bathroom..
This is our local Starbucks, a company fave! GL comes here, often.
Register broken. Temp close at 4:45pm 8/31/11.
Manager's name is Tera.  She's the best.
Say thank you and vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
There are pre_made sandwiches and other food
The staff here is so nice! Mocha coconut fraps are the best!
Friendliest Starbucks employees between herald and times.
no bathroom
This place quiets down after 6pm. Perfect place for the post-work drink.
Long lines, takes forever to get a coffee and pay for it.
Lines are much shorter than broadway and 41st.
No sandwiches at this one
Good pizza good service a lot variable choices
Good pizza good taste a lot of different choices
it's kosher now, so no more buffalo chicken pizza or chicken rolls. but more jews!
For $3.25 a slice, I expected something much larger than what I got.  So sad. This was the smallest slice I've ever received in NYC.  Disappointed.
Just turned kosher, now the Jews may feast!
Buffalo Chicken pizza mhmmm
It gets really crowded after 12:30pm. The rolls are really good !
Get the garlic knots
The plain square "grandma slices" are pretty good
Good chicken roll. Ask for sauce.
Good eggplant slice stuffed with all kinds of veggies.
Good..........
Really good Sicilian! And I'm not even into Sicilian!
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Great cheese pizza!
Don't get the white slice here.
Lunch bento boxes! Just make sure the delivery guy gets it right.
Warning for those who don't carry cash: minimum purchase for credit card is $5
Upside: Solid Sicilian pie delivered in a timely manner.Downside: Not actually prepared by Lady Gaga. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Where's lady?
Breakfast items are great! But is suggest steering clear of the sesame chicken at lunch. Not so good.
go to the register in the back for quicker service at lunchtime
Ramen = yes.
Silo but cheaper!! Finally and so yummy!
Getting better. Dumpling + noodle dry mix isn't bad. Good quick fix for Chinese food in the area.
Grossest dumplings ever!!!!! Overly oily. Bubble tea pearls are hard as ever. Never again!!!!!!
Meh. Veggie dumplings and garlic sauce were painfully bland. The owner told me "oh it's spicy, can u handle?" Lies! They don't give white ppl chopsticks either. Buxiang… (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Mentai Shrimp Gyoza are delicate and delicious
Mentai Croquettes are back on the menu!
Have anything. It's all delicious :-)
Love the ramen. Be adventurous and try the chicken gizzards, you won't be disappointed.
One of the current specials: Kimchee marinated deep fried catfish is amaaaazing.
Do not get the Hakata Cheesesteak -- it is inedible.
Wonderful small Japanese plates, great atmosphere and music. Order one of everything.
brussel sprouts are awesome
Diamond in the rough. Get the chashu ramen, gyoza, and Brussels sprouts.
RS says: Try the Chashu Ramen. Pub grub at its Japanese best, "Only one ramen is offered and is based in a murky pig-foot broth that tastes like it's been boiled for three years. Plenty of pork, too."
Ramen is fantastic!
Skip the 14 dollar ramen, it's  basically a small bowl of angel hair pasta in tonkotsu broth. Not worth it.
subarashiiiii!
Like you're in a Tokyo side street. Excellent chasui ramen. And try the family sake that come comes in a square cup.
Miso brussel sprout are amazing!
Currently: Mentai Croquettes are off menu but ESSENTIAL. Ask if they have it when you're there!
Most Murakami-esque spot. Order the ramen that's not on the menu, and put something on the jukebox.
Don't be shy: the Pinball Gizzards here are the bizness.
Gyoza, buta kimchee, ramen, done. Don't miss the old school jukebox and crazy framed photos.
Hidden gem! My faves are ramen-- pork is melt-in-mouth and love the ginger they put in it. Spicy tuna roll. Buta-kimchee. Gyoza.
Best Ramen in the City!!
Miso brussel sprouts and ramen are not to be missed.
Pigs toes (Tonsoku), frog's legs (Jampin Jerk Frog ), chicken wings (Hakata). Lots to try at this Japanese izakaya. Not a sushi place, more for great bar food.
Closed on Mondays.
Holy shit, the miso brussel sprouts are crack!
Mentai gyoza, mentai potato salad, oil sardines (not from the gulf, har har), pork belly, nanban, onigiri, and tonsuku. Can't go wrong! Also 2nd best ramen in NYC!
Grilled chicken wings with salt, rice balls with pickled plum and ramen are a must!
Chillest late-nite eating in W Village (to 2pm Fri & Sat). Delicious Japanese bar food, sake, great music - not too loud for coversation - and atmosphere to burn. But a little spendy.
Ramen and also the BBQ beef bowl.  Yumm!
best ramen in NYC
The Brussels Sprouts as a side are Fantastic! Just the right level of spice from the chorizo and salsa.
West Village – $25 for unlimited Sangria, flavored Mimosas and Beer  for 2 hours.  Includes outside seating!
A bit over-priced and waiters are all over the place. Small portions but food is actually great.
This place was great to sit outside. I had the flautas. They were okay, could have used more seasoning. Don't order the salsa, it doesn't come with chips. The margaritas were delicious.
Wretchedly SLOW SLOW SLOW service. Bullshit happy hour deal. A little overpriced.
Be a fattie with me on Taco Tuesdays - 2 tacos from the menu for $5 all night. Side note: Javier is kind of a hottie.
Try the Guacamoles!! Get place!
Best ceviche and margaritas. Try the Smoky Pablo!
Pepino el pyu all the way
Despite what the waitress says you can actually get a strawberry margarita with the brunch special!
The tacos are super greasy. I was told that my "pescado" tacos would be grilled and they were deep-fried. My friend got the "carne" tacos and they were even greasier than the fish tacos I ordered.
Try the Trio Of Ceviche - Girls dinner! Love ceviche!!!! Healthy and delicious !  (via @Foodspotting)
Excellent mahi mahi tacos but very small portions. Recommend 3 taco entrees for 2 people. Excellent margaritas but could have been larger.
You have to try the shrimp ceviche with pineapple!
For Happy Hour choose from off-the-beaten-path options like a Pepino el Pyu (cucumber and cumin) Margarita ($5.50) or a Smokey Pablo ($6) featuring mango puree and a blueberry float.
I love the Mercado margarita with Espolon silver!
Their fish tacos are the best I've ever had!
Try the awesome guacamole sampler and the shrimp tacos.  Delicious!
My favorite Mexican in NYC. Menu changes seasonally. Go for the guac sampler - always a mix of sweet and spicy. Take your pick of the tacos - can't go wrong!
I love tacos.
Not worth the price.
Mercadito margarita if you like sweet & heat.
Tacos are by far mediocre. Go to Queens for amazing tacos at 1/3 of the price. Good election of tequilas. Should you dine.. Ask for the yellow habanero sauce if you dare. Killer!!!
Try the Smoky Pablo!  Ayaiyai!
Order the guacamole sampler- you won't regret it!
Try the guacamole sampler. Includes traditional, mango guacamole and pomegranate guacamole. Pom guac was surprisingly tasty and perhaps my fave...also red sangria to die for!
They brought Shrimp Tacos to Choice Eats- Corn tortilla, sauteed shrimp with chile chipotle, garlic, and avocado slice. Yummy!
Must try cocktail ----> b.n.g.t.m. (Big nose goes to mexico) with Herradura Blanco & reposado, dark rum, guava, orgeat, and a touch of fire ... No really, FIRE. :)
The margarita tres citrico is a must
Carne tacos are so delicious! Mahi Mahi ceviche is super refreshing.
Great oysters choice with daily offer for $0.90 only! Casual atmosphere and really friendly staff.
Brussel sprouts...awesome, as is tuna tartare.
Hidden gem at the heart of midtown. Make sure you have some time to enjoy the food and company.
Best clam chowder in the city
everything here is fresh and delicious. stop by for happy hour every day from 12-6 for $1 oysters.
Fresh fish bar and restaurant where they list the sustainability of the fish on the menu. Supreme.
Great oysters, unfortunately rude service :-(
Eco-conscious foodies unite! What began with a van and a few tubs of ice back in 1992 has blossomed into one of the city's best spots for finding super fresh, sustainability-minded fish of all stripes
Wild Edibles535 3rd Ave (at 36 St), New York, NY 10016(212) 213-8552
Come here for the oysters, Wild Edibles offers some of the best specials in NYC.  We love "The Patriot" - 6 New England oysters with 3 draws of beer or 3 pours of wine.
Try the frontier mussels. Possibly the best mussels I've ever had
Try the Fr
The Oyster Tempura = tingle-worthy
Great tuna tartar, fresh and perfect with the bread crisps.
good food, slowww service
The new england clam chowder was missing clams. Lobster roll was just mediocre. I do want to come again to try few other things
Get the oyster tempura appetizer.  It's out of this world.
The tuna steak is amazing!!
Scallops were very fresh and cooked perfectly. Pan-roasted brussels sprouts were also awesome.
Best Fish and Chips I've had outside of the British Isles
freshest clams on the half-shell i've had in nyc
Excellent craft brews on tap!!
Oh Canada oyster sampler is tasty!
$1/oyster *everyday* 2-5pm plus beer and wine flights. And service rocks
Eat great fresh fish and plenty of it. Prepared to perfection.
New England Clam Chowder... Followed by some Wild Salmon.
A hidden Gramercy gem!! Gourmet Chinese & sushi fusion with amazing lunch specials and a sexy bar area! My new go-to lunch spot. :)
Best sesame chicken dish I can remember having.
Good food. Good beer selection.
If your looking for Chinese food, Chef 28 is your spot!!!
Best Chinese place in the area for lunch specials.
Grazing platter for 2 is $10.50?! amazing.
Food & drinks are adequately priced. Decent service & accommodating. Nice spot for get together with friends/colleagues!!
Amazing dragon rolls and tempura. Deliver to over 20 blocks away
Go with the eggroll. Roll your eggs!
The general tsp prawns are amazing
Get a perfectly poured -- and huge -- gin martini.
This place slays Chipotle. They have some many hot sauces!
Carnitas tacos for president!
Tasty Horchata, well worth tasting.
tortilla soup!  love this place
The chorizo breakfast tacos are damn near perfect. Best I've had in NYC.
SHRIMP BURRITO!!! Yes.
They make their churros to order (~5min) so make sure you order ahead if you want them!
The chicken salad, the carnita tacos & chips with guacamole are all must haves!
Get the breakfast tacos. You won't regret it.
Try the Breakfast Tacos - #BFastTacos and big ideas w/@bradalesi (via @Foodspotting)
Carnitas rule here. Get it with the habanero sauce for an added kick!
Even though they don't want to, ask for carne asada on the torta. It falls apart and is messy but is awesome.
The homemade chorizo is succulent and savory need I say more? Get the 2 for 3.50 breakfast taco special. You won't be disappointed.
grilled corn yum!
My favorite place to eat right now.
Awesome for lunch, and now serves Mexican breakfast, which is excellent too.
They just started serving tortas yay!!! Yummy!
great tortilla soup like no other!
INCREDIBLE hot chocolate. Hidden gem of the menu!
If you're in the area go.to calexico instead. This is another nyc taco place that forgets about a quality tortilla
Chorizo mmmmmmm
thumbs up on prices and ingredients. thumbs down on bland flavor and mediocre tortillas.
Love the naked burrito and the tortilla soup!
Chubbiest burrito ever! And so yummy. Add guacamole to the chicken burrito!
Call an audible: black bean soup (delicious) and 1 or 2 tacos. You're a fool if you don't throw el yucateco on top
When you're not near La Esquina.
This is becoming my favorite place to get lunch in the vicinity of our office. A little more expensive than Chipotle, but shorter lines and so yummy! - Todd Olmstead
tacos are delicious but small. get an assortment!
Debatable if its better than Dos Torros, but its damn good and definitely better than larger chains. Get the Carnitas burrito and ask for the habanero sauce.
Tamales are so damn good here!
best chicken and rice in new york. get a lot of the white sauce!
Try the kofta. One of the few trucks that has this.
I know everyone raves about 53rd and 6th, but this is just as good, and there is never a wait.
Do NOT get the cheesesteak; it was mostly bread with maybe 6 pcs of "steak".  What a ripoff!!!
The eggplant platter is fantastic.
Definitely choose this Falafel cart over the one near the black building. You won't be disappointed!
Lunch specials offered on weekdays
런치스페셜 맛나욤!!!
Ge t the 파닭 (scallion chicken)!
Half off entire tab for ladies on Tuesday night!
4 LOKOS in the house...
Sandwiches!!! Mmm yummy
The coffee is good....
Try the Steak Sandwiches... They da BOMB!!!  BOOOM
The food is good but that 's it! Service is horrible..servers at the counter ignore you and pretend you're not there ..my family spends their money here as I refuse to give them business.
Delish dish - whole roast chicken w rice & beans, maduros, ensalada con aguacate. Mon night empty, service great food great go!
5 beers for 10 bucks... Best deal in NY
Los 3 golpes
Fried chicken chunks without bones & fried plantain is the way to go
Addicted to the cooking of Dominican woman amongst other things that make us smile. After the club or on Sunday is the best time to come here. Excellent food.
Addicted to the cooking of Dominican woman amongst other things that make us smile. After the club or on Sunday is the best time to come here. Excellent food.
The service is very BAD!
Chuleta frita con arroz y hab
We waited an hour for our food and it wasn't even good. Horrible service! We almost left but the waitress wouldn't let us leave even though they were taking too long w/ our food
Los fines de semana los camareros se la lucen, no te atienden bien y te dejan esperando! Me tuve que ir pues no me atendieron.
$1 menu is better than burger king, but not as good as mcdonalds. ps - go to sobro viva cafe for healthy in the hub (bergen/149th).
Thick banana and vanilla shakes are winners here :)
Def not my fav place!  Been there only twice in the 7yrs of living in this neighborhood and the 2nd time was just for change. :(
This place is amazing.  Any given minute you hear the young people speaking Spanish and the older folks speaking Greek and Yiddish. A true representation of future America.
They have a dollar menu in Manhattan!! That's huge! No complaining unless you provide specific constructive feedback people. Don't be rude.
They have the new coke machine and you can make your own flavors.  Get the $1 drink.
I hate this place. They move at a snails pace. Slowest service ever.
If you're hungry - don't come here. It's  late and i''ve knocked on their windows that's until 4 am, and I was here at 3 am
McFrozen lemonade - ooh la la
Slow. Only mgr speaks English. But he's nice.
Make it to go because there's to many DVD sellers and hobos
This place is GHETTO!  No ATM the employees are RUDE.  All around NAS-TAY!
Better than Burger King...
Caught in between two popular spots on st Nicholas but definitely worth it! Torta de milanesa? Yes.
Tostada de pollo, freakin awesome!! Definitely should come here good food!
Chorizo burrito, start there...
3.50 beers all day everyday. Great food. Can't go wrong.
Mini elephant ears are the freaking BOMB!!! Gained 4lbs in 2 months!! At . 4/$1.00, no need to think....JUST DO IT!!!!
El mejor cafe con lechwe
Have not had coffee as tasty as this one
The Tres Leches cake is off the hook! Best so far
LOVE the pan the manteca!
Get the special half a chicken with rice n bean for 7 bucks!
Very good Dominican sandwich for breakfast
Their cakes are orgasmic! The best dominican cakes in Manhattan
Best Eggs Benedict I've tried. With a chai latte, brunch hits the spot.
The kipes! Need I say more?
Good food.
Very nice place.
My home away from home. Seriously.
Get a window table and eat the amazing pickles!!!! Best in the city.
Nice late afternoon meal. Sweet and efficient server. Ask for Yoko.
Seafood bisque...so good
Their french toast with scrambled eggs makes for a good breakfast.
the best fresh squeezed juice!
Make sure you ask for the fries to be well done for take out orders. Otherwise, these guys are great. Staff and owners are the best.
Always tip the waitress more than 20 percent, they provide great service!!
The staff is super terrific. Be sure to tip them well!
Amy is the nicest waitress... Ask for her!
Just about the best diner in the city!
The boiled red cabbage was divine.
Hudson view's great since they reopened under new management. Everything's delicious and home made and reasonably priced. Staff's fast and and friendly. Now THIS is coffee shop. They deliver too!
Best place ever on a weekend morning, it's a greasy spoon with character.
Served me extremely undercooked eggs then gave me a hard time when I asked them to remake. I won't be coming back.
Weekend brunches are the best meals of the week. Two eggs sunny side up with a side of bacon. And my favorite coffee in the city.
awesome chicken fingers!
the Oreo pancakes are a frequent special and they're to die for!!! *)
Free wifi and seems chill you could prob just sit here and not buy anything
Got a diet coke. It was completely flat   :(
No refills, no chocolate Frosties. This is NOT the Wendy's you know. Stay away for the good of, well, good.
Buffalo wings are great. Come here before the Yankee games!
Re-located to Piers 92/94 for Techcrunch Disrupt 2011 - come check out the @redbullcreation finalists #RBcreation.
Try the sugar donuts. Trust me!
Best prices in Harlem!!
A must try is the #6 TenderCrisp Chicken Sandwich, especially when it is fresh.
Great 2 for $3 breakfast sandwiches and $1 double cheeseburgers!!
They don't speak English but they cook a fine steak
Best bagels in northern NJ
Nice and friendly service....a little slow but good bagel all around...
Classic Northeast Italian American cooking and a proper pizza.
Pizza,  bar none top 3 in bergen county
Pizza was surprising good. Thin crust. Could use a little more tomato sauce.
Very good pizza.  The chicken parm hero and also baked zita are delicious.
Best Ethiopian I have had in the city. And the staff is very nice. What a treat!
Breakfast is quick & really reasonable!
Chicken pesto white pizza is pretty good.
2 cheese slices and a coke, $4.
Cheeseburger special is the ish!
Bring cash
Great patties!
Curry chicken and jerk chicken are delicious. Add calypso sauce.
The chicken and shrimp w broccoli and fried rice is DA BOMB, great lo mein, average wings
I love this place. It is the epitome of nyc chinese take out and the food is PERFECT.
A cat lives here!
So sad this place has been taken over by new people. The guys there were the best :( <3
Everyone here is very nice, great selection of sandwiched and such. Veggie panini is awesome, ask for some hot sauce on it.
LOVE iced coffee..the guy at the counter is very polite! Always greats me and the kids with a smile!
Poor service. Something always goes wrong with my order when I go here.
Great, fresh sandwiches, including a really good veggie one.
Get the boot it's like the greatest thing in the world!!!!
Nice and cool...
everything is great, the prices are fair, the bartenders are usually nice, the day crowd is much better, the prices are jacked up at night time, happy hours is the best in the city.
Great music!!
The grilled cheese burger is pretty bad ass! Tuesday's they have $2 tacos ant hotdogs for people under a budget.
Stay away from the nachos, unless you like cheese whiz and bad guacamole.
the bartender sj is awesome.....go Sunday and ask for her
Holy flamin' Scorpion Bowl! After a friend and I finished one, any recollection of what happened after is a blur. Fun bartenders and awesome place to pre-game.
Always a good time and the bartenders ROCK!
$3 Sangrias are fabulous here! A steal!
DAD BOOOT!!
They have a cell phone charger machine! $1 for 15 minutes. This definitely came in handy after the Giants parade!
$2 dollar tuesdays
Fun place to grab drink deals, watch sports, and hear loud music while in The Village.
Buffalo Tenders Mac & Cheese!!
Christmas shots!
Great atmosphere - cheap drinks, good music, fun people. What could be better? Don't forget to sign up for LocalBonus and earn points toward wings, dinner for two, and happy hours!
Stop in for their amazing buffalo chicken mac & cheese. Burgers are big and cooked to order. Good for watching football.
Bartender served a double whiskey when he asked for a crown and makers separate; she wouldn't make him new drinks w/o charge. Poor service.
Changed the channel on my football game with 2 minutes left to go after other team just got lead. Bad football etiquette. Do not recommend.
Love this place.   Great music.  Chill.
Coyote Ugly looking spot...not bad at all if you're looking for a loud party place
Cool spot. Reasonably priced drinks & Good music.
Three dollah sangria on Sundays.  Muy bueno.
Super cheap drinks. Great music. Place is a little cramped, but super fun. Don't try their sangria...tastes very watered down.
Use bartab to redeem a $1 drink and send your friends a drink with the bartab application.. only on iPhone and Android.
Bartender was awesome!! So is the music
Drink cheap and fast, then escape!
The dirty burger is awesome
Sangria is nice and strong.  Try the guacamole which they just added to their menu, it's great!
Sausage, one egg, and cheese for $2. Homie knows what's up.
The guy in front of Stern is generous. Always shaves off money or gives you extra!
Guy says "always ask for large coffee, same price as medium"
Around the Seaport on 7/14? Village Voice'll be rocking out @ 2012 4Knots Music Fest, ft. Archers of Loaf, The Drums & more! goo.gl/x1Ak3
Good happy hour drink specials & decent sandwiches in an outdoor setting but don't expect anything fancy. Good for a summer afternoon or evening.
Nice location, you can sit outside right next to A&F. Food quality ok. Service is quite poor as we need to order twice to get everything served and it was still not what we have tried to order.
Not so great.
Lobster ceviche was good - otherwise largely undeserving of the hype. Food is mediocre; service blasé. Empellon is a better bet in the neighborhood.
First tip I've left. Truly not worth it. Go elsewhere.
Waited 45 minutes to be seated. Guacamole was delicious, but the fish tacos were questionable. Our waiter kindly apologized and brought dessert on the house, wouldn't go back again.
The lobster ceviche was amazing. The rest was okay. Service was good, but the atmosphere was too crowded.
Yum! Especially guac, queso fundido, chopped salad, and shrimp tacos. Ok everything I ate
Burrito is delicious! The guac is a bit pricey but it's delicious, fresh and done to your preference (e.g. Cilantro, medium, mild, or spicy, etc).
Corn tamale = awesome
Such a great new addition to the neighborhood. Get the tuna tartare
would come here just for their dessert
The tacos are perfect for lunch. Great food and great service. Will definitely be back!
Try the open faced quesadilla with steak.  Amazing!
Definitely bother the chef. He loves it. ETB4EVER
Must have side= Mexican street corn.  For entree the skirt steak is so tender and chicken tacos are very flavorful
New. Fresh-made guacamole, lots of ceviche options, grilled lobster, pork confit, and an entire section of tacos.
The menu is authentic, innovative and I love this area in the West Village.  Check out this new restaurant and bar, which incidentally, just opened yesterday!
French toast is enormous - if you're not that hungry, share....
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Try the ices green tea with ginger and lemon but ask them to steam it. Best morning cuppa in town.
Cute, quaint, beachy atmosphere. Super friendly staff. Would probably be more efficient if the food menu was available however.
The banana buttermilk pancakes are awesome!
Brunch til 5pm on the weekends.
Chicken salad was scrumptious! Will highly recommend and will be returning!
The quiches are delicious so is the coffee!! Price is reasonable too!!
Best French toast I've ever had (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Amy and Kevin, the husband and wife proprietors, have an electric ZAP (Zero Air Pollution) car, which Kevin can be seen driving around town to deliver catering.
Too many fucking kids!
Love the spinach and feta biscuits, a must. But watch out for the occasional coffee grain or two in your iced latte.
Ask for Rob, he will treat you right.
Flourless chocolate cake is heaven! And the strawberry lemonade tastes real & delicious, not like artificial flavours.
The polenta muffin is awe-mazing
The maple sticky buns are awesome! But they are only available on Saturday and Sunday. Weekend indulgence!!
Always great for breakfast, coffee and light snacks
Cute, cozy cafe... Good, reasonably priced snacks. $5 organic breakfast egg roll... A real winner!!
The cornbread is to die for.
The food here is super cheap and very good! Egg wrap with bacon and avacado was amazing!
Strawberry lemonade will make your lips pucker like you were goin in for your first kiss!
Huevos Verdes for brunch!
Green tea with ginger. I can't. Handle. It.
Prepare to have each tastebud rung through a shower of refreshment with the Ginger Iced tea
The bacon cheddar biscuit. Get it.
iced coffee is the best here
peppermint tea and free wifi!
The tuna melt is amazing!
Devour a cupcake.
open 24 hours and philly cheesesteak wont let you down
No TVs!!!!
The waiter told me that I either consumed alcohol or I couldn't stay. He wanted to make more than the $3 a juice costs he said.
Start with a coffee. Get productive. End with a(some) beer.
If you go in a night when Kevin is tending you are in luck! He knows his wines and is generous. Wonderful spot. A haven on the block.
My fav bar these days. Nice place to grab a beer after a long day.
A/c is too high
Quaint coffee shop by day, filled with people reading and working on laptops and taking advantage of free WiFi; by night it transforms into a full blown wine bar.
If you are looking for a coffee shop to work or read, V Bar has free wifi and lots of space to sit. The staff is always super friendly too. -Sammy
One of my favorite cappuccinos. Respectable music selection too.
Try the Almond Croissant with a Darjeeling Tea. It's excellent.
Solid study spot
Work space by day (outlets + WiFi). Bar by night w/ awesome wine list! Vibe = rustic hipster.
say hi to Matt the barista, and ask him about the Zucchini Muffin ;)
The new staff needs customer kindness courses... third rail may take over if they keep it up
Try the Iced Latte - Something cold to celebrate this relatively warm winter day! (via @Foodspotting)
A great little bar with different personalities.  Come during the day to have a coffee and get some work done, or come at night to enjoy a glass of wine and relax.
Try the Almond croissant - I've been meaning to check out VBar since 2007. No day like today! (via @Foodspotting)
mocha is good. zucchini whatchamacallit also good. Matt is a nice barista =)
Drinkopoly is on the shelf to the left when you walk in. Grab the game and have some blurry fun with friends!
Great place to work from during the day. Usually a seat open and a place to plug in. Also, free WiFi.
This little bar is so noisy! I'm getting old.
great spot for a drink/chat. low lights, cool vibe.
Put some money on the karma board for yourself or a friend. It comes in handy.
They have Paulaner Hefe-Weizen. That's all you need to know.
New rule. They turn off the WIFI at 6 pm. After that you're SOL.
it's a coffee shop during the day and a bar at night
Delicious coffee and wifi during the day, turns seamlessly into a lovely winebar in the evenings. Good food, nice bartenders, and relaxed atmosphere always.
they turn off the WiFi if you try to nerd it up too late on a weekend night.
try the 'bread, olives & cheese' plate. only $8
tell Fletcher the bartender that you used to live in Hawaii
The Tiramisu is perfection
Get the portobella balsamico & the paglia a fieno!
Established 1918, continuously family owned & operated. Features Italian cuisine and a veteran wait staff that gives it a homey feeling. Chef is willing to design a menu for the table.
The bolognese sauce is awesome...especially with a fettuccine noodle made out of spinach
Fantastic spaghetti with pesto sauce!
Ask for the chef's tasting menu, it is delicious, you won't regret it!
Best bolognese sauce ever! Their pasta is homemade, great great restaurant!
Everything is great! From beginning to end. From the wine list to desserts. This is the Real Italian thing! Beautiful and cozy atmosphere.
chef Pietro comes out of the kitchen with warm focaccia just got out of the oven!!! Great for group gathering and parties, the whole restaurant would sing the Happy Birthday song!
Have the "carciofini vura" (baby artichokes) baked and serve in a light lemon sauce, you won't regret it. I also recommend Eggplant Parmigiana, so light and layers thinly sliced, great tomato sauce!
Have the Italian cheesecake!! It's soooo good and very light, you won't feel stuffed after you have it, great dessert!
Olive Garden?? LOL they make their food out of canned and frozen food eww! Monte's is real authentic Italian with its homemade pasta, unique place to enjoy the best bolognese sauce ever!!!
not only was Goodfellas filmed here, but the food is outstanding delicious classic Italian
Once I had a delivery from The Olive Garden in Waco, TX. It was better than the food here.
They have a big room upstairs -- great for kids and groups
Everything we got was mouth watering! Calamari, bacon wrapped dates, Serrano ham plate, tortilla espanola, the lentil soup and the ham croquettes! Try the sangria as well - white and red were fire!
Simple dishes with great flavors. The shrimp in garlic olive oil is a must - dip your bread in it! Paella is amazing but small. Overall fun and beautiful place for a date or a girls night out!
Make reservations well in advance! Otherwise the community table always proves to provide interesting company.
eu quero e perguntar como usa esse negocio
One of the restaurants inside ABC Home, Pipa offers fantastic food & drinks. Order the patatas bravas, yum! Great for lunch, dinner, or a party. Recommend this spot for the ambience alone.
Amazing Spanish style tapas and the best Sangria in town.  The ceilings are covered in gorgeous vintage chandeliers! –Megan
Pipa, the Spanish-Latin fusion tapas place that's popular with the design set, is fortuitously located near movie theaters on Broadway and Union Square.
Calamari is rockin!!
Great ambience but very poor service. We spent ages just waiting for a table. Not too many veggie options either. Sangria was aok. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Kobe beef burger is GREAT. So are the shrimp in Garlic
Amazing service. Sangria and scallops
Had the calamari, bistec flatbread and red sangria--all delicious! The ambiance is beautiful and they do live flamenco Monday nights
Serrano ham sandwich is awesome!!
Great Calamari with paprika! And the Gin and cucumber drink is unreal! It's the house cocktail ;)
Great date spot. Sexy atmosphere.
One of my new favorites. Goat cheese croquette + calamari are both amazing!
Have the calamari.
Awesome calamari
Dates and endives are amazing. Drink the pineapple mojito
Sangria Pitcher, Fried Calamari, Pigs in dates, croquetas de queso
Calamaris!!!!!! Just amazing!!! And the bartender is hot!
go for the piggy back dates & stay far away from the patatas bravas #disappointing
Great ambiance, not so great food. Calamari did not live up to the hype!
Awesome tappas and great drinks.
Celebrate Accordant Media's anniversary
Enjoy pitchers of sangria and delicious tapas at this chic, rustic and romantic joint.  We could eat their Calamari all day long – as well as the Pipa and Beef Meatballs.
One of the restaurants inside ABC Home, Pipa offers fantastic food & drinks. Order the patatas bravas, yum! Great for lunch, dinner, or a party. Recommend this spot for the ambience alone. —Kristin K.
The Chicken croquets andespecially the Kobe beef burgers are amazing
Mini Chorizo is the best !
Congrats Ali!!!!!!!
Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday happy hour barbecue specials are the best!
I love Plum wine..!!!
Good food however the service is incompetent and manager stinks. Gave us the wrong dish and made us pay cause we "ate" it. I'm not the food expert, how should I know the difference?
The Kobe Assortment for Two is a must have! And beef tongue!
Try the Kobe Beef Plate - This rocks!!  (via @Foodspotting)
Loved this resto! The place is small but very good. The food was great; u grill ur bbq on your table. Their mango ice cream is good too.  And, theyre not pricey!
Go for the Wagyu
Straight forward: Take off your shoes
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants of all time! Japanese grill + sushi = happiness. Remember to wear socks because you'll be taking off your shoes here...
As for the custom, take off your shoes by the "genkan" and get ready for THE real Japanese barbecue
Yummy Yakiniku West !
it's all about the early bird special: $10. That is all. (5 to 6 pm)
Great food, great ambiance, great weekday happy hour specials on meat and beer.
Great environment. Great food. Cheap beer during happy hour. Good sushi. Make a reservation if you're going in a big group, you'll get your own room. Bring socks too. They make you take off your shoes
take full advantage of the 1/2 priced meats on certain week days. yum.
wow i like the barbeque
The gyoza is amazing.
So good! Make sure you catch the happy hour!
Pretty good BBQ :)
The short rib set is simply amazing
Best japanese BBQ in NYC!
An amazing Japanese barbecue spot on 9th St. & 2nd Avenue. You cook your own food. You get huge plates of filet mignon & cook it with all sorts of sauces.
Try the Kurobuta Pork Belly and Jaw - Pork fattyness and 3 types of sauces. Grill-at-your-table is more fun after a full night of drinking, at 4 AM. Eaten along with some clams, Okonomiyaki, Shiranami
Best grill your own food. No great for conversations with more than 6. Love the ice cream. Mango is my favorite.
The specials here are awesome! Come Monday, Wednesday, or Sunday!
good happy hour, grill your own & friendly staff.
The best Yakiniku in town, Don't miss their Sunday Kobe beef Special
sake bombs with the wait staff
Favorite weeknight sushi place. Beware you do take your shoes off, keep feet/socks "appropriate".
best shrimp dumplings
Amazing coffee here. Skip starbucks; come here instead. They don't open until 10 am though.
this place wasnt very good. onward and upward! welcome to the new tenant!
Two simple pizza slices and soda under $5 - cheaper than a gyro!
Tasty spiced ice tea.
Great salads!
Burgers and Guinness.
When the bartenders tell you to leave around 4:30 am, listen to them
You can't sit down unless you eat. Move on to the next bar.
http://www.mollysshebeen.com/welcome.html
Great place get cornbeef sandwich
Shepard's pie, Shepard's pie Shepard's pue'
Fish n chips were stale and the waitresses are rude.
Rancid chicken tenders. Waitress took them back and gave us a new batch but those were also spoiled. Service - AWFUL.  Complete disappointment. I hope it shuts down & something w edible food moves in.
Shepard's pie! Nuf said!
If there is a heaven there better be a bar like this with burgers this massive.
The. Best. Irish. Pub. EVER! (or at least in NYC) The burgers are as big as your head, the onion rings are to die for and the staff will never forget your face.
Grab a guineas, burger and a seat at the bar for interesting comvos. Still deciding if patrons are awesome or crazy
Come on St. Paddy's day and get gouged.
everyone recommends the stew!
Best Shamrock Bar
Try the Bacon Cheeseburger With Fries (via @Foodspotting)
Molly's has one of the best burgers in town. I like mine with bleu cheese.
Molly’s is authentic in all the ways it should be, from the endearingly gruff service to the old-time regulars & traditional pints. It’s especially warm and cozy in the winter.
Fantastic Food and the people are so friendly
Burgers are amazing !!!!!!
They were out of mozzarella sticks when I went but I saw someone else eating them and they looked amazing.
A pretty nice place with the best barkeeper!!
Perfection! And here I thought I'd been to every legit Irish bar NYC had to offer a girl named Erin.
Ambiance is nice, but do not order food!
This classic bar survived Prohibition by posing as a grocery, and in 1964 was made over in its current style and named Molly Malone’s. Twenty years ago, it was renamed Molly’s Shebeen.
Very good burgers here, but come for the best pint of Guinness in New York.
Order everything. No lie. The mozzarella sticks are homemade and aamazing. I haven't had a single thing here that hasn't been freakin genius. Best guinness in the city and my favorite bartender ever.
Bison burger is amazing plus an ipa... And your good to go!
I can guarantee you've never had mozzarella sticks like these anywhere else. Yum.
Guineas on tap, saw dust on floor. Almost like a real pub, complete with cheesy 80s music warbling away in the background. Not the saw dust though. That's a bit affected
Honestly best tasting Hazelnut I ever had and everything bagel w vegatable cream cheese
Egg salad everything bagel, salt and extra pepper. The best.
As Corey said, they sell bagels! Even I know that.
Amazing bagels! Packed on weekends. Avoid ordering delivery then. Best to go in person.
The Gansevoort is mistaken, definitely not the best bagels on NYC. Pretty good though. Better off hitting Ess-a-Bagel
Try a bagel.
sourdough bagel. trust me, just try it! you'll fall in love
Decent bagel. Had the lox spread. Way overpriced- $5 for a bagel? Not thanks. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Massive bagels
An Everything Bagel... With your favorite filling!
Poor man's Ess-a-Bagel :(
Best Bagels in NYC - try one of the whole wheat everything flagels!!
The Sourdough bagel is amazing.
they sell bagels here. i bought one. so i know.
Freshhh and doughy bagels! Yum
Whole wheat everything bagels are righteous
This place is GOOD - Everything bagel w/ veggie cream cheese...yum
Everything is awesome here. You can't go wrong. ENJOY!!
Everything is awesome here. You can't go wrong. ENJOY!!
Great place, crowded for good reason, but they men behind the counter are machines and keep things moving. Place your order and move towards the register!
Make sure you get their attention when you want a salad. Otherwise, you'll wait and wait and they just don't care.
Right after you order pay the cashier- then wait for your food. Speeds thing up on busy mornings.
Best bagels yo
Try the sliced Lox!
Order the chicken parm pannini. warm. trust me.
Great ice coffee and nice waitress 
try the smoked salmon omelet
For the strong-minded willing to walk west of NYU, this is a quaint cafe great for reading. Beware of the quality of service, though.
Great cappuccino. Also try the "Conor's Dream" cupcake.
horrible service and doesn't taste all that good
Ceaser salatasi cok guzel... Bilerek Turkce yazdim :)
Great Chai Tea Latte
Good salad with goat cheese and corn. Mint iced tea is great and super refreshing. Chicken mozzarella sandwich quit lame/dry
Get the large cappuccino. Seriously, just get it.
Their mango salad is fantastic!
Come early for the French toast. It's worth it.
Get the Spinach quiche and a strawberry banana smoothie!!
The salmon omelet is delicious with a coffee for brunch.
Crumb cheesecake is great. Light and fluffy and not too sweet.
The crumb cheesecake is tasty. So light and creamy. The most comparable I've had to The Cheesecake Factory cheesecakes.
Nice neighborhood, great spot for some lunch!
Almond brioche and salmon stick yummmm
Yummy smoked salmon bagel sticks, sat and friendly service, awesome homemade mixed berry jam
Bagel stick with salmon lox was delish. Fantastic coffee
Amazing cappuccino! Must try the Italian Bagel Toast and the chocolate souffle!
Fantastic coffee, great food prepared with care, and a nice atmosphere. Get the salmon bagel stick served hot and coffee with warm milk. Delicious.
On a hot summer day, try the frozen mint lemonade. My favorite here.
Red Velvet cake is great and moist, one slice is big enough to be sliced and shared for two or to go. Just request it.
Enjoyed one of the best Cappuccino's I'be had on a while prior to a client meeting.
Ham and cheese croissant and the iced coffee is pretty good too
The ice coffee is wonderful, refreshing and always served with a smile!
The french toast is excellent.
The mango goat cheese salad is a must
the Naploean cake is great
Get a large Cinnamoccino and a bagel stick with tomato and cucumber. So worth it.
My favorite is the primavera. It's the best!
Mac Lobsta!
Tastiest Mac n Cheese in the city.
All the flavor is in the top crust- they need to add more flavor to the sauce
The tables are small, put hot sauce on at the condiment bar
Mac Stroganoff (braised beef, stewed mushrooms and sour cream)? Yes, please!
I waited so long for my food that I just got a refund and left. Fuck this place.
Check out our feature of Macbar!
The cheese burger mac isn't worth the money.... It's just regular mac with a tiny bit of ground beef in it... However, the mayan mac is out of this world!
David Sedaris was wrong... SoHo *is* the place for a Mac n Cheese!
The Primavara is delicious!!!!! And if you get a medium or large you get a cute noodle jar to take home.
Lobsta Mac make you wanna smack the chef its just that good! Kool containers for dry elbow pasta haha
Little joint with horrible seating, take your food to the park round the corner
Since you are so close to Shoptiques HQ - come stop by at 584 Broadway suite 1201 for drinks and fun clothing discovery
Waited an insanely long time for my lobster mac & cheese (30+ mins). Is that normal? But it was so mouthwatering good.
All mac and cheese. All the time.
Primavera mac & cheese was rocking good. Pricy though, ~$10 if you want to get filled up for lunch (get the medium!). (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
You want to get the Mayan Chipotle Chicken Mac & Cheese. And you want a medium for a filling meal, a small if you're not very hungry, or a large, for 2 people looking to keep portions small.
We love the Margarita Mac!! http://insidenewyork.com/2011/07/21/mac-cheese-12/
Macbar > s'Mac - honestly there is no comparison, the ingredients used here are far superior. The mac quack with duck confit is out of this world.
Not actually open until 1 a.m., closes closer to midnight, and the staff can be really pushy and rude later in the evening. Still, decent mac 'n cheese.
The mac quack is flavorless! Go for lobster or chicken instead!
Good for what it is, but if you have an extra few minutes you should head down to S'mac instead (12th St. Btwn 1st and 2nd)
Try the Mayan chipotle...deliciousness
Better than Smac if you ask me. Mac Lobsta is bomb.
Try the Cheeseburger Mac (via @Foodspotting)
The mac at Southern Hospitality is bigger. This tastes better though.
Lobsta' Mac. So. Good. Cognac.
Try the Primavera, my fav!
If you're carving Macbar and can't get to the restaurant, you can always have it delivered! It will make enjoying mac and cheese seamless
Cool modern interior with interesting food choices makes eating here always a great experience
Food is absolutely fabulous. Service really sucks. That's a pity!
Not good for bigger groups. Food comes out slowly and sporadically over the course of 20 to 30 minutes.
greet everyone Ciao bello/bellas as you come in! Random nights you will see several people talking loud at the bar (yup, that's me) ...
Crepe cake
20$ corkage fee I am impressed
Buffalo mozzarella with watermelon was refreshing and delicious. Everything is fresh and yummy here!
Their goat cheese salad is amazing. Pair with wine!
Wonderful food and it’s close by!
If you enjoy a negroni but can't always handle the hooch try the negroni sbagliato. Delish
The $20 for "half" an appetizer and any main is a great business lunch in Soho without the pretension and tourist trappiness of Balthazar.
Best Italian pasta in SOHO. Forget about touristic Little Italy! Period.
They have a killer lunch Prix Fixe. If you're with a small group, I recommend everyone orders something different an go family style!
berry bombolini.
My new jam is asking them to add some mozzarella to the whole wheat spaghetti. Super tasty.
Delicious pasta and amazing desserts. The decor is simple and chic. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
"Bomboloni at Caffe Falai are light and delicate... They come in four flavors, including chocolate and vanilla crème, but our favorites were the chantilly and a sweet strawberry jam." -Serious Eats
The boar ragu pasta and the     Mozarella appetizer are wonderful. The clam linguini was so-so.
Veal stew is underrated. Full of fresh vegetables.
Get the baked eggs w smoked salmon and dip the fresh bread into it!
Straciatella is not the menu but you can ask for it. Like the best burrata you've ever had.
BOMBOLONI!!
Try the Lunch Special - Incredible spread! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the flourless chocolate cake. Yumm!!!
Amazing Panna Cotta!
fermented Palermo. Squid ink, vodka, baby spinach, ginger & olive oil
Food was great (I had the cod), place is cozy and very cute but service was terrible. Servers were glorified busboys and we had to hunt our server down for everything; he just stood around all night
Best Bomboloni: They come in four flavors, including chocolate and vanilla crème, but our favorites were the chantilly and a sweet strawberry jam.
The buffalo mozzarella w/lemon olive oil antipasti was transformative.
Stop in the shop next door to pick up chef Iacopo Falai's favorite cheese: Blu di Bufala (mild blue cheese).
Excellent bomboloni. Solid sandwiches for lunch or breakfast (especially the egg salad, bresaola, or ham & cheese croissant).
the macarons here are like $300. this is a perfectly fine price for a man of my stature and wealth, but throw in some gold flakes or something. sheiiit
If you aren't in the mood for a sandwich, the pomodoro (tomato) soup is excellent.
Great place for breakfast or lunch. Super nice staff, great coffee and oh my god, the focaccia's are to die for.
The sandwiches are good, but the real star is the hot lunch, which is usually 1 item (e.g. meatballs) and a veggie (e.g. brocolli rabe). You only need a half portion to fill up. Unless you're me.
The homemade black truffle salad dressing is ridiculously delicious.
Sit and have a bowl of tasty pasta.
The sandwiches are great (Prosciutto di Parma), but on a cold rainy day the soups hit the spot.
If you order at the counter they slice the meat fresh for you. Awesome
Prosciutto & mozzarella in the sandwich was delicious but the focaccia tasted a bit stale... Coffee was ok. Good prices for this area & nice atmosphere.
Lunch: speck or bresaola on a baguette with tomato and mozz.
The best mid-day snack in Soho: $1 for a delicious, hulking slice of focaccia.
$8 - $10 for really great sandwiches in Soho on any of 15 freshly baked breads? Sold.
Try the prosciutto di Parma sandwich. It is a bliss!!!
I love the whole wheat bread
Salami on tomato focaccia
Order the paninis and it's no extra cost for extra fancy tomato foccacia bread
get the vegetarian sandwich with tomato foccacia! Yum!!
They were out of the pomodoro soup I was going to order but the really nice woman at the counter asked me to try the fresh mushroom soup. I'm glad she did, its really good & I'm not a fan of mushrooms
Be SUPER clear when you order the new girl is highly confused
Everyone raves about the mortadella but I say go for the salami. And get a donut.
They need serious a customer service chand more
If bodegas in Italy looked like this, I could learn to live with Berlusconi.
Carrot soup. Amazing
Black Truffle Macarons = unbelievable.
Great food! Lots of seating upstairs.
Expensive for no reason. Walk up to Broadway and you'll find better deli's
Get a bacon egg and cheese on a bialy
Order an egg, cheese, and sausage breakfast sandwich on a croissant. You will die happy :-)
The sandwich guys are the best! Ask for items on the salad bar for your sandwich.
Awesome salads. Heaps of toppings. Reasonably priced.
Pizza sucks...food left out for days...go around the corner for food
Nasty pizza!
PHOTO: Corner of Water Street and Broad Street circa 1967. Photo at the link!
This place has 43 violation points. That's not good!
tabasco chicken w. yellow rice is the star of the show at this place for lunch.  they must go through at least 4 steamtrays of the stuff!  great breakfast sandwiches/bagels as well.
I suggest the Cajun chicken Hero!!!  The best Hero in NYC!
Best breakfast sandwiches - anytime day or night!
Maple syrup pie. I die!! Amazing and homemade by grandma.
Good for $1 Oysters on Sundays!
Gorgeous, delicious eats purchased from the farmers market that morning (so says the waiter).  The service and food were both outstanding. If they have the scallops with corn, make sure to get it!!
The fiorentini and chicken are out of this world! Also the Thyme for ginger cocktail is a must---very refreshing.
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Left Bank
Not bad, but not great. The menu lacks cohesion.
An easy, effortless drink. Ask the bartender for a BULLDOG and tonic, plus a dash of lime.
Daily happy hour. 5-7pm.
Get the octopus, you won't be sorry.
Stuffed squid!!
Left Bank’s American cuisine offers new takes on traditional bistro fare, with hearty entrees like braised beef short ribs with fresh polenta and a homemade “capriccio” with whole-roasted kid goat.
Turning out an eclectic mix of seasonal grub, including a dish made with Red Cockerel, “the chickeniest chicken you've ever tasted,” according to the chef.
What a great place. Lamb Tartare - to die for!  Great wine by the glass selection.  Everyone is friendly and the space feels homey.
We recommend the  beans, pecorino & olive oil side dish -- affordable and delicious.
I like the pork chop and the chicken. Also try the maple pie.
Highly recommend the crusty brandade, olives and toast appetizer. Not too salty and delicious. The calamerata with spicy cheery tomatoes and mussels is also just divine.
This "Contemporary City American" joint looks like a laid-back art collector's hunting lodge. Try the lamb tartare and pretend you also go hunting.
If you can handle a lil' spice, I highly recommend the habañero-infused margarita! ¡Que WOW!
if you're gonna call yourself Left Bank at least know something about New York history and go with Left Banke  jeez
Salumi and wine just to pass the time...
Private seating downstairs for your next birthday party.
A neighborhood favorite.  No fuss, chill and delicious.  The meatballs & eggplant are a must.
So great. But please buy bigger glasses and turn the music down.
Nice place for a bite and a bottle of vino! Great ambiance and decent service.
Try the grilled octopus dish. It is absolutely surprising and delicious. A very hearty grilled octopus with just the right amount of char.
Truffle mac n cheese is delicious. Figs and meatballs are delicious along with burratta special
Cute place with friendly staff. Try the mac n' cheese with truffle oil. Amazing!
We really enjoyed sitting at the bar and enjoying the amazing lasagna and wine. Loved the free glass of prosecco at the end of the meal!
Perfect place for a big group. Plan on sharing a bunch of dishes. Family style is the way to go.
Perfect for wine and small plates. Get the octopus. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
“Don’t leave without sampling the food menu – the small plates are perfect to share among friends. Best bet is the vegetarian lasagna.” More info at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/aria.
Try the dry rose - vino e passione
Really fun atmosphere, try to sit at the two-sided bar. Among the best looking crowds of diners I've seen in a long time. Get a bunch of small plates and share. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Cute place with great Italian food. Cocktails too!  Bustling and candle lit, grab a spot at the bar or a stool in the window.
I love the Pinot Nero! Great bottle of wine!
Don't be confused by the name, you're here for the food. Not requiring reservations, this cozy Venice-style tapas restaurant is a little-know favorite by locals with a stunning interior.
The perfect meal: their special cheese of the day, grilled artichoke with roasted peppers, crabcakes with capers and mushrooms, grilled eggplants stuffed with goat cheese, and truffle mac n' cheese.
Good cicchetti's. Calamari was delisicious but waiter has an angry and unhappy face.
Many of the wines have interesting back stories, like they’re from funky organic vineyards or made by fearless female vintners. Also, two words: Venetian meatballs.
Great tiramisu with chocolate around it, descent  expresso
Eggplant is heaven in my mouth
Brisk wait staff but fun atmosphere. Burrata is nearly perfect. Avoid the bald waiter.
Cocktails are lovely.
grilled eggplant & goat chese is a must, veg lasagne could've been better
I would come here every night if I could. Adorable. great wine list & small plates
Great small plates. Ambience takes you back to a shop in Italy!
The meatballs are worth the trip.
LOVE the scene AND the food. Drink up nearby at "The Other Room" while you wait out the rush.
It wasn't clear to us when we showed up, but orders are made by circling in the menu, and handing that to your waiter.
This place sux go to parisi down the street
Be nice to the owner's daughter
open 8am - 10pm errrrydayy mane.
Mother Earth is a true green juice, no fruit.
After trying the Green Giant, that's exactly what i feel like; big, strong and green. Delish.
Feelin sicky? Try a Volcano (cold pressed ginger, lime, etc.). <3 the raw oatmeal too. Feelin fat? Try a daylong juice cleanse. - Marc Sinoway, Hunting Season
Make sure to check out Juice Press's booth at 4Knots Festival 7/14 at South Street Seaport!
wheatgrass shots are larger than Liquiteria's
Get juice E and you'll feel great all day.
Buy the meal, apple and ginger.   Mix, taste.   (ahhhh).       Delicious.
The coconut water is pricey but I the best tasting coco option out there.
Volcano great for cold, addicited to coconut water and love at first sight is fantastic, slightly sweet.
Check out the advertising.  Completely unconventional.
Have a cold? Try the Volcano juice, it will scare the cold away. Norma mixes half with hot water and drinks it like a hot toddy. In midtown? Pick one up at The Wellness Cafe!
Tabuuuuuulousususuuss! Yum
Definitely addicted
Slowly becoming an addict
Wow! Juices are really something else. I had formula 12, lived it. Overheard owner praising fountain of youth. Gotta come back for that
Mmhh spicy citrus!!
Walk in here once a day and take a ginger shot. You will live forever.
The Acai Nut Mix is heaven on earth. It's THAT ridiculous.
Gossip Girl’s Kelly Rutherford gives Juice Press a call when she is looking for “something that tastes good and is convenient.” They will deliver any of their juices right to your door.
Volcano all the way! Chase it with a refreshing unpasteurized coconut water.... Pasteurization sucks!
man up and get the Volcano...
Chug a Ginger Fireball when you feel a cold coming on or order a juice-cleanse delivery.
Fountain of youth smoothie is great
Just had the Cacao Catalyst - coconut milk, acai berries, raw cacao, agave, raw soaked cashews, spices.  rich, thick taste.
very yummy juices.  very fresh and nice combos.  treat these little liquid gems like meals because the prices for 8oz are like getting entire lunch.
Jamon! Delicious !
the deviled eggs are divine! Misel was awesome and super attentive. so, so good.
Go w/ a group and get glutinous. Wonderful staff, fine interior and sharable plates like the paella, meatballs, quail Benedict, deviled eggs, strip steak with blue cheese and ham grilled cheese are A+
They have a gin & tonic menu that's a full 24 items. Crazy.
Hot damn this place is good. Caramel ice cream sundae w/ toasted marshmallow stole the show but try deviled eggs with fried oyster - so delicious! Only downside is the noise - bring your hearing aid
Best G & Ts in the city! Try the cucumber one.
Dessert!!! Sangria sorbet, chocolate bread with sweet and salty breadcrumbs and troija with grapefruit and orange. Amazing amazing desserts!!
Two word: sangria sorbet. Sit at the bar and get to know the staff-- great people, amazing food.
Try a gin and tonic, there are 20 different versions to choose from.
Estrella Damm on tap + tapas deliciosas + ambiente lindo = Bella Noche
Walnut prawns are the best!!!!
Sea bass <3<3 Always forget how good it is.
The crispy duck was perfect, and the purple sweet sauce was the "cheery on top"! Wonderful french white wine and for desert don't miss out on the lichia WITH the coconut sorbet! PERFECT MATCH i made!
Chicken Satay, an extremely light scallion pancake, and some Wild Berry Rosé Champagne Cocktails. Sounds like a perfect dinner to me!
Excellent food, loved the squid ink pasta and the glazed shrimp with walnuts the best... Gluttony for sure ;)
It’s pricey to the point of ridiculousness. And waiters here just love to make recommendations and order for you: be sure to insist on reading a menu to be sure that you get what you want…we do.
Go back uptown to Phillipes or better yet head to Chinatown if that is to far for you.... This food is horrible the sorbet was great the appetizers, and entrees lack seasoning, flavor and portions.
Mr Chow - Tribeca121 Hudson St. (at N Moore St.), New York, NY 10013
One of the most famous and recognizable dishes over the past few decades in New York City are the Mr Chow Noodles at Mr. Chow. In fact, the Chow Noodles ($18) are so highly revered...
Was just told I had to stand & wait because 1 member of my party (of 2) is not here yet, while another woman, whose dinner companion was late was seated. Very bad service by the Maitre'd!
Go there and have a family style meal the mote the merrier...4 people and up
If you are a fan of Chines food, that's the place to go to!
NEW YORK:  Try the Beijing Chicken and then recreate it at home with this recipe from the food world legend himself
You can trust the people who recommend the Beijing Duck, but we never leave this place without having the Chicken Satay. This classic dish is perfected by the Chow family.
Tries way too hard to be trendy. It's Chinese food. Lazer
Def not worth the prices and food was just ok....
Ask for outside seating...
you are obviously a total douchebag if you're so close to chinatown and you come here for chinese food.
Not impressed at all. I'll stick to take out Chinese. Oh, and didn't appreciate being rushed.
The glazed prawns with walnuts appetizer ROCKS!
Don't hold your breath if you're waiting for a drink
Chicken satay and minion really rules. Thanks for advice guys!!
If you're in the area stop here and have their Chicken Satay it is incredibly delicious. Can't afford the prices? Go during restaurant week.
One of my favorite places. -Jacqueline Laurita, Real Housewives of NJ
"How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu, Hold up, lemme move my bowels" - Jay-Z "Success" Sourced from rapgenius.com.
Head to Chinatown.
The chicken satay definitively a must have!!! Wow that sauce!!! Amazing!
Try the NY Restaurant Week Menu. It's served family style and their filet mignon and chicken satay are to die for!!!!
The champagne by the glass is expensive.
The lychee martini from Mr. Chow Tribeca is the best in the country!
fried chicken. buttermilk biscuit. gravy. cole slaw.
Try everything here. Last time my friends and I came here we cleaned them dry until closing.
Chicken and Beef are to die for. I wish I loved the Po' Boys here (bread flown in weekly from New Orleans), but it really wasn't that filling.
A literal hole in the wall with a sandwich that's so buttery and awesome, it'll knock your socks off. –Kristen
Also, the ben-yays & coffee are a delicious, post-sandwich snack & the guys working there are super cool. After we ordered 2 sandwiches & coffees, our ben-yays were on the house! Thanks, Cheeky :)
This is one of those places where you actually have a hard time deciding what to get because you want EVERYTHING on the menu. I eventually decided on the short ribs on challah & boy, am I glad I did!
Beignets !! Yes please!
chicken sandwich is the jam.
Try the Chicken Biscuit - Glorious little sandwich.  (via @Foodspotting)
the fried chicken sandwich is perfect comfort food fare: buttermilk biscuit, southern style chicken, coleslaw and gravy. also got the sea half shrimp + half oyster po'boy, which hit the spot. do it.
The chicken biscuit is epic here.
Chicken sandwich is amazing. The coleslaw gives it a nice crunch. It's the size of your palm so it runs a bit small.
Don't tell Pies n thighs, but I might be having an affair with the cheekys chicken sandwich. PS: beignets > pies
Try the Beef Brisket Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
While I have yet to try Cheeky's signature Fried Chicken biscuit, their braised beef short-rib on challah bread is a great sandwich. It isn't super filling, but it'll surely whet your palate.
The brisket sandwich is heavenly followed closely by the fried chicken
Don't hesitate, just get the half oyster, half shrimp po boy, jalepeno chips, and a ginger iced tea.
Get the chicken biscuit dawg
Sloppy and delicious. Get the fried chicken or short rib
Try the Beef Brisket Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Chicken Sandwich of the Gods. Desert Island Food. Euphoria.
The buttermilk biscuit with fried chicken, cole slaw, and gravy is the best I've had in New York
Must get one of the Big Shot sodas. Fruit punch is amazing.
The Beef Sandwich is absolutely delicious. Soft toasted Challah and a touch of Horseradish -can't be beat.
Biscuits + chicken + purple cabbage = Holy. Shit.
So so so good. Do not pass go on this one: you will only be hurting yourself.
Chicken and buttermilk biscuit can be described in one word: Heaven. Authentic southern decor in an urban setting. Win.
The oyster po' boy ($8.50) "is fully “dressed,” which on a New Orleans sandwich denotes the addition of lettuce, tomato, mayo & pickles, and, on Orchard St., also calls for Tabasco, ketchup & lemon."
Try the chicken biscuit ($6.50). It's a sandwich "built for curing a hangover."
"Super affordable ($6.50) and they make the gravy and bread the chicken right in front of you. I swore I could taste a hint of cinnamon in the gravy, I’ll have to confirm on my next visit."
$2.50 house wine! And, they are not currently closed.
Chicken Rama is basically deliciously spiced fried chicken with peanut sauce and a side of curry rice. So, like, heaven on Thai earth.
They accept credit cards now!
Waited 20 mins for takeout!!
pad thai is great here
Skip the usual Thai food order (pad Thai, pad see yiu, curry) and go for the "not so obvious" choice. Within these orders the true greatness of Tai Thai comes out.
Skip the usual
$2.50 glass of red wine for a cheap east village stop in.
The early 70s movie poster table tops give the place a vintage East Village feel. (see picture)
Soup Gai is delicious!
Free B Y O B today!!!!!!! 08-17-11
If you bring a double bottle of wine they charge you a $6 corkage fee. But the food is good and inexpensive!! I definitely recommend the Pad Kapraw with tofu
Skip the panang curry. It has a ridiculous amount of almost raw green beans.
Amazing wine special! 2.50 for house red and white.
On a cold day the tom yum with shrimp is all i need
Pad Kapraw, yums!
BYOB: Corking fee anywhere from $1.50-$3 for beer and the like, and $4-$6 for bottled wine. Grape Four Loko with beef Pad Thai is the best
i love duck and i have to agree with harry: the gang phed ped yang is delicious. a little spicy but the pineapple sweetens it just right.
The Gang Phed Ped Yang delicious. I pretty much order it every time I'm here.
order the tofu and vegetable pad kee mao if you are seeking holy moly awesome.
Get the foie gras. Trust me.
The fillet mignon...three pepper sauce is awesome!
Steak frites! Steak frites! STEAK FRITES!
Make a reservation if you're going for dinner; it's small. And be on the lookout for Ryan Gosling.
Filet mignon... obviously.
Great taste of France on 1st Ave. Tasty food and nice vibe.
I was dissapointed coming back after a year. The moulles were not tasteful, as they were one year ago.The service was not so good.
If you like Red Wine try the 2009 Chinon Cuvee Terroir it will not disappoint!
These guys do a solid French brunch/lunch. Cozy, usually not too crowded, the waiter may give you extra wine if you speak French to him. The steak frites is pretty damn good. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Most of French restaurants in the city within a reasonable budget are embarrassing for French people like me, but I think we have a winner here, almost everything is wrong from service to food...
Three hour lunch!  Very relaxed service and nice to catch up with family.
Rabbit is great
best steak frites in nyc
get the filet mignon
sign of a good French place: the waitress suggested that we should dip bread in the remaining butter-garlic after we finished the escargot as "that's the best stuff"
While the bouillabaisse may be tempting, the highlight of the menu, which you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else in the City, is the lapin de la moutarde served over broad bright yellow egg noodl
I love it here. Always feels so sunny and comfortable no matter what's happening outdoors
The Beaujolais on the menu says 2008, but its actually a 2009 (the "vintage of a lifetime" for these wines). At $36 you can't go wrong.
Delicious food! My favorite: Octopus salad. It is apparently a 'special', even though I have been having it for a year! :)
I love this place. On point authentic french food w great prices. Leave here happy every time!
Delicious food.
Try the Artichokes salad and spot it on Foodspotting!
When you get fries, always ask for a side of mustard.  Always.
Don't believe the waiting time. We were told 5 minutes as waited 40.
Been coming here for 7 years now n never a bad experience. Bests r the asparagus, artichoke n palm salad, duck n filet mignon. Outstanding wine list.
Surprisingly good & somewhat authentic fast italian food. Reminded me of Rome.
50 cent ghetto Kola Champagne!
Although pizza is cheap, it's not great at all. Not coming back
Love their crust. Pizza Isn't bad at all! U decide.
The dumpiest.
STAY AWAY!
Worst pizza in NY. Don't even consider it if you have more than 5 dollars and can afford something other than their 2 slice and a soda deal.
Worst pizza I've ever had. Don't go here.
Thin, crispy and chewy crust.
Not the best I like the place on third and 8th better
should have listened to the other tipsters. this place is narsty
Lightly chewy yet dry crust, and a thick-than-usual layer of cheese -- good stuff. No ambiance but always cool in the summer and toasty in the winter.
Pizza is ok. Grandma style w mozzarella and basil isn't so fresh. Plain cheese is alright
Not that good I've eaten tastier cardboard
Pizza is pretty bad, and overpriced, but the garlic knots are good!
One of the best by-the-slice places with the requisite lack of ambiance to match
Don't be fooled by the bright lights and cleanliness. By far the worst pizza I've eaten in NYC.
Hands down - the best Indian food in NYC!
Small unassuming place, but boy their food is delicious... best chicken tikka masala in the city!  Aloo papri, garlic Nan,  lasooni gobi, all very tasty.
50% off entire menu during lunch.
NYU student discount when you eat in the restaurant. Not for takeout.
Must have, haha
Try the stuffed potato
20% discount for NYU students!
Lunch box @ 7.95.. decent selection n portion.
Chicken Vindaloo here is delicious!
They have the best chana masala I've ever had, and don't skip the samosas... The staff is super friendly, and as if that weren't enough, 20% off to anyone, anytime with an NYU ID.
50% off lunch menu
Eli-the server ... Excellent service :) 2 thumbs up!
One of the best dessert options here is sinner bar
Try the ultra-filling Powerbowl with Western Tofu, Brown Rice, Collard Greens, and Broccoli!
Very busy after 7pm. Best to go between 4-7
I got Mama's Soy Meatballs with the Dijon Marinated Raw Kale and a rot beer. Most deliciously satisfying lunch I've had in a long time.
This place has food to DIE for.  3 tapas plates for $18---a dinner for two you can get 6 plates to share for $36 ---perfect!
Done with this place. Service is horrible.
Their black olive seitan sandwich is awesome! :) Must get it with the Oat Chevre.
Try the Western Tofu - yummy!
Tempeh reuben!
Try the cupcake. It is so amazing!
Vegan and quaint in the heart of SoHo. Try the soy meatball sub and smashed sweet potatoes - both are excellent.
Best vegan tapas...  Try the mushrooms.. olive seitan, tofu cutlets, western tofu and def the soy meatballs!!
Order 5-6 tapas to share between two people. Great beer on tap.
Tasty vegan food and even tastier waiters! I go for the Tempeh Ruben every time.
Try the vegan meatball hero with Daiya mozzarella!! Delish!!
3 tapas plates for $18. If everyone at the table gets tapas, you can basically sample the whole menu. Dijon kale is fantastic. Service is very slow, but didn't mind. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Power Bowl with bbq seitan, broccoli, and brown rice makes for a great lunch.
amazing vegetarian meatball sub w. daiya cheese. yum!
Try the Brownie Sundae - #vegan and sprinkles... I couldn't ask for anything more! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the "Nutella" Pie A La Mode - Wow. That's rich! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sauteed Shitake Mushrooms - Amazing flavor and the sauce is a perfect compliment  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Vegan Hot Chocolate - More warm than hot, but the best tasting hot chocolate I've ever had or made! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Roasted Yuba Wrap - Soy-milk skin filled with rice vermicelli noodles and absolute yumminess.  (via @Foodspotting)
Praise seitan! The orange blackstrap BBQ and black olive are both delicious.
$20 for a pitcher of good beer! And try the heroes
Try the Cornmeal tofu - With plenty of garlic, onion, herbs and mariana sauce. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Jamaician Spices soup - Onions, ginger, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, Clove, nutmeg, fennel, cardamom, tomato, potatoes, and coconut milk.  Smooth tasting. (via @Foodspotting)
Kale caesar salad is the best!
Good vegan restaurant that really hits the spot.  Get the 3 tapas deal, it's more bang for your buck and allows you to try more.
The hot sauce is amazing - and REALLY hot.  Use with caution.
My favorite falafel place in NYC by far. Cheap, delicious, and open until 4 AM. Doesn't get much better. Cash only though.
At the end of the day I can always rely on Mamoun's.
Their hot sauce hurts soooooo gooooood!!!
omnomnomnom get the baba ghanoush then put it inside your falafel sandwich. it is bombdelicious
still the tastiest falafel in town with the best tahini sauce...try the one with hummus and hot sauce...have lots of napkins ready though..definitely a messy eat!!
The best place isn the world to eat and super cheap too
The hot sauce is INSANELY hot.  Learned that the hard way.
Chicken falafels are off the chain
Falafel sandwich with hummus. All you need to know.
Best shawarma ever. Go easy on their hot sauce. So much flavor, but so much heat.
Raised their falafel prices to $3 today! Wahhhhh
The red sauce is no joke. Hot fire.
Get the Shawarma!
Cheap eats; $2.50 for their sandwiches.
For less than $5, you’ll get a pita-full of schwarma, deliciously creamy baba ghannouj, and falafel that’s cooked just right (crunchy on the outside, fluffy and moist on the inside).
add hummus for 50 cents extra!
Yada yada yada - if u don't know the falafel sandwich is the best in the city, where've u been for the past 15+ yrs? Don't sleep on the lentil soup. It'll change your life. Hot sauce all around...
Best falafel in NYC. $2.50. Full stop.
insanely fast service.
The hot sauce actually lives by its name...awesome
Best hot sauce I've had at any restaurant in NYC (so far).
Mamouns chicken kabob and lamb shawarma blissful! Cant say about the veggie options.Caution : try the red sauce at your own risk. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Very cheap, vey crowded, very very messy while eating. Not extraordinary tasting falafel either(I've had better). If you're hungry and you like crowded noisy places you're… (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't miss out on this awesomeness
The best falafel. Don't think I need to say much more.
Try the Schwarma.
Cheap falafel. I find it disgusting but a lot of NYU students love it (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The best falafel ever :D
Yummy Eqyptian Middle Eastern restaurant in the heart of the Village. They have delicious falafel, chicken shwarma, hummus. The line is usually out the door because the prices are reasonable as well..
First time really loved this place. The food , people and ambience very low key and fun. Bone marrow was excellent and the black label burger yummy. Definitely make a reservation.
The black label burger is as good as they say, but surprisingly, I liked the steak frites better.
Still one of my favorite classic NYC spots. The sucker punch is the best drink on the menu
Kitch-chic place... a must-have in your New York experience...
Try the Black Label Burger. Classy inside. How the burger is made: http://mobile.aht.seriouseats.com/archives/2009/03/secrets-of-minetta-taverns-black-label-burger-1.html
Delicious Black Label Burger with a THICK prime dry-aged beef cut topped with caramelized onions. Even the thin, crispy, heaping mound of french fries on the side will make you say, "Whoa..."
Amazing Burgers!
Best burguer!! And don't forget to ask for the chocolate soufflé... OMG
Great spot for incredible food and bustling ambience. Top picks include the Black  Label Burger and the Cote de Boeuf for two. -John W.
Don't wait for a table, full food menu at the bar. The Burger is a must for first timers
bone marrow
Get free online coupons for your favorite Fast Food Restaurants at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
The beef patty on the Black Label burger is the real star here with simple flavors that are perfectly cooked to be medium rare. (preferably)
really heavy on the salt
Ask for a table at the side. The ones in the middle of the room are in the airflow.
Bravo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ask for the  famous Black Label burger, top meat, caramelized onions and very good fries. In French places  is also difficult not to ask for a roasted bone marrow.
The Stewed-Prunes Oatmeal looks good (photo by Victor Prado/New York Magazine):
Michelin 2012 ★
The burger here is seriously good. One of the best I've had in NY.
black. label. burger
Save your money and go to Shake Shack.
Don't bother.
Incredible. Black Label Burger lives up to the hype, cocktails are awesome, chocolate souffle is amazing. Just go.
Love, love, love the atmosphere however the black label burger is like David Wright ...overrated
Everyone talks about the burger, but its really all about the steaks. And the fries are even better.
Walk in thru the front curtain and get  transported thru time to speak easy feel with great array of craft beers and liquor. The staff was friendly and food was great too..make sure u get 26$ burger!!
Serious Eats says they have one of the best cheffy burgers
bone marrow bone marrow bone marrow
Next time - try the French Dip!
Great Lunch specials, super affordable. The Pineapple fried rice is excellent.
drunken noodles with vegetarian duck
Small space, but good food at great prices!
The curry puffs and peanut dumplings are amazing here!
Super popular merchant on Delivery.com - and with good reason! Their classic pad thai is excellent. http://www.delivery.com/menu/Thai_Terminal
The lunch special is a stellar deal.  It's available until 4p and on the weekends.
Love their tom yum soup
Very very good prices. Edamame fresh. Spring rolls (4pcs). Pad thai good. Drunken noodles great, but is.really spicy. They have imported.beer from thailand and laos.
#3 on my speed dial :D.
Pad kee mao and mango salad (spicy!)
Sassy Salad and Krystal Pad Thai. Done.
Order by phone before to go to take your food. Too small to wait inside.
Try the Siamese Fried Rice - Decent option for Thai food in the neighborhood. The Spicy Basil is delicious. (via @Foodspotting)
Come for lunch and get the lunch special, best deal in the neighbourhood! Drinken noodles w veggie duck is amazing
Crispy duck! Chive pancakes! MangoTango! Best Thai I've had in the city.
Watch out for Carl, the local rapist. He loves chive pancakes. And rape. Mostly the pancakes. The rape is more of a causal thing.
Go get chive pancakes NOW
Always good service! The food is AMAZING! Very filling!!! And it's not expensive either!
If you like spicy Thai food, the drunk noodles aren't spicy here at all. The hot sauce was more vinegary than hot. Service is slow, and I felt rushed by the waitress.
Try mango salad... very spicy and the thai chive pancakes
$7.95 lunch special! Even on the weekend! All the way till 4pm!!
Best kee mao I've found in the city so far
Let's just all agree to keep this a well-kept secret.
The crispy basil duck and the spicy red snapper are both really excellent.
The massaman curry is delicious!
Crispy Basil Duck is the way to go.
Everything here is awesome. My personal fav is the drunken noodles.
Big line for Motorino? Pop next door to Thai Terminal for some of the best Thai food in NYC
The crispy basil duck here is one of my favorite dishes that I've had in any Thai restaurant.
Delivery is great. Food is yummy.
Sit by the window and enjoy the view of Hoboken, Hudson River and the occasional cruise ship.
Come for live jazz on Tuesday and Friday nights and mingle with the best crowd west of Washington!
Get a table by the window, order the Bakehouse burger and any of the fantastic cocktails.
Mmm the bisou rose is delicious!  Coffee is great, and so is the truffle omelette.  Not a fan of the snotty hostess but our waitress was sweet.
Very expansive room built around the large bar area with a spectacular view of the lights on the Hudson. Exceptional breads and cuisine, with an extensive list of wines and international beers.
Happy Hour from 4:00-7:00!
Fuck that place. Messed up a Rez and took forever to seat us. We left ASAP.
Only try the Gouda if you really love gouda. Otherwise, dinner/drinks on a sunny afternoon should be timed with the setting sun for the full Bakehouse experience.
Try the duck liver toast and Gouda cheese plate for apps. The roast chicken is amazing. Also try the egg sour cocktail.
Great spot for a late bite and a drink (try the mussels) or a fabulous Sunday brunch (try the wild mushroom asiago omelette).
Blueberry chipolte marg. Yum
Burger=divine. Spig has nothing on it
Bake house that turns into a wine bar at night - perfect!
Try the Herb Roasted Leg of Lamb
My favorite hangout in the Meatpacking...if only they'd let me play DJ
For the boozehounds like myself. You have to try the cocktail called Discretion. However, I just saw. The Quick Poire Fizz go out to a table, and it looked delicious. So happy to have you in the hood!
Try the Bisou Rose Cocktail!
Excellent lumpia and adobo. Say hi to Willy, the owner.
If you like your sinigang extra sour, don't bother coming: I've asked for that twice (even seeing the server write "extra sour") to no avail. Nice people, though - Willie loves to chat people up.
Try the Tapsilog for brunch.. it's really good!! :)
I was pretty disappointed with the food. The sauce of the bistec tasted like it came from a packet. Don't think I'll be coming back.
Go for the Pinakbet ($9.95), "jam-packed with squash, tomatoes, green beans, bitter melon & eggplant—a variety of textures and flavors ranging from sweet to sour—with a salty edge from shrimp paste."
Skip it all together and head on over to Grill 21
Service was a bit on the slow side but the pork adobo was very very good.
Home cooking from a Filipina mom. Literally. Authentic! Yay for this find.
SLOWEST SERVICE EVERRR
Must-Haves: Crispy Pata, Sizzling Sisig, Grilled Pork
Yummy sisig. Mediocre kare kare. Super slow service. Prepare to wait and hope they don't forget u
They serve super fatty foods. Not for the weak stomach.
The cuisine is not for the faint of tummy, so be prepared to eat with gusto, vegetarianism be damned.
Filipino restaurant in the east village! Staff is very friendly and the food makes me miss my mother's cooking. Eat in the back garden cuz it's cute!
really good and legit filipino food. get the garlic fried rice, laing, lechon kawali, and chicken inasal
The entrees come with an option of french fries, or a baked potato, or rice. I don't know why you would get Filipino food with anything other than rice though.
Dinuguan was delicious. Lumpiang shanghai has potential, the filling was deelish but the skin was soggy!
Lechon kawali, fish sinigang & lumpiang shanghai were excellent.
Good peanut butter sauce on their oxtail kare kare. Don't forget to add a little shrimp paste.
Get the pork belly (lechon kawali)...crispy perfection!
The crispy pata is awesome. Must have dish!
The Cubano is OK but you can get a bigger, better, cheaper one at Los Papis.
Ropa Vieja sandwich is amazing! Yum!
Rope vieja platter is where it's at!
That marinated pork sandwich - no doubt! And from May 1-15 2012, they are helping to raise money for Citymeals-on-Wheels. So get something delicious and make a donation!
Authentic Cuban! Skip the wait and pre-order on FoodtoEat.com!
I really liked the Mole Chicken platter.  Absolutely great!
The Cuban is fantastic, generous portion as well.
Mojo chicken is outrageous
Fantastic beef plate. Empanadas are really nice and crisp too!
in #fiDi on Thursdays
It's all good. Run the gauntlet and try every sandwich.
plaintains are only a dollar :)
Never had a bacon cheeseburger with a poached egg till I came here. Now, ALL my bacon cheeseburgers are going to include a poached egg. Add a Kelso Pilsner and you got yourself a new favorite bar.
Don't come here on Sunday for game day - unless the college scene is what your into.
Seriously good, legit wings. Get the "Little Town Garbage" wings. Thank me later.
Features beers all local to New York state. Mmmmm.
Come for great bar food and to try a new beer. I have to suggest the pretzel crusted chicken strips with the banging honey mustard sauce and the angus sliders! Go in and don't forget your scout mob.
Try the Goat Cheese And Honey - Love honey on any cheese (via @Foodspotting)
Cool place. Solid crowd. Decent food. Excellent beer menu. TERRIBLE waitress. If you don't care about getting your own beers and food, do it up.
The food and service is lackluster. However, it's a nice spot to have drinks...
I walk past this place everyday on my way to work. It smells horrible. Please clean the rancid grease out of your vents.
Grab this Deal! $29 for Oyster Lunch with Cocktails for Two at Little Town NYC
99c happy hour oysters. Preparing to walk out happy and kind of sick.
The Goat Cheese & Honey baguette is super dense but good
Nice selection of local brew, but the food kind of sucks.
Awesome goat cheese and honey app. Addictive. 99 cent oysters and clams at happy hour and 5 dollar beers. Great beer list.
Try the beer battered wings and wash it down with a beer.
Waitresses are assholes and will claim zero responsibility for going your card to someone else
Get the buckets! They'll save u like a dollar. Great for 2 pple
Happy Valentine's Day!
East Village Chili Tour is brewing up a good time for free! http://exm.nr/xg5Wlu
When Shannon is bartending Scream out Montieth and you will get a surprise from her.
When Katiana is working say Meow to her in your sexiest voice and if she purrs u will get a surprise!!!
The portobello mushroom salad is delicious
Ask bartender Kat how the beer hurricane kitty got its name!
so many beers on draft to decide, so much fun!
Terrible service...
NY beers are on tap here. Pair that up with a $7 10" pizza.
Watch an Oregon Duck game!
Great beer selection, nice location, appetizers are great especially truffle rosemary popcorn and the goat cheese & honey baguettes
Oh man. Expect decent bar food and local beer...but don't expect any sort of service.
Garbage plates from Rochester would be ashamed to acknowledge what these guys call a garbage plate.  I commend originality and perhaps a "twist" on the original but it's just wrong :(
Great custom sandwiches. Will definitely be coming back.
Fresh mozzarella curds!!
Such a great neighborhood spot to make a grocery run. Especially if you need some specialty cheese!
The food is good but you need to keep your eyes open and senses sharp. Sometimes they sandwiches aren't that fresh. The problem lays in the cold cuts.
Wonderful gourmet grocer. Try the fresh mozzarella when they put it out at 4:00 pm daily!
Very nice staff
Great old world market is your go to destination for the freshest Italian specialty meats and cheeses.  Or the absolutely freshest Brie on this side of the Atlantic.
Make Your own SpaghettiOs!
Gourmet market. I love their prepared Quiche. 1/4 (2s slices) for $6.
You will be the youngest person in this place.
Fresh sandwiches, pasta salads, grilled veggies and an amazing selection of cheeses.
The best BTO ever - broccoli tomato onion! Healthy and spicy!
Get the chocolate covered macaroons
Cheapest and best coffee in Murray Hill
Half price specialty sandwiches after 9pm
Was my favorite Bahn Mi sandwich till they closed.  Too bad.
Bun Bo hue and bahn mi's are the way to go, top it off with an iced coffee.
Chocolate macron was amazing!
Coffee Gone To Heaven with soy is a great way to take a load off and fuel up!
Teanychino!
Try the Strawberry Shortcake Cake (via @Foodspotting)
The teanychino is pure genius.  Paired with a chicken salad sandwich (imitation chicken, tastes just like the real thing) and possibly a blueberry scone, is a divine lunch!
Night staff is super friendly and suggestive. Awesome variety of tea :)
Make sure to check out Teany's booth at 4Knots Festival 7/14 at South Street Seaport!
Three words: Vegan. Ice. Cream.
Yummiest Earl Grey with soy I've ever had.
The 'Tea Menu' is listed strongest to lightest, & its a huge selection! Perhaps a more organized menu for all the tantalizing flavours offered? Also its VERY CRAMPED in here! (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Favorites include Farmhouse Cheddar Toast (pesto is amazing!) & the Earl Grey Teanyccino!
The vanilla bean soy ice cream...DELICIOUS!!
Vegetarian, Vegan Tea House
Artwork for sale on indiewalls.com
They don't honor the scoutmob deals. It doesn't officially expire for another 3 months. I hate false advertising
Artwork by Jonathan E.  for sale on indiewalls.com
Incredible tea selection, and the food is quite tasty as well. Though known as a vegan joint, omnivore options are also available. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They are refusing to honor the scoutmob deal claiming they had a problem with the company and charged us full price.
Tea and carrot cake are a good combo at Teany.  They even have a loyalty program that gives you points towards $5, $10, and $20 vouchers.
The lattes are served at undrinkable  hot temperatures.
Good food, but the service is horribly slow. 20 minutes and I still haven't got the slice of cake I ordered.
The chocolate strawberry cake is scrumdidliumptious
Crostini and chai late ... Done
The veggie burger is great but service is so slow. Don't eat here if you're in a rush.
love this place. great cheese toasts and obviously tea.
Order #73 - tropical fruit blend is pretty in pink and tastes delicious.
Worst lunch ever. 30 minutes for chia tea lattes, then first bit of food arrives  after 1 hour, 4 people got food 15 minutes apart.
The most disorganized place ever. Took 56 minutes for waitress to realize she didn't put our order in.
Avoid Friday night staff service (~6pm). It's been 40 min since we placed our order and atleat 20 min of drizzling (waitress said she'd have it pulled out but nothing happened..).
Do yourself a favor and try the Teanychino.
Always a good idea to bring wine.
Portable dishwasher success!
The best smoked turkey, Brie cheese, on French bread in the city!'
Great vegetarian options and more.  Don't let the tiny kitchen fool ya.
Must get the bruschetta with either mascarpone and cinnamon sugar or with ricotta and honey. Hmmmmm
Happy Hour $12 for a carafe of wine and a bruschetta
Possibly my favourite brunch place in the lower east side. Crazy fun waitresses and the food (and wine) is delish!
Honey and ricotta bruschetta! Super simple, super good
Neighborhood brunch is a steal: $12.95 for appetizer/soup, entree, coffee and wine
Pesto deviled eggs are the best!
Three course prix fixe dinner menu for $19.95
Delicious food, friendly staff and how can you beat the prices??? Even asked the owner for a recipe and he wrote it down for me - pesto deviled eggs NOT TO MISS!
Ricotta with truffle oil always sounds good...it's really not. Everything else is great though!
Bruschetta is good.  The rest of the food comes out of the microwave.  Beware anyone who praises this place - they have questionable taste.
Try their salmon bruschetta
try the arugula and sweet potato salad
Highly recommend the panini sampler and a couple of bruschetta for two people. Also the deviled eggs are delicious! Cash only.
Best place! Go before 8 for happy hour and leave a nice tip the people that work there are the best
If you come here be sure to avoid the drunk girls by the names of sherry, mavis, nerny, aleit and clarence!
Yummy food! Brunch special is amazing.
Go for brunch on Saturdays or the neighborhood lunch for 12.50- includes a glass of wine!
Go for happy hour and get a carafe of wine and a bruschetta. Try the artichoke or ricotta
The hot artichoke bruschetta is amazing. And the red wine washes everything down quite nicely.
Amazing steak panini, best bruschetta I've. ever had. Great, super inexpensive dinner.
Yummm olive and ricotta bruschette on one piece of bread = heaven :) great $6 Pinot Noir glass. Overall cute casual appetizer place.
Seared Tuna Mmmm
Happy hour is a great deal... Half carafe and a bruschetta order for cheap.
Come on valentines day and get a free rose!
The artichoke bruschetta wins it all...
Creative farm to table, great prix fixe menu. Good selection of organic/biodynamic wines, unfortunately not indicated on menu. Service smooth and adequate.
Desserts are AMAZING and seasonal!
Didn't have tomato juice for a bloody mary, so the chef sent out a tomato and they made it fresh! Awesome!
Amazing food, ambiance, and wine list.
Order the single round Carola potato and enjoy luxury created from the quotidian:
The popcorn, oysters and hen of the woods mushrooms are NOT to be missed!  Make sure you try a Corsican wine too!
New outside dining is divine!
Stop in for a cocktail. Order wood grilled oysters. Ask Jason about wampum.
Order the peanuts small plates. They're warm and come with bacon flavor and OMG JUST GET THEM.
spit-roasted whole squab $30
Insider tip:  Ask for a tour of the kitchen and see the custom wood fire grills.  They are amazing....
Sardines are not filleted and makes it difficult to enjoy.
Gorgeous space. We're a fan of the steak!
The most composed dishes are still artfully minimal: A smoky appetizer of artichokes and chanterelle mushrooms ($16) was cooked on a chapa (a flat steel plate set over fire).
Went there to try the chocolate egg nog (pretty good) but was more impressed by the Santa Clause cocktail.
The lobster soup is amazing with a pear and fennel side. Ask your server for a tour of the kitchen which is famous for its concept of wood fired and prepared food
Eat a burger before you come. Portions are tiny
Like all great restaurants, their menu changes with the season. But we just had thepit-roasted acorn squash stuffed with chestnuts, and it was go good that we didn't want to leave.
TT recos app of artichokes&mushrooms as well as Carola potato
Order the lamb. Incredible flavor. It will not disappoint
Can't wait, I'm really excited about this new venue from one of new york's best chefs: Galen Zamarra
:)..........................
:)..........................
:)..........................
:)..........................
A man's best friend is his grill, and here, everything is grilled. Dine on the grass-fed burger w/ smoked tomato ketchup and red eye marinade.
Awesome pretzels
Best mussels around...
Beef goulash and spaetzle with cheese!
Almost as good as the Pilsner from Plzen!!
A place that measures the beer in liters? Win!
Cute new addition to the West Village. Great spot for kids and amazing happy hour. $8 mussels & $3 beers for happy hour and don't miss out on their signature soft pretzel with honey mustard!
A great breakfast spot with perfectly relaxed table service, a nice view, and warm breezy street air. Sad to see Hercules Fancy Grocery disappear, but Doma seems like a pretty good replacement so far.
Cafe doma move to here one month ago
Sssssssrr & 4th
I'd walk to the next nearest pizza place!
Try the Kaiseki Dinner (via @Foodspotting)
A little greasy but awesome taste
Greasy. Get a salad instead. 
yummmm cheese
Solid take on the modern NYC pizza joint. Don't expect authentic, either to NYC style or Italian, and you'll be much happier. Pasta meals with salad and bread are a good value also
This pizza place is awesome, always open late, and has great service! Yes it's Bravo but it's still good! Great place for munchies after a night out drinking. Buffalo pizza, white pizza, are awesome!
The huge pizza oven makes it toasty in the winter and uncomfortably hot in the summer.
Not your $1 slice pizza joint. Worth every dollar!
Decent. Fair prices. Had the buffalo chicken pizza- satisfied for $3.80 (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Keep going, this is middling at best, there is far better pizza elswhere
This is one of my favorite pizza places. The crust is so crispy. Get the white pizza or mushroom spinach!
Solid for your greasy fix. They hide the cheese under the counter
Big screen TV!  Seating available.  Very clean!
The pizza was great! The crust was crunchy on the outside soft on the inside! They are not cheap with their toppings either. I wish they heated mine a bit more and list the prices somewhere.
Pizza isnt too bad at all! Much better than the store across the road!
Damn good Grandma slice!
Great pizza!!! Much better than amore across the street, Dirty and nasty people in there!!!
The buffalo chicken pizza has ranch sauce not bleu cheese. I hate bleu cheese.
Much better than amores across the street. The crust is nice and toasted!
Tasty pizza and friendly service, but I WISH prices were listed somehow...on a sign...a menu...something...without my having to ask.
Not bad tasting. High price. But better than Amore across the street.
Freshest Pizza I've come by in this neck of the woods!
The taste was terrible. The price was high. The water was pink
In a city full of great pizza this place is a disgrace.
go across the street to amore's instead. same price, bigger piece, better taste.
with cheese so creamy
buffalo chicken pizza is awesome!
BBQ Chicken pizza is not terrible... Just not good. The sauce tastes like spicy ketchup!
The grandma slice is hands down the one of the best in town.
You can never go wrong with the famous Grandma slice. Also, the boys behind the counter are awesome.
Get a slice like Louie
The Grandma's slice is a metropolitan treasure. Which is convenient, because anything else here is barely edible.
One of the later places I know that still have Gino's Italian Ice.
Why is this place so bomb?
Be sure to flip off any passing celebrity comedians.
Get the chicken parm slice. It's amazing
Don't know about the "world famous" claims but definitely better than average NYC by the slice pizza joint. Nothing to see here, so get it to go! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask for extra sauce on the grandma slice = $$
The gramma slice is alight!
If you ever watch the Louie ck show then this is the pizza shop he's at in the opening credits
Love the late night pizza atmosphere! everyone is super nice and pizza are good too!
grandma pizza. that's all u need to know
grandma pizza. that's all
Cap off your night in the Village with one of the best late-night slices in the city
Get the Grandma's slice.
You are absolutely crazy if you don't try the grandma slice. I've had 40 in one summer
Best pizza in NY!
Get the BBQ Chicken slice and expect it to taste kind of like sweet & sour sauce
Don't get their Hawaiian slice. The pineapples aren't nearly tangy enough nor is the bacon Canadian enough.
Exactly the way NYC pizza is supposed to taste.
Later, when you can't remember: this is your favorite shitty street pizza in New York. Eat.
Sub par. We’ve given this place tons of tries. For those who say they like it, we suggest you try Bleecker Street Pizza, Joe’s or even Pizza Box instead. For more pizza reviews, check out www.pizzasno
Best Grand Ma pizza in the city, in my opinion. Specially when you get it fresh out of the oven
Best late night pizza!
Pizza is aight..nothing like Ray's on 6th ave
Eat a slice of pizza then go around the corner to see the Comedy Cellar.. Just like the opening of Louie..
Grand Ma slice is the way to go.
They WILL find a way to mess up your order: run out of bread, burn your sub, old veggies, speak poor English, soupy marinara.  go to a diff subway!
One of the employees here speaks little phrases in like 20 languages. Very clever and funny!
They never have wheat bread
Ask for extra ginger scallion (green) sauce.
Go for the sam bo fan!
Two lobsters for $20. That is all.
The roast pork (cha siew) had nice charred bits but also lots of fatty parts and was hacked to shreds. Beef brisket and tendon noodle didn't have much beef. Cheap and trusty but not great food.
Best roasted pork fried rice I've ever had in my entire life!
Quick service with delicious food for cheap!
Very nice customer has eaten there 28 yrs . Must try Duck, Spare ribs also vegetables not sauteed steamed !!! Going to go whole hog for this one !!! smh I LOVE TO EAT !!!
my lunch: duck and pork over rice. my friend's lunch: duck and pork over rice. we split: Chinese broccoli. outcome: delicious food coma! :)
Real fast, real cheap, real good.
Zhou is damn good here! Cash only!
Once you've put your childish giggles in the rearview mirror (we don't judge), set your sights on Big Wong's lobster. You'll get 2 for $20, each seasoned with fresh ginger and covered in scallions.
Open early.
2 lobsters in ginger-scallion sauce $20. Why do I not come here enough...
I heard Big Wong will give the mayor a free DFJ
Have to try the roast duck
All the waiters work together so don't be afraid to ask someone else if you need something :)
Ask for "not so fat" roast pork noodle soup! Very tasty!
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
1 lb roast pork, thousand year old egg and salted pork congee.  Go home happy.
The roast pork and roast duck is the best in NYC.
order the roast pork & roast duck over rice
Try the Spicy Beef Chow fun, Two Lobster Special, or any fried rice combination with fried egg #awesome
Be careful. The egg drop soup can feed like four!
House special not on menu: 2 lobster w/ginger and scallion for $20!
Family style servings,  we learned the hard way!! Lots of food!!!
If you're looking for a quick bite for lunch, this is the place to go. Get the spare ribs. "Finger-lickin' good" doesn't just apply to Colonel Sander's chicken.
National Peking Duck Day is ‘peeking’ around the corner http://exm.nr/yIUgE1
I love this place. Try one of their legendary bowls of congee or famous roast pork!
Boneless pork is the shit
Best roast duck in NY! They speak Cantonese and Mandarin here.
Come here. Get the spicy pork hero. Thank me later.
When giving a presentation that spans multiple offices, don't forget to repeat any questions you may get into the microphone!
Come for the meetings, stay for the mariachi.
Hot water from the coffee machine is way hotter than from the water machine.
Iced coffee in the fridge.  Remember to dilute with water!
Whenever new versions ship to the app store, free drinks on the house!
There's white wine in the fridge! But finish a whole bottle if you decide to open one. I don't like day old wine. K - thanks!
Cider for days! Best when enjoyed after 5PM.
Try the fried broccoli. Probably the best vegetable on the planet!
Buffet line starts at the salad bar! Other end people!
If the keg is acting weirdly, come find me! I can help fix it!
Chef and Culinary Institute of America graduate Paul Zweben is a double threat! He is a restaurateur and a real estate agent. Check out some of the other amazing careers our alumni pursue:
Like your cocktail with a little heat? The Sneaky Heat will quench that burning desire. It's gooooood.
The Pinot noir is awesome. Never knew a Pinot could have such a gorgeous body.
Service is great and the popovers are awesome and the Fillet is perfect. Better that The Capital Grille any day...
Ask for Fatah after having a drink with Ali and Jose before / after the meal.
What I enjoyed were the non-steak items. Tuna Tartare, best I ever had, also Lobster Cobb Salad. Brioche rolls and liver pate come along with your order. Creative cocktails too.
Excellent--candied carrots and creamed spinach were perfect.
Love BLT! One of the most decadent meals I have ever had
Be warned: While the signature popovers served at the beginning of each meal are delicious, it’s easy to fill up on them before the mouthwatering steak you originally came for...
The bartenders are wonderful. Almost as good as the steaks. More consistent actually!
Phenomenal filet (add peppercorn sauce!)
Order the onion rings. Just do it.
You're a fool if you don't try the bacon.
BLT Prime111 E 22nd St (btw Park Ave & Lexington), New York, NY 10010(212) 995-8500   @BLTPrime   bltprime.com
Popovers are amazing. Blue cheese is the best sauce. And steak tartare may be the best dish there!!
Porter house steak
Rib Eye...Rib Eye...and did I say the Rib Eye?
Bone-In Rib Eye. OMG!
The Porterhouse for two is excellent and HUGE (really is for two). Cooked to the perfect temperature. Get the French Fries - some of the best I've ever had - mmm :-)
Awesome truffle mashed potatoes. Don't get their salads, tried 3 diff salads and they were all disappointing. The 22oz ribeye is great for sharing.
Fabulous wait service. Great cocktails. Delicious food!! Great time had by all!!
The short ribs are very tender and tasty. We tried the bleu cheese tater tots, very interesting... But one can never complain about the popovers! Went well with the crab cake and tuna starters
Get the prix fixe menu on the blackboard. Locals know it’s a must.
Free popovers--good. Bacon, crab cakes, porterhouse, creamed spinach, tater tots--meh. Free brownie dessert--great. I won't be back.
Outstanding steak – share the Porterhouse or have the Braised Short Ribs all to yourself.  Start with the Lobster Salad “Cobb” style.
If in the mood for beef, variety of sauces, and endless types of potatoes then this is the place to go! Between their NY strip steak and leek hash browns you really cannot go wrong here.
Food delicious. Pricey wine list.
Definitely go for your friend's 25th birthday  !
Order the Herb-Parmesan Crusted Veal Chop withParmesan Gnocchi
Popovers are unbelievable. If u go steak, get the peppercorn sauce.
Great for a quick bite before boarding the fung wah or lucky star. Way cheap!
Eat the Roasted Pork Bun... Yum
Nice staff. Good place to work, read or sit outside on the bench and people watch.
Good service but they rush you to pay quickly even when dining in...no likey.
Skiller Seared Scallops
Как можно жрать такими огромными порциями?))
Try the fried chicken and waffle.
17 dollar 3 course chef special: soup (okay)+burger(really delicious)+breadpudding (holy $@&#)+Miller High Life.   The manager was really friendly and helpful.
ei8htstone's outdoor seating
I love this place!! The food is great and with your foursquare check in u get free wine!!! Can't beat that!!
Wow the French Baguette sandwich is both huge and amazing!!
Wow... How do I eat this?
attitude adjustment daily
Ok, so the food was nice but I'm sorry, it took 15min for the manager with a bad attitude to decide to honour the 4sq special... Finally to serve corked wine (eventually replaced). So yes... But no.
Beautiful place. Website doesn't do it justice. Great happy hour specials.
99 cent ATM!!
Great brunch menu. Super affordable omelette deal: $6.50 for 1 meat, 1 cheese & 1 veggie omelette + potatoes and spring mix salad. In the West Village this is a steal.
West Village – Unlimited mimosas, bloody marys, coffee and tea for just $24.95!
Thursday night #amazing special - $32, 4-course, wine-paired dinner. Doesn't get better than this
Mimosas. Free hats. Mike B. enough said, SO FUN.
Bottomless Champagne Brunch - For all the functioning alcoholics out there.
To the people who recommended the Bloody Mary... Did you loose your tongue and taste buds in a fire? Do you even know what a Bloody Mary is? Just say no to the Bloody Mary at Philip Marie.
Baby shrimp breakfast burrito was amazing!
Excellent spot for brunch. Dinner is great, too!
For dessert, get the pumpkin fritters. Holy Goddess of Pumpkinitis! I'm naming my first two children "Pumpkin" and "Frit."
Sunday BBQ baby back ribs are baby-making weapons of culinary orgasmicness.
Sunday BBQ potato salad is WAYYYY too salty. #damngurl
Definitely give their portobello fries a try. Delicious!
Do the Marie Wrap with (amazing) waffle fries.  (And the quesadilla wasn't bad either.)
Hope you have time to wait. 40 minutes for a wrapped sandwich to arrive.
Try the Crab Cake Eggs Benedict - As great as this #brunch #egg dish can be prepared (via @Foodspotting)
Warm and friendly staff.  Best brunch deal in the city!! AYCD mimosas along with great food!!
The duck was very good!
Awful service. AWFUL
The lunch and brunch specials are great here!!
You must have the Wild Boar!  It's not on the main menu, and is only available at certain times, but if it is on the Daily Specials, order it!
Cheap and usually pretty empty- great to catch up
bison sliders & napoleon beet salad were amazing
Worst Bloody Mary in town. Seriously.
Order steak and eggs with unlimited mimosas....amazing!
Tres leche cake is sublime.
Crab cakes Benedict, one egg delish, the other barely cooked. And I sat at the bar by myself, had a horrible bartender with a DISGUSTING rash around his neck. Heard good things about here...not true.
Portobello fries and great people watching
Check in on foursquare for a free mimosa
Love and cook with wild abandon.
Sensational Bloody Marys...perfect hair of the dog.
Never get the chicken, pork, or beef. Stick with ham, turkey, or veggies. Meatballs are ok too
1,000 calorie sandwiches!
$5 footlong!
Looks good and I can eat it. Why does it have to be in NY!
This one is the cart to the south. Chx and rice - a desert island meal.
They have udon!
Get the J-WOWW sandwich
this place is the shit, you guys.
Try the chicken club
The mr. Jimmy on a hero keeps me coming back for more
Order the Cocowawa for lunch. It's a delicious grilled chicken, fresh avocado, lettuce, and cheese sandwich. Get it on a roll.
My only tip is you must come here.
My favorite of all Two Boots locations! Always fresh and tasty.
the tony clifton and the night tripper will leave you happy, and with bad breath.
V for Vegan is the best vegan slice in the city!!
While Two Boots is known for its pizza, the menus hidden gem is the rosemary chicken po' boy. Filling and delicious!
Tony Clifton slice all the way!
Order The Dude + Cleopatra Jones...and thank me later.
The Newman is the best.
A super face, Louisiana based! Love the west village joint!
Be Italian with family in NoLa and eat here. Messes with your mind!
Monstrously good, though not classic NY, pizza. And cheese and cheeseless varieties of vegan pizza too.
Unquestionably the slowest pizza place of all time.
Love the crusty bottom with cornmeal!
Perfect for late night pizza after sing sing karoke!
love the Dude and Mr. Pink.
Be sure to get the Bayou Beast or the Earth Mama (with cheese). They were absolutely delicious!
Corn-meal crust is often good, especially when paired with their toppings. Good creative vegetarian slices.
two words: Cleopatra Jones. You'll have stank breath for hours, but it's so delish you won't even care
The Bayou Beast is one of the best slices in the Five Boroughs.
The best pizza place in terms of decorum and staff. The pizzas have funky names like Tony Clifton (which I can personally recommend, great toppings). Plenty of vegetarian options, plus one vegan pie.
i love their rotating pizza specials and late night hours!
Beat place for foreign film section.
Cleopatra Jones is my pick - sausage, onion, peppers and mozzarella perfection.
Try the new Kraken. Great!
A late night slice of "the dude" and an icy cold brooklyn lager is a perfect late night meal after seeing a show at the mercury lounge.
I love their pizza; they are named after obscure people. And they make them like nowhere else. You can get pies with Jalapino pesto, Crawdads, Salami, Buffalo Chicken, Tasso Ham, Vadalia Onions, Sun D
Which slice do you get? I get the CALZONE (usually with spinach)
$6 lunch special rocks
Don't leave without a slice of the Bayou Beast.
If you're picking up late night food at Two Boots, go to Tapeo 29 for liquid brunch the next morning.
Fantastic lentil soup!
Insane sandwiches....
The wifi password is nativebeans
Best Bagel alternative to Russ & Daughters in the East Village (and 1/3 of the price).
Awesome decor... plants and trippy ceiling fixtures! Super smiley staff.
request bob marley and get a free coffee
Excellent place. Haven't tried anything yet that isn't fresh. Great, friendly people! Support small businesses and check this one out.
Even though the wifi is free & protected w/ a password, service is still spotty.
Best bagel shop in the LES
Their piles of rugalach = AWESOME
Good neighborhood bagel spot. Super nice staff.
The fresh squeezed vegetable juice is really good and a great price too. I got the carrot beet ginger juice. YUM :p
Roast beef, mozzarella, horseradish, and sun dried tomatoes on a toasted everything bagel (#8) - go for it! You won't regret it!
I love the Tunisian Tuna sandwich... Just don't expect your typical tuna flavors.
Love the oatmeal!
Nice staff!  Try the goat cheese sandwich with wallnuts on a bagle
Tunisian tuna sandwich is mighty tasty, although they're pretty good at sandwiches in general here.
Special salad is purty goood
Home of the 15 minute cappuccino. These guys take their sw33t time crafting their caffinated delights.
Wifi: native / Password: nativebeans
I like the Ham& Swiss or the mini bagels.. Coffee not bad ;)
Johnny, buy the next girl you see come in a coffee.
You can talk soccer with Salif (Man utd)  and Nesta (Chelsea) until the cows come home. Lovely place, lovely people.
The best oatmeal, with blueberries, cranberries, bannanad, walnuts...chaos waiting for it but all fresh, yum!
There is no order in the chaos that is the native bean. Great bagels.
Good strong latte.
Good breakfast sandwiches, clean and inexpensive
Nice ambiance.  It's comfortable to stay longer.  Tried organic jujo rooibos blend tea.  Very nice
Amazing selection.another cozy find in my wonderful east village home.
This place rocks! Nice vibe, great handmade tea.
Fucking awesome selection of Teas.  There are incredible blends here at extremely reasonable prices per pot. Be the first on your block to say you've been to this brand new establishment.
Spicy miso ftw
Great lunch specials sets! Ramen + gyoza hits the spot!
Lunch specials are very nice.
Due to Sundy, Tel does not work, But we are open
50% off " Additive-free" Ramen for Two-Year Anniversary October, During our anniversary celebration period for from Oct. 19 - Nov.12. We are offering regular size "additive fee" Ramen for half price.
Great ramen and fried rice, but they have a 'b' rating.
Kuboya is pleased to announce that we have added House Red & White Wines to our happy hour specials! Only $4.50/glass from 5-8pm everyday so drop by for a glass or two ( or more) anytime!!
How about some $1.99 Sapporo drafts at Happy Hour 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm and our new special appetizers made just for the upcoming hot summer ?
We have new Lunch special dishes on the menu: Ramen Set $9.50 [any regular size ramen + your choice of 3 pieces of dumpling, half size fried rice or small salad]  Lunch Sat & Sun 12;00 Noon  - 3:00 Pm
536 E 5th St (between Avenue A & Avenue B) (212) 777-70102 Av (F) Essex St (J, M, Z) Delancey St (F)Mon-Fri 5 pm - 12 amSat-Sun 12 pm - 12 am
Free hot genmai tea ...:)
Our new & delicious Katsu Pork Curry is only $9.50!
Do you like Katsu-don? Here we go, our new Katsu-don seasoned with sweet soy sauce will satisfy your body & soul. It's only $9.50!
Have you tried our Fried Chicken with Tartar Sauce yet? It's the best in the world!
We now have Taco-chan Sausage (たこちゃんウインナー)! This retro Japanese recipe is great with beer and sake. We make this only with finest Berkshire pork sausage. Come & try!
Here is a House Ume Ochazuke (贅沢茶漬け) made with a seafood ramen broth. You can have this only in our restaurant in whole NYC area.
A bit of a treck from 36 Cooper Square, but easily the best Ramen in town.
Kubo-chan shio
waiting , waiting & waiting for a table at minca > kuboya
Try the Spicy Miso ramen with extra pork ! Definitely the most tender pork I've ever had, it literally melts in your mouth :)
The fried chicken and fried rice are super good.
I actually crave their fried rice more than the noodles. It's simple but yummy.
Food is mediocre. Service is a disaster. We were the only people there. 2 hours for ramen.  Are you serious?  Go anywhere else unless you don't mind eating much later than intended.
Come here to enjoy the environment and music. The food is excellent, slow down your life and enjoy things!
$15 lunch special EVERY DAY, even weekends. Includes your choice of ramen, a half fried rice, and 5 gyoza. http://mmmelody.com/2011/04/04/great-ramen-no-wait-at-kuboya/
Ask Kubo-chan the former salaryman himself what broths that week are faring tastiest!
The spicy miso is a favorite, the broth and noodles are cooked deliciously! Owner is nice, gave me iced japanese tea as I waited for my take-out.
Go for extra pork, don't miss the spicy miso or shio ramen, and they actually make fried rice amazing.
They play nice classical music and the pork is super tender.
Def better than minca. More broths to try and IMO they've all been better. I like the spicy miso broth best.
Usually good but I got really sick 2 hours after the meal here once. Jut saying.
ooooohhhh   the secreat sauce!its delicious
Update! No more unlimited Mimosas and Bloody Marys :(
The stuffed French toast is awesome! No, seriously!
Great brunch. $12.95 with unlimited mimosas.
Little Italy – $12.95 for 2 cocktails and brunch item.. always includes coffee
Careful of the add ons to your bill. Tip is included in your bill.
Not the best... Little Italy has better to offer.
Fab ladies night! 2 for 1 drinks and free apps
come to the afterparty!
Whatever happened to Little Charlies? I hate progress.
On the always-changing menu are delicacies such as delicate beef carpaccio with watercress aioli and lemony shrimp scampi with capers and dill. We say: try both.
Try the Praying Nixon cocktail. Bourbon, lemon juice and red wine floater.
A new-and-now Nolita restaurant that boasts house-made pasta and superb seafood dishes. Run, don’t walk.
Do it all for the “Nookie,” which in this case is their signature drink made of mint/Bombay/St Germain/dry vermouth.
The pastas are fab, and the portions are huge, all under $20. Perfect spot for lady dates.
Salad bar is gross. Not fresh.
just ordered a spciy chicken salad lunch
Salad & Pasta Bar. Sandwich & fruit yogurt. Cuban Panini. Good prices.
Free small bottled water with a salad bar order! Awesome!
Friendly + cheap = win
Bad service on Saturdays. no bacon egg and chz after 12, burnt coffee, gave a hard time about using a cc with no stated minimum
Come for the Jazz brunch on Saturday
Good food and lovely seating in the back garden.
The WORST service I have experienced in NYC. The manager showed up 20 min after I asked for him and said "well, my life is important too" WOULD NOT RETURN!!!!
Love the yellow tail appetizer. Eat around the tostada though, not necessary carbs. #FFactorApproved
Movies playing on third floor, check it out.
No idea why there are so many complaints about service. Service was understated (for Americans), but perfectly fast enough. Menu is interesting and lived up to expectations. Would definately recommend
The service here is comically bad.
Decadent, tasty dishes. Fish with seasonal purees. Great raw dishes and lovely townhouse atmosphere. A sanctuary from busy meatpacking vibe. Backyard perfect late Sunday summer nights.
Try the Shrimp and Grits - Yumm (via @Foodspotting)
Sunday saint...amazing
Carnivores, get the tomahawk. It's the bomb!
Tues night - DeeJayyyyyy Reborn  - nice little find in the meatpacking dist.
Looking for London Dry Gin? BULLDOG's the name, Churchill's the namesake.
Sit at the bar and enjoy the meat packing crowd.
Awful service. Horrible menu. Rather go to McDonalds. Not really, but you get the point.
as other reviewers are saying ... the service is extremely slow. amazingly slow. food is not bad tho
Food is decent but the cocktails are great!
In haberdasheries of yore you could expect to find buttons and needles, maybe some ribbon, peddler's goods
Nice strong cocktail after a long week.. Ace of Clubs was the name.
Most of the food was overcooked. Dessert was good though.
If you like gin, get the florandora. The raspberry syrup gives it a great twist!
Bone marrow is amazing. Cute for drinks out in the garden only during the week, wknds are a shit show
Do yourself a favor skip the food stick with drinks. Slow service & over priced food.
Service is poor. They're kinda rude for not being so busy. And why did they run out of everything on the menu?
Great brunch alternative in the meatpacking district - a delicious adventure for Filipinos and non Filipinos alike!
BEWARE! They charge 20% tip for all. And don't tell you yet add a tip line on the bill as well. You could pay 40% tip if you don't look!
Bud Light не става...
try the paloma, a refreshing twist on a margarita with grapefruit juice. the waiter's off-and-on french accent is comical.
The hanger steak is good, as is the truffle Mac and Cheese. Wash everything down with their version of the West Side Mule. The wait times here are awful so make sure to set aside extra time.
Fire alarm went off. No food!
Having my first Big Mac Meal in forever. Yuuuuuuuummy !!!
lost my keys in this location once - never found them - be careful
used to go to thid location but very often they didnt accept the mcdonalds gift cards - and the coke diet coke is ALWAYS flat and tastes horrible
McGriddle McGriddle McGriddle need I say more.
Definitely needs more staff. Manager is rude as well.
Ghetto McDonalds!
The slowest McDonald's ever. They need more staff.
There are times when i went there the staff are not nice today i was lucky to find someone nice =)
They have cheap and yummy coffee. $1.25 for hot and $2.25 for iced. It tastes better and is cheaper than Starbucks!
Get an ice coffee to skip the line.
believe it or not, the bi bim bap in the back is pretty good.
Good food.
Nothing gourmet about this place. It's always a last resort for me. The salads are pretty inexpensive compared to other places in the hood though.
The sweetest cashiers!
Aka Mexico's
This place is disgusting.  I see roaches crawling around when I pass by.
Bibimbop with chicken or tofu.
Under $4 for 2 any style eggs, large platter of home fries, and 2 pieces of toast. Now that's my idea of a deal.
the salads can't be beat.. for 6 bucks you get a healthy lunch with almost any topping you could hope for. lunchtime can have quite a wait though
For Udon, go down the street to Duke's!
Get the bibimbop with tofu and brown rice. Comes with fried egg & miso soup for only $7 and it's fantastic. Service is tragically slow though.
Pizza is decent wouldn't trust the other foods
$2.75 for 2 slices and a soda. Not bad
Avoid 3-4PM if you hate teenagers
Damn good pizza for $1 that isn't a 2 brothers. Load it up with red peppers and black pepper, good n spicy
Get a slice of pizza.
$1 pizza great in the morning when hung over.
The hot dogs are amazing, ketchup, mustard, and onions is where it's at
When the pizza is just out of the oven the $1 slice will make you and your wallet very happy.
Decent $1 pizza!
Try the banana drink, its the best<3
Go here instead of Dos Caminos. Cheaper and more traditional, unprocessed food. Guacamole is delicious.
Pollo a la Mexicana is awesome
Gross food and slow service. $14 per person minimum too... wtf
Try the Chicken Tacos and Steak Burrito (via @Foodspotting)
Sometimes, classic is best. Go bold and call for a BULLDOG Gimlet.
This place is effin awesome. Fundito!
Village Voice is excited to have Mexico Lindo at the 2012 Choice Eats food fest! Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Ordering La Magdalena should be delish
Try the enchilada suezas! So tasty!
Riazul Tequila Añejo in a snifter, to die for!!
Ask for Frank - he's Fabulous!
Try the Donita margarita & as far as food arroz con pollo , tacos ,  carnitas'  are moy terrific !!!
Authentic Mexican. I LOVE their Black bean soup. Live music on the weekend.
The mojitos & guacamole are on point.  Highly recommend.
Micheladas are yummy
Get the Margarita de la Casa.
Every drink comes w a mini financier - just the right amount if sweet to go with your cup of joe!
Go here vs. the starbucks next door. Way better friendlier customer service, faster service times, and my order never gets lost.
Better than Starbucks and the line is always 1/3 the size.
The pastries are to die for.
Yummy macaroons! Good service too, even during busy hours!
Great macarons and paninis!
Their brownies are ridiculously good. Cocoa powdered dusted, gooey top, perfect consistency, nutty on the inside. Sit outside by the water & enjoy one in the sun.
There are two lines. Coffee line can start in the middle of the store. Feel free to cut the line waiting for the pastries/cakes.
Join their Loyalty Card program - I just got a free coffee for activating my card!
Pistachio eclair is the eclair of the week. Try it. NOW!
Gone downhill, girls on register as miserable as sin and don't give out free cakes any more despite having them by the register and despite leaving a tip. Im off to Starbucks
They stopped going away the free nibbles, might as well go Starbucks instead
Free mini financier with ur tea/coffee purchase
Get the Linzer Cookie, buy 3 if you like it & your only in New York for the day.
Can't really go wrong here... Their fruit tartelettes are amazing: flaky, fruity and light.  They also brew illy coffee if you don't want Starbucks coffee from across the way...
Surprisingly good fruit
Best pastries in the manor
French classics at their best. -Yigit Pura, Top Chef Just Desserts
Great place to relax and stare at beautiful French pastries. -Eric Wolitzky, Top Chef Just Desserts
The fraisier strawberry cake is the best. Light, with fresh strawberries and not to sweet or cloying
Try the biscotti and macaroon
The "pains au chocolat" are as close as you can get to the real thing in NYC
Chouquettes are good, inexpensive, fun at Financier.
Looks good)))
Sounds like a nobrainer, but best when garage door is open.
Soho'da çok klas, şık ve nezih bir Restoran, sahibi ve bazı çalışanlar Türk, Türk yemekleri de var çok leziz.
Now showing euro'12.  come join us..
Grilled prawns with mushroom risotto @ Antique Garage
Baby Lamb Chops with dry Turkish apricot brandy ruduction sauce...yummyy:)
Grilled Prawns with mushroom risotto @ Antique Garage
Branzini (levrek) @ Antique Garage
Yogurt Kebap@Antique Garage
Live jazz @ Antique Garage, every week nights and sunday evening from 7.30pm and every saturday, sunday jazz Brunch starting 12.30 pm.
Grouper fish @Antique Garage
Private party @ Antique Garage
Come for brunch with live jazz.
Cutest and original restaurant in NYC! :)
Cozy place for a cocktail during cold day Soho shopping
Live jazz Thursdays!
Don't get the manti it's not true manti. Might as well call that fried raviolis. Must eat the mezze!
Cheese plate + a glass of wine!!! Perfect combination for to spend a dinner!!!
Such a fun & cozy SoHo spot. Bring a few great friends and order the mixed meze and grilled halloumi salad.
The mint lemonade is great.  Even if you're not hungry sit at the bar and have one to cool off.
Order the sour cherry juice!
Great food! Get the sampler appetizer!
The diet coke is freakin awesome.  Those little chilled bottles.
Un verre de vin, un menu bistro et un trio jazz, c'est la belle vie. Ambiance montréalaise à NYC...
Love everything about this place. Great ambience, delicious menu, excellent wines, friendly staff, live jazz...
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this stylish spot and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: excellent mezze and jazz six nights a week.
Come here on a cold night. It's cozy inside.
Saturday breakfast with live jazz!
Try Manti - it is amazing (but really small dish)!
Try to sit at one of the big, community/homestyle tables. Get into a conversation with the person beside you.
The time has come for Noodlepalooza! Come ready tomorrow to eat oodles and oodles of noodles! Check out this fun food fest at the World Financial Center Winter Garden from 11am - 2pm.
NY Classical Theatre returns to the World Financial Center with Playing Molière, a free production of three one-act comedies by the French playwright. 2/21 - 3/11, Tuesday - Sunday at 7pm.
Barry is the shit
Amazing!!!! I basically got handed unlimited tapas from the friendliest bartender EVER.  A standout amongst all the snobbery in the neighborhood. EXCELLENT WINE!
A coffee shop and bar reminiscent of something you would find in Italy. 2 for 1 happy hour deal isn't too bad either.  You kind of forget all the ratty watering holes that came before it
Perfect macchiato: tasted like good, bitter chocolate with just a little sweetness.
legit espresso. legit Italian coffee bar atmosphere
At Segafredo, we strive to provide something for everyone. Whether it be an early morning espresso and breakfast where you can “grab and go”
Our espresso is rated number one throughout the world and this sets the standards for all the products and services we will offer at Segafredo NYC.
It will give New Yorkers a unique venue by marrying the traditional café with a trendy lounge/restaurant setting. At Segafredo, everyone is a VIP and treated with the utmost attention to detail
Segafredo NYC will offer much more than the best coffee experience possible
The “Brothers Kang Group” is proud to present the first true Segafredo experience in New York City which shall be known as Segafredo Zanetti Espresso NYC.
Segafredo NYC is the vision of the Kang Brothers, Amrinder and Bari, who have taken a personal interest in making this one of the best Segafredo cafes in the world.
Also open late Friday and Saturday till 11pm.
Hey Taj Tribeca offers now weekend buffets 12pm-3pm only $9.99.
We will be closed on Dec. 19th, 2012 for a private party 5pm-8pm and will reopen at 8pm for dinner.
Happy Holidays!! Cheers to a Peaceful and Joyful Holiday Season for us all with free house wine for Your Holiday party here.
If you want to make interesting new friends and have a delicious meal, Taj Tribeca has partnered with Grubwithus.com to host a social dinner on the first Monday of every month. Fun idea!
AMEX is again giving 5$ statement credit for those checking in and using their registered Amex cards at small businesses from 7/16 thru 9/4/12. We canuse this opportunity to support small businesses.
Love chicken biryani!!!
One of the better Indian restaurants in NYC. Entrees are more varied, flavorful, and less oily than typical Indian restaurants here. But spices sometimes are overdone. I'll request it medium or mild.
Among the better Indian restaurants in NYC. Entrees are more varied, flavorful and less oily than typical Indian restaurants here. But spices sometimes are overdone. I'll request it medium or mild.
Buffet a US$ 13,95. Estando próximo ao antigo World Trade Center, venha no almoço.
O almoço aqui vale a pena! Comida Indiana de ótima qualidade. Buffet e preço fixo no almoço. Jantei uma vez e almocei agora. Vale! Coma com uma taça do vinho branco da casa - chardonnay
Go somewhere else
Taj Tribeca offers a daily all-you-can-eat lunch buffet that goes until 3 p.m. The buffet includes a variety of meat and vegetarian dishes, as well as freshly baked naan.
Buffet is good if u can eat alot
The lunch prefix is only to go.
Hands down- best garlic naan I've ever had! (it's better than some I've had in India!) Great service as well!
Nice spicy food .. Didnt expect this much spice
Good vegetarian food!
great service, if you ask for something really spicy... they warn you.. and then they serve it! it was great chicken tikka  masala!
Garlic naan and mulligatawny, great
Wonderful service, cozy ambience
Vindaloo actually *is* spicy here for a welcome change.
Try the pumpking ale!
Ask for Buffalo Balls. Truly mouthwatering!
Order the Fireball shots and they come with rock candy pops!
Summer menu coming out soon...lots of great vegetarian options and summer brews!
Nice truffle fries
More of a bar than a food place. They do have a hummus plate and some nice beers. More vegan stuff would be cooler though!!
Killer pub fare (fried pickles, fried mushrooms, wings) and Captain Lawrence Liquid Gold on tap. Double-score!!
Check out the downstairs Whiskey lounge.  Lots of fine single malts to try out.
The tables are covered with paper and they give you crayons to color with :)
Come back here when Woodrow's opens on March first.
The greek salad comes with mini falafels instead of chicken. loved it!
The live Brazilian music on Sundays and beautiful waitresses make this a spot to come back to time and again.
Love the coffee shop for "breakfast  all day". Coffee is also excellent
Try the Special Fruit Pancakes - Mixed berries (via @Foodspotting)
Great food, drink, and atmosphere but hands down the worst service EVER, from bar to waitstaff. Been here a few times and service perpetually disappoints.
Great food...
Voice recommends the shrimp baiano
Amazing cocktails! Not one person who works here isn't a model.
Wow this place is REALLY not a coffee shop.
Cafe con leche is yum.
No-nonsense diner in the start-up neighborhood.
Some kind of mega-diner focussed on students.
service is terrible all across the board.  Food is solid. Not worth a second visit
Great bar scene, Carl's back!
Try the Sesame Chicken Salad - My go to salad here (via @Foodspotting)
Ask to sit in Natalie's section she is the best
Kind of expensive considering the venue.
Horrible service.
i will never go to this place again. i used to go ~3 times per week for breakfast. Bad service, uncomfortable seating, and ultimately a nasty hostess refusing to seat me has led to a permanent boycott
Expensive. Go to Cosi and get three times the amount of food for the same price.
This place needs a/c badly!
Alec is the best server! I've had him twice and each time he's been incredibly charming and attentive.
Pretentious hostess. No leg room under the tables. Mediocre food. Much better venues in the neighborhood.
Warning: the wait staff won't let you sit in a booth if you are only having coffee. It's THE COFFEE SHOP!! Worst service ever.
If you start early you can come here 7 Times in one day
Food was decent. The place is a mess and sticky.  Servers are dumb as a box of hair.
Drinks and food are good.  Models are nice to look at, service can be a bit..... Underwhelming.  Especially if you don't look like a model yourself.  Good thing I do.  Jk.
The service is becoming slower everytime I come here.
fab ppl watching, both in the resto and downstairs in the club
Have lunch outside on a sunny day...it's wonderful!
The gorgeous Cacao Bar and Tea Salon here evoke the Old-World cafés of Paris and Vienna.
I have to check in here
RK house kah ?
Mmm delicious!
for the queens locations, can you guys think of locations other than Flushing...there's Forest Hills, Astoria, Elmhurst, etc. and list goes on...
FREE samples of Malaysian cuisine from restaurants in Manhattan, Oct. 11 - Nov. 6, and in Queens, Nov. 8 - Nov. 19, 2010.  The truck will operate Monday-Friday from 11:30 am - 3:00pm while supplies la
Try the Banana Cream Pie (via @Foodspotting)
Try the New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Rough Cut Tuna Nachos (via @Foodspotting)
Churros for dessert are a must.
The shrimp taco app is insane. Steaks were on point. Well done Flay!
Get the shrimp and roasted garlic tamales and the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin.
Good burger
New Mexican pork is off the hook
Spicy fried chicken i like mm_good.....
Spicy fried chicken i would eat it everyday.........
Try the Pork Tenderloin (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tiger Shrimp + roasted Garlic Corn Tamale (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing. Worth every penny. I love Bobby Flay
Try the Eggs With Sweet Potatoe Hash (via @Foodspotting)
The breadsticks are amazing. Tho apparently they ran out the last time I was there.
Order the Blackberry Smash. The Mezcal Tequila adds the perfect amount of smoke to counteract the sweet!
Go during Restaurant Week - it will save you 50% on your bill and refills aren't free ;o)
Overrated and overpriced. I wish I had skipped this place.
Corn tortillas with duck are The best. Skip dessert though
Get the duck.
Gone so downhill! Live round the corner. Full of rude hostesses and empty tables. Only ppl left that go here are tourists... Bobby, you know you can do better!
Corn side dish is well worth the price.
Food is great but can sometimes be a bit spicey on my tongue.
First, choose FP French Chocolat located in  New York, for our wide variety of extremely high-quality chocolate gifts. Call us today at (866) 945-9901 or e-mail us at info@fpfrenchchocolat.com.
Banana cream pie was AMAZING!
Mesa Grill102 5th Ave. (Btw 15th & 16th), New York, NY 10011American Restaurant, Mexican Restaurant, Restaurant
Def get the goat cheese and blue tortilla for an app.
Goat cheese queso is great.
Try the Sticky Toffee pudding.  Awesome and fantastic like everything else we had.
Not necessarily a bad place. But totally overreacted. Nothing special at least for the brunch menu.
Un coffee más en esta sorprendente ciudad.
Have patience and come for the shear entertainment value of coffee feines freaking out because they have to wait for their coffee.
Great customer service!!
They always make my coffee right
Bad baristas (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Baristas are slow
ตัวอย่าง: เลือกโต๊ะในสวนหลังร้าน ลมเย็นๆ กลิ่นดอกไม้หอม สั่งกาแฟและอ่านหนังสือดีๆ นี่ก็เป็นสถานที่ชิลติดอันดับของระแวกนี้เลย
Service here is amazing
Ojan best was here!!!
Note to the barista: um, you got my order wrong, you don't get to be the rude dick in this scenario. Never had this problem in any other Starbucks.
Wait, this is a chain?!
Their wifi is crap! Don't expect to work on laptop here!
The Staff. Well they r always so friendly. PLUS its pretty clean and quiet. People watching here is also nice as its positioned directly across from Trump Soho.
Gerda, the GM, is the best.  Say hi.
Such negativity on most of these posts but my experience lately is that the staff here is awesome. Eric is my favorite he knows what I order everyday an rarely wait for anything
Must...have...redeye.
Fabulous staff- great team work- friendly and motivated!
Turn around and go somewhere else
Go to the Starbucks on Hudson instead. The walk might be longer but you'll make up the time because the wait is so much shorter.
The only thing they *might* get right here is black coffee.
Try the Coffee!
The heater seats were in winter thought a nice thought, but burning your ass is worse than burning your mouth.
Love people watching out the window
All these counters and seating space but no chairs. Fucking ripoff.
If u r looking for space to sit and do your work this might not be d place as there s very lil space to sit
Best part of Starbucks is their holiday lattes.
Big a big smile you always have better service :D
Absolute shit show
Any questions about this Starbucks or any other place in the world? Ask your question on LocalUncle.com and enter the future!
They don't let you use the restrooms here. So strange!
Drive the truck
Try the mixed froyo options
Scallops for the win. Their richness was beautifully cut with some acidity in the sear.
best restaurant in the area. the radish plate is the jam. excellent grey hounds
The Scotch Egg and the Beet Crumble are to die... Haven't gotten to the Celery Root Pot Pie but things are looking good.
A bit of a hidden gem. Try anything on the cocktail menu, especially their version of a dark and stormy. The burger is spectacular and a personal recommendation.
Oatmeal Stout!
Delicious delicious!!! Try the amazing Peekytoe Crab Gratin appetizer. YUM.
because, oysters
Curried monkfish: amaze
You have to try trh spicy seared tuna! Fabulous
The Fat Radish has lunch delivery now weekdays on Seamless.com
The chicken is amazing!!
Sweet Pea Summer Pie is a must when in season.
The Scotch egg is heavenly!
People! Good scotch eggs are hard to come by. Egg wrapped in sausage (what?!) and then deep fried (!!!), served with killer spicy mustard.
You can't go wrong with the scallops (w/bacon jam!)  or the burger. And scotch eggs are a must - especially if you're British & used to cheap pub versions ;) Yum. Definitely coming back here!
The soft scramble is delicious and special
Humm! miam miam!
Celery pot pie and poached eggs...all day!
Try a glass of Mahi Sauvignon blanc from NZ! Delicious.
Without a doubt -- celery pot pie. Then monk fish vindaloo, peakytoe gratin (crazy good) and best of all the seared sea scallops. Whoa.
Congratulations! You have arrived at my second home. Make sure you have the Cheeseburger with Duck Fat Fries! Tell your server to give a kiss to Chef Matty Bee in the kitchen. He's haute.
Bacon cheeseburger has some kind of inter-galactic cheddar that will make your mouth dance on its toes. Duck fat fries are no joke, super yum and almost the size of a very large cucumber.
Food was hyped.  Salads were the best part great esp. kale caesar.  tried the scotch egg and beet crumble which were waay too rich. Enjoyed the ambiance though & fun bluegrass music through the night
good atmosphere, farm to table
The spaghetti squash, lemongrass Bellini and the chicken pot pie. Mmmm..
Try everything! Burger. Green salad, kale Caesar, deciles beets! Yes!
Try the Monkfish Vindaloo (via @Foodspotting)
Pot pie is perfection on a cold day, friendly staff, still a cool spot with fine fare.
Pot pie, beet crumble & mussels special were fantastic. Man-o-war Sauv Blanc was delicious ans refreshing. Paired really well with all the veggies
locavore, stoke, your core, shimmering white, him n' her, quite, sturdy masonry, flirty, stately, fashionista, ration, feaster, obscure corner, lox, cure, bore her, root vegetable, hoot, estimable
awful! i forgot how bad it was. shrimp quesadilla was fried and loaded w bbq sauce. overdone, overpriced. not going back!
The 4sq special bacon guac is absolutely amazing. Prickly pear margaritas are a must. We were a party of 9 loud and probs obnox diners and the servers were so sweet and accomodating!
Celebrating National Taco Day today with all our fan favorite tacos, plus a featured dessert taco! Tacos de Manzana: Caramelized Apples, Raisins, Dried Cherries, Pioncillo, Cinnamon Tortillas
I was having lunch yesterday here. Nice patio, great service but Tacos were a completely disaster. I paid a lot for the worst Tacos I have ever eaten in my Life. Other food looked good.
Ummm, don't.
Went for brunch this morning. Amazing breakfast fajita. And a mimosa too!!! 15 bucks! Not too shabby for this girl.
Terribly slow service. Very over priced as well.
My god the guacamole!!! =oD
Come with extra time if ordering the "super secret" checkin special. One of the quickest meals to prepare, I left after waiting ~30 minutes.
It's National Tequila Day! Join us for a complimentary tequila tasting at the bar today from 5-7pm, a Tequila Day special flight, or a seasonal Peach Margarita
If you like spicy drinks get the  Durango margarita! aaaamazing
Dos Caminos has THE best guacamole dip I've ever tasted! (and I don't even like guacamole) AND its made to order.
Good atmosphere. Fresh guacamole.
Drinks are +$10, but strong. Window seats, the best. Great music & not loud. Rose sangria a-ok
Bring your own carrot sticks.
Try the Cake De Piña - #sweet #rum #strawberry #pineapple (via @Foodspotting)
Try the pork ribs - #guava #corn #noms and a #tomatillo #gazpacho compliments of the house :) (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ceviche Trio - #lobster #tuna #redsnapper (via @Foodspotting)
The brunch special includes a cocktail and coffee - and there's lots of space including a great outdoor patio
Slow service.
Great guacamole & Cadillac margs
Riazul Tequila rocks!!
Help us fund clean water for children around the world! Donate to UNISEF’s TAP Project by giving $1 for tap water & $2 for bottled water during World Water Week - March 19-25th
The guacamole is fresh,  delicious and will turn your poop a brilliant shade of green. Highly recommended. The fish tacos aren't bad either :)
Prickly pear shots and Bloody Marys are the way to go.  Oh and their fresh guacamole, spicy!!
And come by for St. Patty's Day on Saturday- feast on corned beef & cabbage, sip a cold beer, be entertained by Irish dancers and enter our raffle for prizes
March Madness is here! Join us for beers, Habanero Wings & Smoked Chicken Nachos, or watch at home with March Madness party platters to go
Chorizo con huevos is back, you're welcome.
Dos Caminos Soho475 W Broadway At Houston (at Houston), New York, NY 10012Mexican Restaurant
Love love LOVE! the guac!
Couscous with merguez sausage. Major yumminess - gigantic serving!
Colorful, sunny restaurant along the West Side Highway. The Moroccan Mary has some amazing Mediterranean spices / nuts and goes perfectly with the Couscous with sausage
Cous cous with chicken is the best dish on the menu.
Brunch with a vintage twist, at everyone's favorite hotel. Go to this one instead of the NoLiTa one.
The avocado toast is the best!
If you go by yourself, sit at the bar. The bar tender is a cool and funny guy.
Try gorgonzola honey & walnut plater w/ any type of tea! amazing experience..
Baked eggs and avocado toast for brunch and cous cous for dinner!
A great new find that's cozy and delicious.
Excellent couscous. Ask for hot sauce. Interesting euro crowd. Service is very French.
Go for the ambiance, stay for the avocado toast.
You have to try the croutons here, they are the best I had in my life!!
Smoked Salmon Tatar on baguette
ottimo per aperitivo
Avocado toast, chicken satay, mint tea.
Dinner w my Hunty (@nychiconista)!!!!
Say hi to Alexis, she's the nicest server!
New York City Restaurants are springing for alfresco dining this summer http://exm.nr/KNRb1R
This place is delightful. If I can get a seat outside at the Mott location, life is grand.
There's a crocodile on the wall.
It's critical that you try the avocado toast. Say, "Brain, it's a $6 piece of toast, and I want it." Your brain will understand.
Salmon eggs cooked medium. Extra capers.
For Saturday brunch, there's nothing better than the Orange Blossom Waffles & the Avocado Toast. Best part is the toast is really easy to make at home, too!
Try the Avocado Toast (via @Foodspotting)
Avocado toast - perfect
Mediterranean, hanging geranium, cous cous, goose goose, French Riviera, pithy ephemera, salmon pot pie, not a cloud in the sky, Ricard, sous le regard, hibiscus tea, gay Paree ...
the coffee here is so strong that even the decaf has a kick (beware!)
Order the avocado toast and couscous with sausage!
The baked eggs are excellent and the coffee really is among the best in NY. It's got a great vibe, if a bit precious
Herbed Goat Cheese & Pom sauce to die for!
Sus muchos establecimientos son oasis en la "big apple".
This Starbucks is not open to the public. It is available to the people who work in the building. It is directly across from the lobby newsstand.
The staff called Gi Gi is great! Very friendly, good service
Seriously one of the slowest Starbucks I've ever been to. Unacceptably slow staff.
The slooowest Starbucks in the history of the world!
Slowest Starbucks I have ever been to. No effort to speed up the line by taking orders earlier. If you are a local or in a hurry, avoid.
Poor service... You wait forever...
Ready... Set... WAIT.
How do u have one person working here? ... smh
Get the members card and have extra syrup, topping etc free forever!!
PHOTO: A perplexed puppy looks on as a restaurant owner at 1307 6th Ave pulls up a fake fire hydrant he planted on the sidewalk in 1955, at the link!
My favorite Starbucks! Great music and plenty. Of food options
Staff is awesome! They memorize each persons drink.
If anyone from Starbucks pays attention to customer comments, take this store under your wing and retrain everyone.
Stay away from this place. The staff sucks. The drinks are terrible. The manager is a lunatic.
Take ur receipt get a 2 dolla drink
Always fresh, the best coffee and donuts in the city.
Music is too loud. You have to shout your order three times.
Nice morning staff, no lines in the AM, good coffee, NO SEATING
Some of the BEST Mexican food in Hell's Kitchen. Definitely a hole-in-the-wall sorta establishment, but the food is perfect. Tacos and tamales win all the awards.
Try the potato skins with salsa. Very tasty!
Terrible service. Food is disgusting and way overpriced.
Come here and enjoy paying for things you did not order.
For 14.95 you too can enjoy things that will make you hate your life.
Come here and enjoy the worst food you've ever had.
Worst service I've experienced after 11:00. The kitchen closes at 11:30 and the servers have bad attitudes near closing. It's really not worth coming to after a show.
$5 cosmos :-)
My gosh they have terrible service here. Takes firever to get the attention of the servers and expect to wait at least 20 mins for food to be served after ordering.
There is a great comedy show here every Tuesday night at 9:30 for free!!! Plus $3 beers and $5 Long Islands!!!! Great comedians for free in NEW YORK!!! INSANE!!! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHAA!!!! ..... come.
Food was not good. Service wasn't either.
Sit in bar by window for some great people watching.
Horrible!! The food was cold and the place was so stuffy. Don't open the bottle of perrier on the table unless you wanna be charged $10 :-(
Finally, a place where I can order a burger cooked medium rare.
Terrible service. Walked out.
Charley O's serves great food! I like the quality, espically when I went there in December 2010. Very warm in the high 20s, i guess.
been here at 3 different times, each time the service has gotten worse, i will absolutely never step foot in this establishment again!!
This place sucks.. Shitty food, weak drinks, and pricey... Keep moving.
Be careful of their billboard announced "specials". A lot of bait and switch tactics going on here.
Reserve a table to Papadam through www.BluePlateSpecial.com and you can save up to 30% on your entire bill, for FREE
Lunch buffet is a great option, plenty of food!
Awesome daily lunch buffet.  10 bucks.
Excellent ethiopian coffee. Best latte ever.
Get the Bocado Avocado salad and the bresaola pizza yumm.
What an amazing looking breakfast! Starting off the day right:)
Get a table by the window and try Portabella Benedict. Cappuccino is good too.
Eggs benedict & Bacon pizza. Get it.
Intelligentsia coffee served up here!
Nutella and banana crepe!!!
Brunh menu starts at 10, same menu but increased price
Coffee and sweets <3
Huge portions and a free coffee or OJ or mimosa ... For $11!! Plus, service was excellent and space is bright and sunny. A welcome addition to the UES.
Come here for brunch, they have Intelligentsia coffee! Order the Belgian waffles with a side plate of bacon. Delish!
Perfect place for quick after drink or eats, lots of window seating, and great food!
So-so food and service for brunch
Very disorganized wait staff.  Food takes forever to be ready.
can't wait to have a latte..
Chocolate cheesecake is amazing! Great for dinner or after dinner coffee and dessert.
intelligentsia coffee!
Great coffee and delicious treats!
Pork juicy buns!
Now serving Christmas morning breakfast - Pannettone French Toast, banana sauce, whipped cream. Mulled apple cider, ice cream sandwiches and homemade soda
Amazing sweet shoppe seasonal treats- now serving salted caramel chocolates, apple cider, spiced pumpkin muffinettes, cranberry oat cookies, mango balls and gummi candies
Love their pasta with checken breast! Mmm
a bowl of soup is basically beef pilaf w stock.
Don't eat here.
great food here..one of my favorite places in nyc
Bukharian Uzbek/Russian/Jewish cuisine
Try an order of the Manty.
The meatballs with white beans was surprisingly light. Very nice open faced sandwich.
Try the penne alla biete! The sweetness of the beets is tempered by the garlic, so the dish is very savory
Zucchini Purée tastes creamy but has no cream. The potatoes give it a creamy texture. Perfect for a cold day!
Zucchini Purée tastes creamy but has no cream. The potatoes give it a creamy texture. Perfect for a cold day!
Food was decent. Had the canneloni and the portobello mushroom panini. Service wad non-existent and food took 40 minutes to arrive. Our neighbors didn't get any cutlery or napkins. Weird. I'd avoid.
The food was bland and overpriced. WARNING: they illegally changed the tip amount on our bill.
The food here is good but the prices are a bit high.
sit at the bar when paul is bartending
Enjoy the Lobster Roll :(
super nice owner...super delish mushroom app!
I am the mayor of this Be-ach!
Great brunch right in the neighborhood. Best eggs Benedict!!
Porterhouse steak for 2 for 50 bucks on Tuesday
Hate this place.  Service was terrible.  Waitress was rude.  Food was bland.
Be at The Beach for the subway blasts and they'll serve you a free 'Beach Blast' shot.
Too many senior citizens. If you see my sunglasses there pick them up.
Unbelievable! Friday night, every bottle of wine is half price. Best deal on the upper east side.
Come for brunch http://eat.ly/mameres
Have Chris as your waiter - he's excelleny
Definately try the Lobster Bisque!
What can I say? One of the best coffee places in the area. If its your first time latte is a must. They bake all of the pastries in house. The best ones are spinach croissant and cardamom bun. Enjoy:)
Cinnamon buns are great
Maybe Swedes have a different definition of cappuccino, because the barista was rude when I asked why mine had no foam. Yuck,
They now have almond milk for your drinking pleasures
Best Latte West of 5th Avenue!
Muffins here are chock full of fruit. More like cobbler—delicious.
Pretty small -- only about a dozen seats at four tops. Nice place to meet, a friend, but don't expect to get any business done. No WiFi and outlet doesn't work.
One of the best coffees and cookies in the neighborhood.
Best little pettite croissants! Try plain or chocolate! Best coffee in town
Great coffee, truffles & the best muffins, though a bit  overpriced, Slow service, understaffed in the AM & don't expect a "thank you" for your patience or patronage.
Great place, good coffee
The hazelnut truffles are incredible
great place for a swede to get a Swedish fix with the chocolate balls and the cinnamon buns. just like home :)
Chocolate balls :-)  espresso :-)  for the win
Chocolates.
Best espresso in NYC by far :)
Amazing cappuccinos
Easily the best coffee in midtown.  The Swedish know their espresso
If you are speaking to the Swedish owners and refer to this place as "Fitta,"  they will get offended. Actually, don't do it.
Swedish meatball platter... Very satisfying!! Coffee isn't great, stick w the espresso!!
Pear muffins are delicious!
un altro ottimo caffè espresso a midtown, come piace a noi!
Friendliest barista's I've ever encountered. I travel from Grand Central area to get Fika coffee and chocolates - and that 20 minutes each way!
Best tomato soup I've ever had! And get the shrimp salad sandwich and chocolate balls!!!
Best coffee in the city!
Try the Indian Chai with soya milk - sounds iffy, tastes delicious!
The best cappucinos! And you can't go wrong with any of the chocolates either...
try the hazelnut gianduja pralines! yummy!
have a cappucino and a hazelnut gianduja praline. Yummy!
go here for breakfast or lunch
Alway a good time! Love this place! Great bartenders and awesome music!
A great place to get drinks, and herpes.
Fun bar on a Wednesday. They have beer pong and great service.
Reasonable prices, witty Irish quotes on walls and great music. My fave in the area.
Everyone at this bar is ugly.
Great food
Awesome bartenders!  Especially Bernard!  Great nachos as well!!
Ask to see CK & THE PENTHOUSE BOYS down stairs on sat nights. Nebo will update you.
Pretty sure the hells kitchen ice cream will be my new favorite cocktail!
Get the blackened chkn sandwich n fries..damn good!
big spacious bar, but tourist overkill.. typical of the location.
Good bar to dance at
See. "It Is Done" Monday and Tuesday nights!
Great Time!
Jager Bombs! lol
What is this bar?  Thought it was your average Irish pub but certainly is not - basement is the where the action is at, lots of very dressed up folks getting down on the dance floor...karaoke too.
Bring cupcakes... I'm just saying..
The Crass Monkey sketch comedy show is the last Tuesday of every month in the downstairs lounge. Really funny stuff.
$3.50 Maudite bottles? Yes, please, YES!
Happy Social Media Day!!!
Social Media...Come out and meet new people
Check in here on June 30, 2010, declared "Social Media Day"
Hey ladies, feeling brave? Dance on the bar and earn yourself a free shot! :)
Drinks anyone!?
This place plays great music on Fridays. I have so far heard Jimmy Eat World, Modest Mouse, Coldplay, Kings of Leon, Paramore and Smashing Pumpkins. Haven't played song yet I haven't liked.
After leaving Ireland this pub made me feel like I was back in Galway ... in the 80's thanks in part to the music!
Lots of Irish tourists even bartenders here be nice and they will be in return!! Get on their bad side n they will find an excuse for a brawl! lol get the mean fiddler shot!! Dj m dancing on a mon?yes
The chicken satay is over rated. Too much butter in the sauce. Not a traditional peanut dressing as one would expect. The Beijing chicken is amazing.
EXCELLENT Chinese food.
Green prawns fave!
Chicken satay is amazing!!! Also try the duck salad and the sea bass as an entree!
Everything was amazing! But the sweet and sour chicken was thee best I've had by far. The midnight mojito was also the bomb!! Definitely a place to go
Chicken Saute here is phenomenal. Melts right in your mouth
Like mr chow but better.  less snooty. More menu choices and reasonable prices. Plus they don't force u to order shit and let u see an actual menu.
Order the crispy duck! The best duck you will ever have. I fly 2500 miles just to have it here!
Chicken Satay, peking duck, bejing chicken
Chicken Satay is off the charts good
Among many household favorites (Chicken Satay, Jade Dumplings and Crispy Chicken) the Beijing Chicken is one of the most succulent dishes offered at Philippe.
Rick Ross beating some Peking Duck. Like a boss!
$6 sodas! Overpriced
Tutto ottimo e veloce
Try the Chicken satay - The sauce is amazing. If every #chinese restaurant served this #chicken #appetizer I would weigh 300lbs (via @Foodspotting)
Good food & great atmosphere
Order the Chicken satay!
im a fashionista so anytime im in the city im always on the upper east side...after shopping at bloomingdales i enjoy a quiet lunch....lunch speacial $20 three courses
Chicken satay, crab legs, and the fried rice are my favorites
CHICKEN SATAY!!!!
Their Chicken Satay is a MUST!!!
The Crispy Seaweed appetizer is literally addicting, more addicting than your favorite guilty pleasure potato chip…
The best chicken satay I have ever had. Seriously.
Chicken Satay causes an orgasm in your mouth.
Peking Duck and Gambei!
Ask for the main dining room (never go upstairs!)Get a lychee martini at the bar then go at least for the Peking Duck Spring Rolls and the Dumplings!
Zagat's best chinese restaurant in NYC 2010! Absolutely deserved - delicious spring roles and the fried noodles are simply amazing. Young and trendy atmosphere + great service and stylish ambiance.
Chicken satay is a MUST have!
Awesome restaurant. Ask for the course and enjoy from the appetizer to the dessert
The food/service were amazing. Impossible to leave hungry. Celeb spotting-bonus.
Tandoor Chicken over Rice express lunch special... but it comes with no roti
They have a combo special here: 1 meat, 1 veg, rice and naan for about $9. More food than I can finish for lunch, and delecious!
Chicken tikka masala...yummm
The lamb over rice lunch special is fantastic!
On the outdoor scrolling LED sign the word restaurant is spelled "restarant". I informed the staff and was thanked with indifference.
lunch portions are huge. get the #2 and split with a friend!
Good "joint" style food, perfect for lunch
Jocelyn is the best when it comes to service and when she makes your drinks...yummy
The lovely Stephanie is my favorite barista. Be nice to her!
Stephanie is the best barista and she upholds the Starbux mottos :) talk to her if you get the chance!
I love the short girl in the mornings, she's mostly there everyday... She expedites everything...
no bathroom!!!!!!!!
Makiato Karamel
They have no bathroom so try kinkos
Fast and friendly!  If you're a regular, they'll have your coffee ready before you order it.
A scene from the movie The Bourne Ultimatum was filmed here, watch it now!
Staff is fairly nice except for barista girl who always have an angry face. The tribute blend is really good.
Staff is fairly nice except for barista girl who always have an angry face. The tribute blend is really good.
Staff is fairly nice except for barista girl who always have an angry face. The tribute blend is really good.
Tight spot to sit with the laptop (seriously! the place has only stools and a couple of tables) but the table way in the back has an outlet to chill for double Venti sessions.
I love any if the udon soups! It can last me for 3 days.
really good grilled veggies on the buffet. zucchini, red & yellow bell peppers, eggplant, shiitake.
This place is the worst! I have yet to have a pleasant experience here. Toaster is always broken, breakfast sandwich line is long and they run out of ingredients all the time. And no one cares.
Большой выбор блюд различной кухни! А самое главное очень очень вкусно!!!
Watch them make your breakfast sandwich. Sometimes they get lazy &  "forget" to melt the cheese.
One of the most complete Delis I've seen in NYC... Has pretty much everything: salads, Chinese, Japanese, sweets, sandwiches and many many more..
The hot and cold buffet is a little pricey but well worth it!
They changed the pricing for pasta. It used to be a fixed price and now it's by weight (even though you don't serve yourself). So essentially you can now pay $4 more for something than you used to.
Great salad bar and fresh ramen!
This place has the best Ramen in NYC.
Good spot for breakfast.
Ohhhhh Veggie Ramen. You're the best.
Definitely recommend the bacon cheeseburger!!
If you want a bagel in the morning, be prepared to wait.  There are 5 or 6 guys behind the counter but only one is on bagels.  The others are making prepared sandwiches for the lunch rush.
For breakfast: Head over to the grill and order up a Bacon, Egg, and Cheese on a Roll! Watch as the attendant wraps and packs. He is fast and efficient!
Get the Udon: most people are in line for soups or salads, so don't be fooled. There's almost never a long wait for Udon!
be patient...
Salad bar is always fresh, diverse and well priced. Seating area in back.
Mac n Cheese is bangin.
Get the pepper jack turkey sandwich! It's out of this world.
Soft tofu soup, medium spice - amazing. I actually make a special trip into midtown for this!
If you like udon. Theirs is the best and for $1 extra you get two tasty shrimp dumplings
The Duke melts are pretty sweet and those guys crank thru orders quick
Eat here only if you want to get food poisoning. I guess they don't call it Cafe Puke for nothing.
Hit the salad bar.  For 8 bucks small salad with 6 things in it is filling and priced well
the spicy tofu soup is delicious
Get the spicy chicken ramen.  Yum!
In the AM, they have fresh cut fruit that, in season, is delicious. Find the smaller containers (there are always extras by the short order counter), fill it w/ fruit and top w/ cottage cheese.
Get veggie udon!
Try the shrimp tempura soba, great value for $9 and great option on winter day.
Sit at the bar, great service. Huevos rancheros and the turkey sausage are amazing!!
Friendly staff, classic diner food. Great if you need to kill time while touristing around the city. Hang out here with a book, & try the onion rings.
good coffee....
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us! On the menu: Corned Beef & cabbage, Hot Corned Beef Sandwich, Corned Beef Reuben, Irish Lamb Stew.
I enjoyed the chicken marsala. Pretty good.
Only a few days left to check in for lunch or dinner with a friend and get a free order of French Fries or Onion Rings.
Two new soups added to the daily selection: Butternut Squash and Cream of Asparagus. Seasonal goodness - #YUM!
Choc chip pancakes and scrambled eggs were top notch. Coffee good, too.
Back to New York.
Very friendly staff, pretty damn good food.
Celebrate National French Fries Day (July 13) at Morning Star. Choose from Plain, Plain with Melted Cheese, Chili Fries, or Disco Fries.
Start the weekend right with brunch. Fresh fruit & juices, mimosas, blueberry pancakes, and great omelets all day long.
Late night munchies? No problem! We're now open 24 hours every day except Sunday (until 10pm).
Open 24 hours except until 10pm on Sundays. This place is stuck in time but still serves basic eats for a decent price.
The coleslaw has a good kick. Yummy!
Yeah, the crazy chick with the bad bob and eyeglasses who pretends to run the place? Pretty sure she takes a crazy pill each morning. So rude to associates.
Chefs seems to consistently smack the hamburger patty on the grill , no matter even if you order it medium the burger is juiceless and dry but it's charred , Mash potato is the best around .
Bbq'd Chicken Fillet sandwich , salad and fries w/ cheese ! smh
Skip the Mac & cheese , rice. Bland ....
Lunch&Dinner for.. $7.00 dinner sandwichComboplatters you have to trust steakhouse
Get the BBQ spare ribs and ask for extra extra sauce. Deliciousness.
BbQ chicken breast sandwiches oh so yummy gotta try it.
Wasn't too impressed with their lunch special. The price was right, but the steak and potato were overcooked and bland.
Giant Pee Dee Burger - One of the best burgers in East Harlem... If not THE BEST...
The Special Sirloin Steak 8oz $7.99 + Tax.
I love the Kind T-Bone 16oz.
Great BBQ chicken sandwich!
Try the Tamarind Duck. It's just delightful...
A great find. Try the Pineapple Fried Rice and Ginger & Lemongrass Chicken. YUMMY
Slooooooooow service. It should not take 30 mins for soup & salad
Get the spring rolls and the duck kro krow.
Ask for the secret menu
Such nice service. I ordered for takeout: done in less than five minutes, and they encouraged me to have a seat and enjoy the water they brought me while I was waiting!
Nice food, good for Thai people
The masamun curry is amazingly creamy and velvety. I'll only come here for it, theirs blows away any other I've tried! (However, avoid the avocado curries.)
Lemongrass chicken is simply delicious!
Pineapple fried rice yumm
Don't get the Steak of Siam. Lackluster.
Thai basil chicken was tasty.
Great food but always loud
The Tamarind Duck is always fabulous... Try the Honey Banana dessert, too!
Try soft shell crab w/ Mongo!
The Wondee Rice is a must !!
Beware of chili powder! But still so good!
one of the best Pad Thai in town
The mango & sticky rice dessert is pretty authentic
Food was really tasty -- make sure to use the dipping sauces.  FYI, the Wondee Special Fried Rice is separate portions of rice, vegetables and meat.  (I assumed it would be all fried together.)
Get the Duck Panang. Really good.
Delicious burgers and buffalo tater tots!  Burgers are huge (share with a friend).
The burgers here are the best in the neighborhood. Try adding portobello or Carmelites onions as topping.
This vegan loves this new UES gem! Thanks guys!
Burger was overcooked and inedible. Left and went to Shake Shack.
Fried artichoke hearts are amazing! Half price wine on Wednesday's!
Chocolate Lava crunch cakes are YUMMY!!!!!! Try them
Been coming here since I was in 2nd grade. Staff is so friendly and always remembers my order! Everything tastes amazing and home-cooked.
Best Iced Coffee around!
The turkey and Brie sandwich is delicious, especially on their French baguette
Great little store service delicious salads and sandwiches with a homemade touch!  Try the Swedish Meatballs!
Everything is wonderful here from the coffee to the bagels to the turkey meatloaf!  The staff is also always sincere and friendly.
Try the turkey and brie sandwich, or the meatball!
Great sandwich joint
Great food Great price. Rice and Beans as aside seem like made by mommy. Good drinks and latino decoration.
Worst chicken tacos I've ever had! There was so much fat on the chicken you couldn't even eat them. This place isn't worth your time.
Get the guacamole!
The chicken quesadillas are amazing!
Mixed drinks are all sorts of wrong. Tequila in everything. Too much of it, too. Salty cough syrup.
The margaritas and the guacamole are awesome
Even if it looks empty enough, avoid for lunch if you're in a rush
The tacos are blander than bland!  No ground beef, no hard shells.  The rice and beans were amazing, guacamole was good, service was ok.  Has a great outdoor seating area.
great drinks   love their foods a great place to eat then walk to the park on a sunny day
Be careful, the guacamole is literally only one avocado. The portion is small enough for one person and costs 10.95!!! Insane!!
Gabriela's skirt steak!!! :Blurp: 
Beat tequila bar in NYC. Ask Roberto for a añejo tequila flight as dessert! Make sure it includes casa noble.
Try the Riazul Tequila. Amazing!!!!
'love the frosty mugs!
Service is extremely slow!
Great service good food and great for babies. Very baby friendly
Love love love the quesadillas as an app for a table or dinner for one. Make sure you get the chipotle sauce for sure- it's awesome. Also kid & stroller friendly which is a plus for parents.
The Salmon with Mango Sauce is super-tasty here.
Happy hour 3-6 M-Th, margarita is a must!
Rainbow frozen margaritas are great!
Winter outdoor dining with the heat lamps on.   Dogs can sit outside too
The frozen margaritas are the best, plus their enchiladas suizas and chips and salsa. Yum!
The tequila selection here is ridiculous....not a big drinker but their margaritas are INSANE!!!!  You should def try one.
Service STINKS here. Rude rude rude. Won't be returning.
Gabriela's salad is amazing! Get the small size if is just for one person. It's big enough. No meat cant be added though on the small size. Don't need it. It's get on it's own!!
My first Mexican brunch ... Was very good and had perfect service.
stop whining. drink up.
Also: http://myupperwest.com/upper-west-side/upper-west-side-mexican-restaurant-faces-sexual-harassment-lawsuit/?utm_campaign=everyblock&utm_medium=everyblock&utm_source=everyblock
Also: http://myupperwest.com/upper-west-side/upper-west-side-mexican-restaurant-faces-sexual-harassment-lawsuit/?utm_campaign=everyblock&utm_medium=everyblock&utm_source=everyblock
Food awful, service horrendous (& on a weekday midday! Not a full house at all).  Only thing going for them is the gorgeous patio.
Awesome mediterranean food!!
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Get the caprihina.
Four square special gets ur a reg cup for $1.99 - must do! Just check in and show the person at the register
tasti rocks!
This a non kid friendly ice cream go figure.  Forget this place
New Year's Eve Cruise at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Pirates on Paddle Wheel Queen Halloween 2012 Party at Saturday, Oct 27, 2012. Buy Tix at http://www.kicktickets.com/new-york/390/2012/10/27/pirates-on-paddle-wheel-queen-halloween-paddle-wheel-queen
$5 hearty plate of great spanish food!
Good luck finding a seat or an open outlet
If you order an Americano, make sure the barista doesn't leave room for cream and sugar. #noob barista
No bathroom... :(
The best Starbucks I've ever been to! I ordered an, i've venti caramel macchiato and I was out the door under a minute!
Skinny Caramel macchiato is great. :)
Say hi to Karl- he is the best!
Service here is not that great. Orders take forever and usually they forget orders.
Dont meet your next bf or gf here lol...you'll regret it later
Beware! No power outlets for customers. Lots of seating but kind of dingy.
Even when lines are long they speed you through.  Great staff.
Isnt this 34th street??
Always a wait around lunchtime- try the sbux next to duane reade on 7th and 37th if this one's too busy.
Send that the only plugs are on the right inside after the entrance #unfriendly to customers
Tell @starbucks to reinstall electrical outlets in this store so customers like us can recharge our phones laptops while we purchase #coffee
Loving blueberry muffin! Could you heat it, please?
You gotta gotta try the Caramel Brulée Latte
Dumbasses work here.
Never come here if you are in NY. Bad service, very small and dirty. At 50mt there is another in 7th av
No bathroom for you!
When there's a long line they have someone at the end delivering orders via walkie-talkies. Pretty efficient!
During the Fall and Winter months you can't go wrong with a Pumkin Spice Latté.
Come here the Starbucks at 35th and 8th is busy. Great baristas!
During normal lunch hours (12pm-2pm) it's the best time to go in there. Almost no line. Little wait time.
No bathroom. Fail
No bathroom. Fail
Moca coconut frappucino! My favorite:) but but java chip wasn't so tasty I expected... And stuff is really nice and patience.
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
Sweet tazo passion lemonade made to perfection.
I was the first person to order a Trenta sized beverage!
There is no coffee!!!!!!
Great selection, well priced and super knowledgable
We're opening a btl of Frederic Mugnier's 07 Nuits St. Georges, Marechale at 6 pm tonight. (3/31) Stop in for a taste.
Ask Shoshana to help you blow a month's rent and make sure and check out all of the last bottle bins near the entrance. Serious gems in there...
Eatery with big plans inks second lease on Madison. Café Today aims to have two outposts open in Manhattan in six months and ten in two years.
Service really sucks, too slow to be a good restaurant
Best greek food at nyc plus complementary dessert wine!
Tasty.  Filling.  Surprising.  Amazing Greek food and fun atmosphere with balcony seating. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Good pre show spot b4 going to Magnet Theater, watch out for the scorching hot water when using the bathroom sink
The pastitsio is fantastic. :-)
It's not on the menu but request a small greek salad with lamb meet on top.  You can't go wrong
Spanakopita. *swoon*
great lunch deals but expect  long wait for your food to arrive.
Santorini white wine (by the glass) recommended; reasonable. Like a French Chard, but with Greek twist on varietal, just as sophisticated but less well-known. Smooth finish. Yassou!
Adventurous for new cuisine while you're visiting NYC? Hop-off at this Greek Restaurant and try Uncle Nick's Grilled Octopus. We dare you.
Winner of Best Seafood in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue!  Reasonably prices, super fresh - we recommend anything octopus.
Soup worth it as an appetizer
If you like calamari go for the grilled one... ;)
Get the rice pudding!
You have to try the Melitzana Skordalia, but not if your on a date (eggplant with a garlic paste)
Definitely order the grilled octopus. Its excellent.
Saganaki cheese is a must.
Get the saganaki tiki. They torch the cheese right in front of you.
Don't try to order a gyro sandwich during dinner. They won't make it.
You can get slices of pizza before 5:00p during the week, and two slices($5) are about the same amount of food as a personal pie($7), but it's $2 cheaper!
Two plain slices and a drink for $5, pretty good for lunch
Bit of a lunch rush, but extremely fresh and delicious. As a note, though: Prices on web menu are out-of-date, but not a huge disparity. Recommended for WeWok folks!
Amazing pizza! You can't go wrong with this one.
Great outside seating for people watching. Cheap delicious food. Get the bruschetta, pizza and spinach salad.
Servors will forget about you! Horrible service BUT food is good.
Shroomtown is great.  One bathroom.  I <3 Grupo
OMFGs the pizza is AMAZING!
Salads are great here if you want a healthier option!
Yum yum ... Get the 9 grain crust
Hostile server lady but good pizza. Customer is NOT always right at Spunto.
Great pizza. WORST SERVICE in NYC. I have never been treated so poorly by a server. Take out-yes. Will never eat inside this place again.
Great date spot.  Any pizza with basil rocks
Shroomtown is amazing! Best thin crust pizza around
Two words: truffle oil.
Split an apple & cheddar salad and large pizza with someone. The bottle of house red only costs $20!
Excellent thin crust pizza. Highly recommend the meat lover's pie.
My favorite pizzas are the Classica and the Meatball Classic. Amazing crust!
Their thin crust pizza is the best.
New beers on the menu. This is big news.
Not crazy about thin pizza but this pizza was pretty good
the bestest and the nicest. also, if you're associated with the GVLL, you're awesome.
Best pizza delivery in the W Village.
Slooowwww service
delish would-be last meal wish dish: Meatball basil pizza washed down with Blue Moon. oh and I've seen others order a pizza pile high with arugula  :o)
This is the best pizza in New York. Get the El Greco with halapenjos. They have a sister restaurant called Gruppo on avenue B in the East Village.
Marinated pork. You're welcome
Happy hour until 6:30pm = 1 large pizza and a bottle of wine for $22! Best pizza ever!
Gravity-defying thin crust pizza.
Delicious thin crust veggie pizza: arugula, spinach, asparagus, artichoke hearts, broccoli, and basil
Gr8 food Amazing service but NEED MUSIC - listening to the employee shit gets kinda nasty!!! Gr8 burgers!!! NEED MUSIC!!
Happy smiley staff and great burgers. The Steakhouse Burger (no bacon) is awesome.
Come after 1:30pm to beat the main  lunch time crowd
Chocolate Soda, enough said.
This place is a creeper. Try the grilled chicken western sandwich w cheddar and bacon. Wow!
The Black Shack burger is probably the best burger I've ever had. So good.
2 cheese burgers and Cajun fries... fuck yea
The shakes are the boooomb!! Specially a really cold one in summer time is like deesert after ur burger creation!
Chocolate soda woohoo!!!
Chicken Ceasar Sandwhich w/ bacon & avocado. Do it.
"With a simple menu on an old-school board, this inexpensive hole in the wall is perfect for a delicious, inexpensive, greasy meal. Get a milkshake on your way out." - Alex, Communications Manager
The "Black Shack burger" offers a hand made rendition of the BK Whopper
A solidly built tasty burger and a cool place to chill
Those skinny Pat La Frieda patties and the secret "Shack Sauce" prove that with quality ingredients fast food doesn't have to be a $10 bag of greasy sawdust.. Every New Yorker knows. Try the burgers!
The double burger is insane. The IPA's are pretty legit also.
Pretty good burger made to order! Sweet potato fries decent! RC cola fountain sodas are nice! Radio head album playing v nice!
Burgers are great. The kitchen must be overwhelmed, we waited 30 minutes for fries and never received them.
The burgers are great! Event food for vegetarians.  Try the tofu sandwich.
Not so good
Best burger and shake ever.
meh, far better burgers most everywhere else.
Anything Western.
Good burgers!
ERIN get a shake and fries too. For old times sake!
Jonesing for milkshake and Cajun fries. BOOM.
fries are reeeeeaaallllly salty--but still good. Black Shack Burger perfect as is.
Never cared for Caesar Salad until I tried theirs. Fresh, delicious, and the dressing is awesome.  Top with chicken and love it even more!
Western Burger is awesome
Get the Western Burger with pickles, fried onions & BBQ sauce. Yummy!
BlackShack Burger with cheese, Cajun fries, and a Chocolate soda... Perfect.
Undoubtedly one of the best coffee spots in NYC. And to be honest one of the best coffees I've ever had.
Cappuccino & blueberry muffin <3 chocolates are really good too!
I love this place. Great espresso.
Determined to befriend the unfriendly barista. IT WILL HAPPEN.
Good stuf here.. the financial district location on Pearl Street is also  VERY good
The setting is pleasant, service hip, very good and friendly. Their sandwiches and platters are a nice lunchtime change.
better go to starbucks. solid mediocre espresso
Puts Starbucks to shame!
Good cappuccino.
Great coffee meeting spot but be prepared to pay a pretty penny. $4 cappuccinos!
Crave the bonkaka cookies every day!
The Farmer's cookie is amazzzzing!!!!
Hot chocolate is made with real chocolate chips, delicious! Chocolate ball with oats and coconut is a great compliment.
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Obviously you need to have the very Swedish chocolate balls. (the big ones with coconut on top)
This small espresso bar is Swedish. Ever have Swedish espresso? It's less aromatic, and much more subtle. Always add an extra shot into any espresso drink. Skip the drip coffee. Chocolat!
Try the dark choc, goat cheese, sea salt chocolate ball!!
The former Belmore Cafeteria, the place where Bickle (Robert De Niro) meets with Wizard (Peter Boyle) and other drivers in Martin Scorsese's film "Taxi Driver".
Drastic price hike. Skip it.
Amazing cappuccinos and tasty Swedish snacks.
Fantastic cappuccino
Definitely try their choco ball and cappuccino with an extra shot. With any espresso drink, add that extra shot for $1, it makes it much more intense and complex in flavor.
The nicest place around. Delicious too. Skip sbux (and it's line) and come here!
There are very few cafés in the Financial District worth boasting about - FIKA is one of them. Our tip: Skip the sugar. Their espresso is pleasantly smooth and sweet.
FIKA Espresso Bar407 Park Ave S (E 28th St), New York, NY 10016(646) 249-9676
Great changing menu of muffins- love the raspberry chocolate chip and the peach muffin
Try the cordattos!
The cardoman roll is great!
Double Macchiato is excellent!
Great coffee and a peach & raspberry muffin that will bring you to your knees.
Probably the best and quickest lunch if you work at CUMC
Pricey is right....
Their blueberry scones have powered me through my work mornings for years now!
Good, but pricey, selection of breakfast and snack foods. Try their oatmeal or almond croissant!
Could the service get any worse in this place!?!
The new homestyle apple pie is a must!
Staff here couldn't work slower if they tried. You miss your train / bus if you don't allow yourself a half hour
While you enjoy your fresh coffee, check out the great apartments in the area. They are the best value in the city!
The entire staff is incompetent. Expect to repeat your order three times before someone considers listening to it.
Avoid it at all costs around 3pm during a weekday.. PACKED with kids getting off school.
Yummy coolattas. This place is always packed!
Great, clean spot to eat. courteous and friendly staff. They deliver and there is definitely NO PORK ON MY FORK
Lemon chicken is amazing! Plus, your able to choose from different lunch specials that are available to you all day with a free drink along with the meal
$7.00 lunch special available all day everyday!!!
ate here due to no other option
The decor here is in serious need of an upgrade.
Two words: take out.
taco bell was the only survivor of the franchise wars
Great food especially the bolon mixto! :) yummy
They get their shipment of empanadas de platano on monday...by wed/thurs they're out
Good pizzas/pastas
Lamb chops were good.ordered Tagliatelle Prociutto E Funghi.was alright expect for an extra Pinch of salt. The TIRAMISU!One of the finest I have had.Its something that you should NOT MISS over here!!
The best Tiramisu in town!  Absolutely to die for!
Panna cotta is to die for. :)
every tip here about the tiramisu is worth a heart.its amazing!order it EVERY time.
It's been said before plenty, but I'll say it again - the tiramisu is great, the biscotti cookie is even better. The special was chicken picatta, but it just an egg-coated chicken breast. Not nice.
Crema di Funghi is a good way to start. Cannelloni (Beef Ragu version) and Tagliatelle Prosciutto e Funghi for the main course. Good red wine Sangria. Leave space for dessert :( MFT Rs.1500
Tiramisu is great, but the biscotti served with it takes you to beautiful places...
Pork chops are excellent! Service is great! Chianti is here to stay!
Wine menu clipped in paper isnt reflecting nice
Tiramisu...must try! Wine menu could be better than just a leaf pinned to the main menu!
Start with tiramisu if yu can't end with it.. But don't leave without trying it out!
The Bloody Mary's are delicious!
Don't order a shot. Our $8 "lemon drop" was actually vodka and salt. Disgusting.
Hmmm....just okay. BLT was very dry and there salads could use more dressing. Good place for beer, but food is mediocre.
Great place to catch the game, screens every where can't miss the action
Awesome daily specials & great for football! 2 for 1 Brooklyn Lagers on Sundays!
Cool new bar right outside of Times Square with the beer stock market theme! Great place to visit with a group of friend's on the weekend.
Great spot in Midtown, awesome beer list. Try the Maxed Out Burger if you're feeling adventurous!
We walked out after sitting at our table for over 10 minutes with multiple employees walking past, staring at us, but no one stopping to even say they'd be with us shortly. Bad service, even for NYC.
Service sucks here.. Waited 10 minutes for someone and then gave up and left.
glasses are FILTHY ASS DIRTY and I specifically asked for Jameson Black barrel and got regular...in my FILTHY glass. ONLY come here if with a big group and sit at the self serve tap table. BEER ONLY!
Stock market crashes a few times a night so hold out if you can!
Awesome bar! Great music & happy hour!
Try Riazul Tequila!  It's amazing and goes very well with the large selection of craft beers.
House ale is $5/pitcher during happy hour and they have the BEST onion rings.
The females that work here are as top shelf as the liquor!
An easy, effortless drink. Ask the bartender for a BULLDOG and tonic, plus a dash of lime.
There is a tap at the table. Wtf! AWESOME
Beer stock exchange is the dumbest thing ever.
Awesome new happy hour specials & the new empanadas are delish!
Order beer flights...totally worth it n u get a lil different taste here n there
Awesome DJ great atmosphere
A beer-focused respite a block from Times Sq., this spot offers craft pints starting at $6.50 - and sometimes lower, as their "beer exchange" adjusts prices of select beers based on supply and demand.
Really awesome selection of beer if you're a beer lover <3 not to mention, the best citrus glazed wings, EVER.
Keep your eye on the beer market or just go for a growler to mind your tab the best!
Try the Bronx Pale Ale - fantastic local craft brew, and 6.3% alcohol.  Tastes like New York - in a good way :-)
Midtown West now has this 5,000-square-foot beer tavern. There's pub grub on the menu, taps on the communal tables and 40 draft lines dispensing mostly local brews.
Don't get the calamari .  Too chewy. Too salty.
Growlers aren't to-go yet.  just opened-growing pains.  Quiet at 5pm on a monday
New York Beer Company is selling the 40 different beers it has on tap on a fluctuating stock market; complete with a scrolling stock ticker and a backdrop reminiscent of the New York Stock Exchange
Waheed is an awesome guy
Best Carciofi Alla Giudea!
Good crowd despite what Anand says ...
Trophie, is absolutely fantastic.  Calamari was great also.  Sat at bar, great staff, friendly patrons
Friendly staff & great food!
Try the Trofie. Really unique and delicious.
Extremely old crowd
Trofie al pesto!!!!!!
Linguini with clams is dynamite!
Pasta Amatriciana is fabulous!
Much better than the guy on 1st
1 dollar for a head of lettuce. Yes please!
durka durka.
They have great service and an incredible selection of sweets!
Watch them make your coffee or your latte could come with just cold milk instead of hot frothed milk.
The coffee is decent
Try the Triple Chocolate Cookie. Amazing!
Are they better than Starbucks?
in the Paramount Hotel. check out the philippe starck designed lobby & mirrored men's room
Good food bar selection.  Coffee's a little weak though .   But overall a good deal for the money hete.
Salad bar is always good, although can end up expensive if you like to pack it full. Tuna melt is delicious, filling, and less than $6 and comes with chips-solid deal.
Enjoy the "hair & nail deli salad"
They don't have frozen yogurt! False advertisement!
Bring a friend and split a six-pack in the upstairs "dining area".
The girl at the front counter in the morning is super friendly and always remembers me! I feel guilty when I bring my breakfast from home!
Great place to eat after the gym. Kinda expensive salad bar but a great place to eat outside and hangout for a while
Tasty and HUGE Italian Sub! Cheap salad bar too!
The new cavatappi pasta is great, but be sure to order the "half order" - less than $8 and so big!
This place is slow for a Saturday and its not even crowded. They also brought me the wrong drink and then proceeded to bring me the wrong pizza...an hour later and I'm still waiting to eat!
Get the classic deep dish pizza and don't ever look back, don't ever look back.
Gluten free pizza is awesome! So is fig, goat cheese & broccoli!
The site of my first date with my husband, many years ago...
Make sure they cook it all the way though. Sometimes the dough needs more cook time
Great Gluten Free menu!
Try the Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla - Just Genius. (via @Foodspotting)
Место неплохое, но Foursquare здесь заблокирован.
Definitely try the bread pudding with caramel sauce. It's absolutely orgasmic =)
Poutz, uma das melhores pizzas de NYC!
That's a very nice place. Very good hamburger.
Good food but when it gets crowded the waiters end up getting lost
The artisanal mushroom flatbread pizza is delicious.
Very tasteful BBQ Burger which is pretty cheap compared to the others restaurants in the area.
My expectations were admittedly low. But the food is the cheapest in the neighborhood and surprisingly not untasty. Even better, the young staff is well-intentioned and accommodating. Yay for chains!
Wow, it took 20 mons for a beer. And we are the only ones at the bar!
Very slow for a Saturday night-not busy, just v slow!
There are apples everywhere, but are they free? Who knows.
UNO loves students! Show your ISIC card for 10% off your purchase, excluding alcohol.
Kids' "make your own pizza" is a MUST!
After 10 ask for the snack menu!!
happy hour specials  1/2 price beer. apps from $1.99From 4pm to 7pm Monday to Friday, and all day Sunday
Go for the dinner special. Your stomach may not be happy, but your wallet surely will be.
Food is mediocre at best. Fast food style makes it ideal for a quick bite. The guy at the counter is rude. He gave me one napkin so I ask for an extra. He reacted by shouting "I gave you already!".
Good fast Indian food. Ask for the green sauce as a side
Burritos and fajitas are just delicious. So is the Margarita
The special is not valid for this place! :( Only for the one on 104...
Artichoke appetizer (special) and rib eye were perfection.
A perfect place for a fancy dinner or a romantic date – and it’s Kosher!  Try the Beet Salad, Gnocchi, Rib-eye Fillet and finish with the warm Apple Pie.  Don’t forget the sides!
This is where we broke up :-( Don't worry, we got back together later.
We were amazed by the innovative ways that Mike Gershkovich does Kosher food. braised duck gnocchi, barbecue-glazed steak.  Don’t plan for Saturday Night though, closed due to Sabbath.
Gnocchi is outstanding!! The Black Angus Rib Eye is delicious as well!
Beef cheek ravioli if you are lucky enough to get it
I come here with my Dad fairly often.  Worth every penny!
Short ribs and gnocchi
Do the tasting menu with wine pairings
it sounds crazy, but some of the best Thai in the city can be found right here on the upper east side. kea mao highly recommended.
Try the salmon salad! Great for a sharing app or even a light meal. Delisssh!!
Cute atmosphere and really tasty food!
Pork belly FTW!
Don't get chicken satay, thick marinated cuts but very questionable taste. Ew. Kae Moa -spicy & nice portion. Dumplings r great! Big.  Curry puffs r very unique. Sweet and savory. Deff worth a try
Vegans/vegetarians, get the sauteed ginger platter!
Are you hungry and on a budget?  Then visit this cool looking Thai joint, bring a bottle of your favorite discount wine and dive into a serving of Kea Moa and Chive Pan Cake.
Get the Thai basil mock dock.  It's spicy and delish.
EVERYTHING IS AMAZING!!! Dumplings • Curry Puffs • Spring Rolls • Satay Chicken • Chicken Pad Thai • Shrimp Kea Moa • Shrimp Thai Fried Rice • Jub Chay Soup... Ordered it all. So beyond satisfied!!
Great massaman chicken curry. Sauce is on the thicker side which is great for mixing with the rice. Mmmmmm
Vegetarian mock duck Thai basil is great. As were the dumplings- great sauce.
Get the pad kee mao.  It's cheap, flavorful, and will satisfy your grumbling stomach.  There's a wine store a block away if you'd like to BYOB as well.
They have one of the best pad thai I've ever tasted.
Phad see iew was too soggy. Ordered super spicy and it was super bland! Then again it is UES!
The kee Mao is great, and you can bring your own
Reaalllllly delicious Thai in UES. Drunken noodles are awesome!
Try the chicken pumpkin with peanut sauce!
The waitstaff here is so nice and the lunch special is a great deal at 7 or 8 bucks
Best thai in the UES!!!
The chicken noodles changed my life.
Cool atmosphere, great yellow curry and Thai iced tea. Tom Ka disappointing, though.
BYOB used to be free, now it's $5.  Sadness, but still not too bad of a deal.
ok, so the yumminess they send you for delivery is way different than what you get when you sit down there to eat - is it possible they have a different chef for eat-in & delivery, they MUST!!! YUM!
This is one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever been to (Thailand included). Order the Kee Mao or the Green Curry.
Love this place. Good food!
I dare you to get the beef vindaloo.. Oh so spicy!
So-so.
Best hole-in-the-wall Indian in the neighborhood. It's not, technically, BYOB. But who cares about technicalities?
6 out of 10. Attractive and very comfy, but food is meh. Basket of 7-grain bread was stale. Prefab burger was tasty enough, but fries were cold. Took forever to get fresh ones. Amazing coffee, though.
Go see Andrew at the bar!
Try the Braised Lamb Shank (via @Foodspotting)
Chicken wings are small and crispy.. Just the way I like 'em!
Andrew is the best bartender there! Visit him on thurs, fri, sun or mon.
1 of my fave neighborhood spots! Andrew is the best bartender there. Visit him on thurs, fri, sun or mon!
Reminds me of New Orleans. So much flava! :)
No hesitation granting my substitution request - love that!
From the Remoulade to the Arugala Goat Cheese Salad and the Corn Soup are superb! And dont miss the Mocha Pie, fantastic.
the southern-style fried chicken was surprisingly good. better than rack & soul's, a few blocks away.
Get the "Skinny Geisha" with your meal, you won't regret it. 1.5 oz TY KU Liqueur,0.25 oz Silver Tequila,0.25 oz Agave Nectar,Squeeze of Lemon
Not the best coffee in town...
Great place!! Wonderful staff!
one of the best restaurants on the UWS - always great food, reasonable prices, good service, great jazz every weekend.
Love this place! Great food, comfortable and pleasant ambiance, awesome staff. They even have a late night menu!! :)
A neighborhood institution. Great place to go for comfort food. Nice bar. Often remodeled, for some reason.
Beautiful restaurant, nice staff, huge bar selection (they have absinthe)
Pretty great grilled chicken salad.
Seriously good wings, nice variety of sauces, great comfort-food starters, comfortable and clean interior. Good pick-up service on big game days. Dangerously tempting to eat here often.
Friendly staff and quick service! Try the suicidal sauce, you won't die!
Don't place an order for pick up or delivery on Super Bowl Sunday. AWFUL service.
Sweet & Tangy boneless and regular BBQ wings are my favorite. You can substitute waffle fries for more veggies or an apple which is a nice choice
Awesome food, great hospitality, & clean, cool environment to dine in!
New Management! Nice vibes all new everything inside
Seized! Closed a week ago.
Definitely have had better. Service/delivery slow, wings are decent, but there's always something wrong with my order.
Best wings in Harlem!
Shit service
They've got this 2 for $5 special. Try the turkey club bullet and the chx, bacon ranch sammy. Wasn't bad for $5
Longest wait for food ever.
Two words: Black Angus.
Mesquite chicken..the best!
Order chicken carbonara..yummm
Diet DEW + Toasty Torpedo = good afternoon
Order is usually wrong every time. But the soups are good! Broccoli and cheese specifically.
This place has gone down. Sandwich's not barely toasted and the bathroom is super icky!
California Club with lots of jalapeños and cholula hot sauce is the best!
Hey Mrs. Fields fans! Enter 2 win a $100 gift card from Mrs. Fields! Enter on our FB pg http://on.fb.me/sweeps-spree or by downloading r free iPad app http://bit.ly/catalog-spree
Get there within the last hour before closing time for the specials, these are really some tasty cookies.
buy three cookies at regular price and get one free when you buy with your YP Rewards card!
If you got after 8 they have a special.
Great location, super friendly atmosphere - and last but not least: super tasty!
Best lemonade ever! Cop that!
Good paninis. Nice place.
Drew save me a margarita lol
Chicken breast panini sans the red peppers.
Great place to grab a quick healthy meal on the go.  Try the Cubano or the Turkey Prosciutto Wrap and then enjoy the art in the gallery.
I just discovered this place by accident right across the street from Le Boy, such a cute place, one block from home... My hood is changing, been here 16 years never I thought I see the day &a gym too
Chicken presto wraps are great fruit juices awesomes n music is great while eating
Best wraps, panini, salad bowls and espresso in the area!
Try the T.B.M. Panini next time you're hungry. The side salad is a nice touch that makes it complete.
You have to get the sangria!!! Now!!
Best panini ever.... And the chick @ the counter is hot! ;-)
Everything at la Sala 78 rocks!! Trust me!! 
Cajun Chicken Wrap, Fruit Bowl with dried Cranberries, and a Sangria Lemonade.
Woooo I'm mayor once again. Where is my crown?!
by mayor you mean cheater, then yes.. yes you are the mayor!
Yup, however still the Mayor :)
sekou doesn't even go here!!
The bread here is fantastic!
Sweet bread with butter for breakfast! Mmmmm.
Yum! A real restaurant in the neighborhood! (middle eastern)
Spicy Italian, dudemanbro
Convinced this is the best made Subway sandwich in the city!
Best Thai food around! Pad Khing is incredible.
Amazing lunch specials.  Thai coffee is amazing too... No bad selections on the menu
Best Thai food I've ever had
Great reasonable Thai lunch specials
i bought a salad
Everything is amazing here... Chicken noodle soup is one of my favorites!
Try their fried oreos.... Amazing
Amazing everything with good prices ((:
Ok. Dosa's aren't really meant to be stuffed in takeout boxes. That aside, the masala dosa is really tasty and cheap!
Lunch box spl is good Indian food
Masala dose is good though not spicy by Indian standards.
Good pastelitos
Good pastelitos!
Curry goat. Gravy on the rice. Omg heaven!
Best yard-style jerk in Harlem
Food is very good and cheap.
Favorite cop hang out spot with lots of seating
Everything tastes like it was made from rubber  and a artificial putty
They are not fans of coupons.  It always seems to be a problem.
You must eat all of the meat and drink whiskey.
Try the Pulled Pork Sliders (via @Foodspotting)
Try the house sangria
Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. And a side of salty potatoes.
Tres ninos
The menu pricing encourages you to try their samplers which comprise 3 varieties of meats. I had one with chicken, pork ribs and beef brisket with 2 sides and corncake for $15.95. Value and taste!
Donkey Punch is where's its at!
Absolutely amazing BBQ! Love this place. Always waddling out :-)
Definitely start with the ribs with mac & cheese and salt potatoes on the side. Fried green tomatoes and wings if you want appetizers.
The nuevo sampler plate with BBQ ribs, 1/4 chicken and 2 slices beef brisket, 2 selected sides and cornbread $15.95. Beef was a little chewy but ribs and chook amazing. Best sides squash and corn!
Not the best BBQ in the city; I still prefer Virgil's. But try the salt potatoes and wings.
There's almost always an enormous wait for a table, but you can order quick take-out from the friendly staff in the back and enjoy some amazing Mango Tango wings and ribs back at home.
Be aware of the "up to 2 hour wait" super loud Rock music, and disorganization. The food was underwhelming and didn't taste as good as it looked.  they should organize the seating and wait process.
Western NY represent!!
Best Mac and Cheese in the city!
Order anything on the menu. It's all good.
Best chicken wings in the city.
This place is amazing. Check out the brisket and salt potatoes.
Try the Donkey Punch
Feels like home in Tennessee!  I love this place when I'm homesick.
Barbecue here is absolutely amazing. Pork-sket sandwich is incredible! Good sides here too, especially the Syracuse salt potatoes. If you crave good barbecue, you absolutely have to be here. Worth it!
Try the SWAG SAMPLER PLATE - Wings, fried green tomatoes, shrimp and deviled eggs... Nicely done! (via @Foodspotting)
Mac and cheese is amazing!!!!
Aside from the delish BBQ, you MUST try the fried green tomatoes here—you’ll thank us later.
Get the Texas brisket... Being a Texan I give it a stamp of approval... Might be the best brisket I've ever had... Hands down.
Get the carrot-raisin salad. It looks gross but tastes AMAZING.
Best BBQ in the city. The sides are insane.
It gets packed at dinner time, so the earlier you go the better, but the tables by the bar are all first come first serve.  You must order a plate of fried green tomatoes.
Ribs. Fried green tomatoes. Go.
High tables are for first come first.served.
Burritos or Enchilladas!!! They are perfect!
Enchillada & Corona :)
Who could mess up Mexican food?  El Porton. Not very good at all. The tamale was good but margarita was gross as well. Happy hour is only at bar not 2 feet away at your table
get the beef tongue burrito
beef tongue quesadilla is to die for
Try the "helado frito". It's to die for.
good sangria, Aplusplusplus service, so great
The perfect balance in the triangle of good<--->fast<--->cheap.
Awesome food with great margaritas. Super great suprise!
Can't beat the fantastic brunch. Authentic and fresh
9.95 huge portioned brunch with a free drink and chips and salsa! Huevos con chorizo ftw.
Spicy pork enchiladas are amazing!
This Place Is The Best I Thought Soho But Nahhhh
easily the best chinese food north of central park! amy is great, will remember your order preferences and even bring food to your car if you're parked out front. a lil pricey but always worth it.
Don't forget the home made  pepper sauce in the fridge
Love the stewed chicken!
Love the mix of calaloo and okra
It’s worth the trip to enjoy what might be the best Roti in Manhattan.  The Curried Chicken with Collard Greens is recommended as well.
Awesome food! Love the oxtail and candied yams. Mac and cheese!!
I come here for the vege roti.. chick peas cabbage and candy yams.
The jerk chicken, callaloo are my favorite
Great spot. Quick friendly service with good food. Try the chicken roti, it's great.
This spot has authentic mexican cuisine, excellent prices, and good portions! The waitress (Sandra) is very hospitable and attentive. This is definitely a find!
Great place! REAL mexican cuisine!
huarache with bistec (steak), YAY!
Get the chorizo, tacos or huaraches.
They have Mexican Coke here.
My fish was inedible. Hope they have improved
They are usually pretty quick and always friendly.
the staff here are competent and friendly, but there's one caveat: don't be a dick. if you have a problem with service, that problem might be you.
Possibly the slowest service I've ever had
Love the vanilla coolattas and jelly doughnuts.
The weekday morning crew is amazingly nice and efficient.
I loveee working here :)
Wow. Actually got fast service.
Thank god the brand is established because the service is wretched.
Iced mocha latte with whipt cream...Awesome!
they always have fresh, delicious donuts, bagels and other bakery. their boston cream has a lot more cream filling than any other dunkin in the city.
Unlike many places in this area they gave a decent weekday staff. Get you serviced efficiently
Went in for decaf and they had none! :-/
I always have problems with my order... with the same cashier girl...
Iced coffee dark roasted slamming
Great  food and go workers
Wicked chicken combo !!!!
It's ok here but the stand on 153rd is better...OG status...they been there for years
One of the best Bloody Marys up here!
Try the cheeseburger spring rolls. Little piece of heaven.
Go for Sunday brunch, sit at the bar, ask for Lamar and get the buttermilk chicken and pancakes!
nice spot. yes please get the oyers my favorite.
Brunch here is delicious and the service is great! Try the veggie burger (best one I have ever had), it comes with a free brunch drink.
Food is bad!!! Great drinks
Fried Mac & Cheese makes me realize why I love food!
321 pineapple martini is where it's at!
Only order Buttermilk chicken and pancakes. Make sure the have the meat you want!
Skip the lobster mac n cheese. It's bland and tasteless :(
Try the Riazul Tequila!  It's a Harlem owned brand not to mention amazingly smooth!!!!
Stop in for a night cap and was wowed by the the staff! Amazing drinks, great atmosphere! Stefan the bartender is the new mixologist of the year! Lol Pear Apple Martini!!!! Whoop Whoop lol
Terrible, terrible food. Just another crappy nouveaux-riche moneysink in Harlem.
They don't serve the full menu on Saturdays until 5 PM! Bummer!
I want to love this place, but the food quality doesn't compare with the rest of the establishments within 2 blocks of 125th street. Maybe it was an off night for the kitchen. Great bar/lounge though!
Wow! Big ups to the Wednesday Night DJ!!! Music off the hook!!! You can dance it down to every song played! Come get your drink and groove on here!! New Hot Spot! Come get your life!
The Lemonade Vodka is banging!
Try the 321 Pineapple cocktail...delicious! The perfect amount of "sweet" for a drink!
Hot!  Hot!  Hot! Saturday note. Worth the trip.
Have the sweet potato cake!
Great place. Try Riazul Tequila. An amazing Harlem owned brand!
Brunch = Chicken and pancake. Don't look back.
Went here for the first time last Friday. Been back 3 times since then...in one week.  Great ambiance, food and service.  I'm feeling the meatloaf sandwiched.  Try it for urself .  #Delish
If you like A spiked lemonade Ask Ohearey ( The Tri lingual Male Bartender with the GOLDEN MASCULINE VOICE and black frames ) to make his special Lemonade
Riazul Tequila is amazing!! TRY IT!!!
I <3 Harlem
Great brunch spot but portions kinda small, esp the yummy corn flakes crusted French Toast
Ask for cocktails that may not be on the menu, you might be surprised they'll make it for you.
Try the Cheeseburger Springrolls - Just ridiculously good and bad for you. :) (via @Foodspotting)
cool music Friday night.
The best spot around for a $14 meatball sandwich. Try the turkey too with just the right amount of spicy mayo.
Find the best $14 meatball sandwich you'll eat in the Great Hall. The turkey is well worth the investment too.
Oh, and check them out on their 50% off scoutmob deal.
Can't beat happy hour, 2 for $3 beers and $5 top shelf
love happy hour...=)
Try tHe Fried Oyters The are excellent!
Highly suggest checking out the tuesday night jam session.  Listen to all the local jazz musicians!  Order the voodoo wings and gumbo!  Best two items on the menu!
Check out the Tuesday night jam session, some of the best musicians in town!
Lunch is cheap and delicious-you must have the mac and cheese!
Had a meal here today. Some of the best 'Soul Food' I have ever eaten, for real! Yams, Ribs & Coconut Rice. Also some Calamari :)
Try the blackened catfish with the cabbage. Bananas!!  M-F happy hour: $5 premium shots, beers: 2 for $5. From 5-8pm. Sundays: $8 mojitos and margaritas. Live music W-F (bands). Nice spot.
Don't get the smothered chicken
Live jazz! The crab cakes were really yummy and the fried snapper looked so cool. And Ebony our waitress was so great!
Decent hot dog cart; bun was a little stiff, though.
They always have arugula stocked and Mabel is the friendliest face there.
Ice coffee is hot on Mondays because they don't brew in advance.  Otherwise, great!
The pre-fix lunch menu is great. The spicy sauce they give you with bread is delish!
A great healthy food spot in this part of the city. Definitely worth a try...
Recently renovated; gorgeous interior, great menu, and a beautiful bar (... and beautiful bartender!)
Zucchini pancakes are amazing!  Great happy hour drink specials!
Complete bait n switch restaurant. No wonder they are always empty. Only good news is they probably won't be there long!
The Chicken Adana is great, and make sure to try the house bread which soft and tasty.
Apparently the only condiment combination they know is SalPepperKashup. You get it on everydamnthing.
Great bagels... And only like $2! It's cheaper than jersey... And on thanksgiving if u come for the parade you just show a receipt to use the bathroom... And no line!
Bomb-ass Tuscan chicken sandwich on olive bread! Have them toast it for you. Yum!
Reasonably priced, choose your own ingredient salads start at about $8.95. Plenty of proteins, and extra treats to mix & match!
Try the Chunky Chicken Salad & Bacon Sandwich - @ 3.99 U cant beat it!!! Chunk chicken breast and pork belly. Yea life's good to me...  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the turkey chilli it's amazing and low fat ;-)
Great choose your ingredient salads. But no wi- fi
Can't get an online delivery order right to save their lives.
this place has screens that smile at you in case the staff forget.
2nd best salads in the city
This place has the best salads and soups. Become their friend on twitter and you will recieve special promos daily!
For a different take on breakfast, try the savory ouefs meurette.
amazing trout
They discriminate against differently-abled people here. Shameful behavior.
Best happy hour in midtown!!!! 7$ 24 oz draft beers, well drinks and wines, and a ton of free food including French pizza and cheese plates!!!! And the bartenders are absolutely THE BEST!
Get the crab cake appetizer and the cheesecake dessert. It is an experience!
Get the croque monsieur for brunch. It's an open-face, batter dipped ham and cheese sandwich. Delicious!
Ask for the waffles... Not on the menu. They are world class -- Brasserie's best kept secret!!
Chocolate beignets - heavenly
Came here for restaurant week - got food poisoning. -_- decor also reminiscent of being underwater in a sunken ship, not in a good way (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Came here for restaurant week - got food poisoning. :(
Very nice place and he food. Try the crab cake. Delicious!
It strikes just the right balance between buttoned up and fun loving. We dig the great food and accessible menu, as well as the surprisingly friendly vibe right near business-heavy Park Avenue.
Posto carino
My friends loved the lobster risotto but I think it tasted like too much butter. Couldn't taste anything else. Crepe appetizer is amazing!
A consistently great eatery.  Salmon is superb.
Foie gras. Do it!
Designed by Diller Scofidio + Renfro it features a large modern  dining room (eat great food) & video monitors showing surveillance camera art of the patrons over the bar (drink fantastic cocktails)
The Orange French Toast at brunch is incredible.
Excellent eggs Benedict.
The grilled Branzino is divine. End with Almond Tuile to complete a heavenly experience.
Tuna Tartare, fantastic!
The lobster risotto is absolutely amazing!! And they have the best crab cakes I've ever had!
A sopa de cebola é um espetaculo. Grande dica do Luiz Felipe.
Os beignets são maravilhosos. São uns pastéis de massas folheadas com recheio de chocolate. Ainda vem sorvete e mais calda de chocolate a parte.
O Creme Brulee é perfeito. Feito com baunilha de verdade, não com essência. Faz TODA diferença!
Peça uma sopa de cebola com queijo gratinado. A comida como um todo é maravilhosa, mas a sopa... um achado! O ambiente é super descolado e dá para vir sem reserva no almoço.
Sit at the bar and have a drink poured by the one and only Diana
This Seagram Building classic offers some of the best French fare in town from Chef Luc Dimnet’s masterful kitchen.
Next visit to NYC will include a trip to this brasserie
A stunning reincarnation of New York's original 1959 Brasserie, I recommend the grilled branzino
This is a terrible McDonalds. They were out of like four different items we asked for.
Omg possibly the slowest service at any maccas anywhere. Waiting 20 minutes after ordering!!!
Poor quality of customer service.
With Norton Witeck
Love the Coke freestyle machine!
For that overnight crew at mcdonalds they are great fast and a bunch of good people.
You're BEARY close to Build-A-Bear Workshop!  Stop by and see us to make a new furry friend!  We even have NYC exclusive bears not available anywhere else!
Love the new Soda machine SOOOO many options!!
The new beverage machines gives you tons of options.
hide your kids, hide your wife and hide your husband cuz they're rapin errbody out here
Grab some fries! Still the best in fast food!
Don't buy a drink. Ask for water and just take your cup to the machine
Free refills
New coke machine
Try the new drink dispenser its real cool
One of the slowest McDs in the city. McFail! On the bright side, at least they are nice.
Beware Of The Homeless Dude(s) That Open The Door For You
Horrible Customer Service! Takes them 10 minutes to serve one guest because they too busy socializing with each other and ignore the guest.
Slowest service - ao much for "fast food"
Katrina is the best server I've ever met at McDonalds!
Go to the lines on the right, they're always faster. Also avoid the cashier who wears the sweater-- very slow and a little creepy.
Not as good as the McDs' off of Broadway..the chocolate shakes are nasty!
Best burger in city!  Ugh.
Love the HotCakes!!
Iced coffee
First time here UNDER NEW MGNT ----- MISS PHOBE & ERIC !!!!
Great little bar at the front. Mango Mojitos are super refreshing.
The Pink Lady rolls are to DIE!!!
Pink Lady signature roll was damn good, definitely worth the 17 bucks
Key lime martini is the perfect sweet and sour cocktail. Highly recommend the special rolls. It's a neighborhood spot with a trendy flair.
Get the Crispy Thai Chicken (extra spicy) with brown rice. Wash it down with an Asahi beer.
asasasasasa
This sushi is absolutely phenomenal
great sushi
the sushi for two is fantastic
ask for Ahra or Phoebe...
Pretty bare-bones selection. Nothing much besides drinks and strict $10 minimum.
Get a "Go Girl" and you'll be able to go anywhere even when the restroom had been USED all day!  Available on Amazon.com
They take debit cards!!
Mmmm....marinated skirt steak sandwich for $10.50!
Free dog treats!
You can't go wrong with: Roasted Tomato, Zucchini and Ricotta Sandwich, the Affogato (espresso & vanilla gelato!) or their killer Arnold Palmer (ask if not on the menu!) Public Staff Discount.
Into The Woods is an amazing production. A must-see for any New Yorker this summer. A real treat. :)
Get the fried calamari and zucchini. No liquor license yet but they'll hook you up with a glass of house wine. Oh and have a canolli.
Had the greatest time here last night. The drinks, music, staff, food (hot wings!,) and place was amazing! I tried Delirium Tremens beer. It's on my list as the best tasting beer I've had to date.
fresh oysters and stiff drinks. works for me. and great happy hour specials.
Niggers are everywhere
Little bit of coke with the rum and cokes.
An Upper West Side institution – we love the fun décor, the heavy handed bartenders and the happy hour specials - $1 off drinks, ½ priced sushi rolls and delicious burger/salad combo.
Mai tais are great here. Fun, mixed atmosphere. Everything from young couples to single women in their 90s. The food is whatevs but good enough to eat
Service is pretty bad. Very slow.
half priced sushi until 7 = amazing
Just checked in here - one of my favorite neighborhood places.  Half price on sushi rolls before 7 is a great deal
Great Saturday drinks!
Try the brunch. Amazing!
Love this place but every time I come here some absurdly obnoxious person sits next to me and gives the waitstaff hell. Don't be that person.
Delicious grilled chicken ceaser salad.
Great for brunch.. Just as good as surrounding brunch places with a much shorter wait
Get an old fashioned or a manhattan
Great brunch place to enjoy UWS brunch drinks.
Nice music!
Something for everyone --unless you're really being one picky son of a bitch.
Been here many times. The sushi? Surprisingly good.
Knock back a few before. You go home
They serve a decent brunch. The 1st drink is 2.95. Can't beat that. Service is fast and friendly. Not for the foodies but it's a chill spot.
They have great specials and half price sushi every day from 430 until 7... Always a good deal!
Had so much fun tonight! The DJ is great!
The high life burger is the best burger in the world. It combines a bacony patty, a grilled bun, cheese, spicy sauce used on spicy tuna roll, with the freshness of Ginger. Wow. Thank you.
Saw a mouse in the cafe eeew!!
Burger and beer special = yummy.
Try the surf and turf.  Sushi and burger wow! :-)
1/2 price sushi on Monday and Tuesday nights. Not amazing but pretty good for the price.
Great brunch; bar is padded to protect the knees of long-legged patrons!
Try the Westsider for brunch
Out of the two guys who make the sandwiches. The older guy does it better and faster the younger guy is awful at it. Every time o get a sandwich from the younger he makes it hard to eat forgets stuff.
Bacon, egg, cheese with mayo and mustard on croissant is the jam! The guy who makes it late mornings is on top of it and friendly!
Cheap, delicious sandwiches.
Did I really move close to the worse Deli in HK
I have to amend. The second visit there something was off with the salad special and the guy was so inattentive to what I asked for.
this bodega does have a good salad special for lunch.
Go to the back and use the ATM and enjoy the smell of used kitty litter
Estuvimos desayunando aqui durante nuestras vacaciones en NYC. Buenisima comida y gran servicio
Everyone here is crazy nice! Awesome service and good breakfast food
$8 for a chicken salad sandwich?? I'll never come back here again!
Don't order the buffalo chicken pizza. Also be careful to look at the prices before you spend $4 on a slice of cafeteria quality pepperoni pizza.
They will even toss your salad for you
$5.99 oven baked sandwich lunch special is supreme, and you get a free lemonade with it.
Pork buns. Mmmmm. Ramen. Yum.
Smoked pork loin sandwich is the best lunch deal in midtown ($10).
Try the Chicken Cemita - Black bean, avocado, tomatillo. This was excellent, best sandwich here. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Smoked Pork Loin Sandwich - Brioche, pimiento cheese, fried onions (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Duck Ramen - Miso, bok choy, XO (via @Foodspotting)
The duck with orange and pistachios, delicious. ICarrot with coconut, curry and chili. But the most impressive thing is beef shank. Enormous. Order in advance and invite your entourage.
Try the Steamed Buns with Pork Belly - Momofuku pork buns...always, always a good choice. (via @Foodspotting)
Perfect when you're hungover. There's no daylight, gentle music, great fatty pork chops and a solid icetea.
This is what we ordered and it was amazing! Wagyu, Steamed Bun Lobster, Foie Gras (make sure to eat each bite with the Malt and Brioche), black bass and dessert-White chocolate popcorn, Carmel, salt!
Gather a party of 6. And pre-order the chicken meal.
New foie gras dish is AMAZING!
Pork belly slider is tasty!
Pork buns, artichoke salad, noodles and crack pie (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't come here if you are hungry
Sommelier, Drew Davis, makes this amazing menu sing.
Whiskey? Get the "Jim Joe"
The curry chicken rice noodles a la carte for lunch. Check in early for free roll of spring rolls.
Try the Scallops - Plantain, yuzu, sesame: perfection  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Grilled Breast of Liberty Farm Duck - Great citrus flavor with duck breast and sausage. @davidchang wins again.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Fried Brussels Sprouts - Awesome Brussels Sprouts from @davidchang's Ma Peche (via @Foodspotting)
Prawn Spring Rolls, Brussell Sprouts and White Chocolate
Brussel sprouts are amazing. Start with the spring roles. Can't go wrong from there.
one of the best meals in my life. don't miss the book!
Part of the Momofuko Empire. Look for their 3 course lunch prix-fixe menu for $25. And they're desserts are from Milk Bar. Need I say more?
Amazing brussels sprouts side for dinner
The food is divine. Plus, the venue is surprisingly versatile and also has a bit more flair than typical, clubby Midtown joints. Don’t miss the chamomile daiquiri!
nick cave & the bad seeds while having raw oysters OMG!
Get the vegetarian tofu summer rolls as an appetizer. They are light and tasty.
Get one beef and pork belly hero sandwich. If you're hungry, get two!
Супер место!!!!
don't come here
Overpriced. Average quality. Soup dumplings have thick skin and starchy soup
I can't believe they charge you for hot tea here.
Must haves: the salt & pepper shrimp, and their moo shoo pork. Be careful not to over order! Their portions are generous, & besides, why on earth would you want anything but NYC's best soup dumplings?
Soup dumplings are amazing, and it’s a great spot to drink cheap wine.
Perfect way to start a day after a wild night. As others have already mentioned, pork and crab soup dumpling and yang chow fried rice work pretty well for two regular guys.
Soup dumplings are great. Like whoa. Everything else ... Ehhhh.
More seating and a shorter wait than the downtown location.
Pork soup dumplings are a must. Top off with moo-shu pork pancakes, beef with string beans, general Tso's and some jasmine tea, and life is good.
The chicken corn soup is equivalent to egg drop soup with corn, for the egg drop lovers out there.
Very poor/rude service, but delicious soup dumplings.
Try the Orange Beef. It's beyond delicious.
Be sure to have some of the worst soup dumplings ever!
Bland soup and thin dumpling skin = bad steamed juicy pork bun! Go to M Shanghai off the Marcy Ave J in Brooklyn for phenomenal flavor and more affordable entrees.
Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had... Try the soup dumplings, crispy beef, scallion pancakes and fried green beans. Yum!
So you've checked into Joe's Shanghai. Be sure to get both the pork and crabmeat soup dumplings.
The soup dumplings are so good they would make an angel weep.
The food is below average. Go to Chinatown for real Chinese food. Most of all, the service was horrible. Everyone was rushing to take orders, clean table, and bring you the check.
The pork soup dumplings here are fantastic.  The crab-pork ones are OK, but stay away from everything else on the menu.
When you order, wait until you're sitting, because they might not. Dancing is permitted though they won't mention it.
Higher prices less dumplings per order, would rather make the trip  to Chinatown
Soup dumplings!!!!
I actually do not like their crab/pork soup dumplings. I often find pieces of the shell in the filling and I simply don't think it enhances the flavor.
Organic cucumber saketini ... refreshing taste
Get the sautéed snow pea shoots and the soup dumplings! Best thing ever!
Try the Xiao Long Bao - #bestever The best XLB I've ever had, the perfect blend of flavor and still soupy.  (via @Foodspotting)
wait staff are really rude
Doesn't open until 1 pm on Sunday and gets packed really fast.
Juicy Pork Dumplings
Pork steamed soup dumplings! But only if you can't go to the one in Chinatown.
Sushi is now available!
Deep inside the building, it has great and affordable food and milkshakes!
Restaurant Review: Serge Bistro serves a new midtown location http://exm.nr/RHowDb
The Iberian crepe - buckwheat crepe with chorizo, parmesan, spinach, ricotta and shallots - is delicious!
New specialty crepes every week, and great savory crepe options. Order online at foodtoeat.com
These crepes are dee-lish!  And that crepe man is a hunk!  The wait is a bit long though.
wanted to love bc always on my office block...crepes are thin,greasy and dont hold the fillings.  somewhat slow wait too.  mehh
I couldn't find any reviews but decided to give it a try.  I got the rice and chicken platter.  Chicken was tasty/tender and rice was cooked with carrots and craisins.  Pretty good for 6 bucks!
Bone in rib steak is boss, get the aui poivre sauce.
Mike Kennedy behind the bar. You are probably drinking Hess cab!
Taste the Bone rib steak! Perfect!
Rothmann's Steakhouse3 E 54th St (Madison and 5th Ave), New York, NY 10022(212) 319-5500
Artie will hook you up... Old School!
Ask for steak on toast appetizer, you will not be disappointed
Great place for a business lunch…the Filet Mignon is perfection as is the Sesame Crusted Tuna with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes. Service can be a bit quirky at times.
Ask for Art
...taste the Filet Mignon encrusted with Gorgonzola! So good...
Try the Jelu Malbec, amazing
Everyone orders steak at a steakhouse, but the tuna steak on wasabi mashed potatoes here is killer. Try it!
Good cheap breakfast in the am. Note: the prices for egg sandwiches are for 1 egg, but of you don't specify he makes a sandwich with 2 eggs for 50c more.
Best lamb + rice in the city. Threw tzaziki awesome.
My go-to spot for a Korean fix outside of K-town. Love their soups. And they have bubble tea :)
Spicy ramen with bulgolgi hits the spot
The lunch portion is so large! The lunch special allows you to pick 2 different entree dish. Really good variety.
Get anything with the spicy pork. Anything!
Just found my fav place to eat. Great food and great service
Good kimchi, love the ramen here (not authentic but tasty)
Amazing korean food very affordable!!!
Very good.  Love their kimchi. The staff is awesome.
Gumbo grits all the way! Holiday market wouldn't be the same without it.
Cajun chicken grits + pepper jack cheese = amazing.
Great grits stand! This is only seasonal - part of winter 2010 set up in Bryant Park.
Friendly service and good soups and stews. Worth dropping by.
Get the lentil soup!
Their Greek yogurt berry blast is amazing!
I'm a fanatic over sweets but the smaller sizes are plenty... actually I can't finish the small/medium two scoop size and usually end up putting it in the fridge.
Delicious but too expensive
Try the Butter Cookie, unbelievable, but maybe a tad sweet.
Can be a tad sweet. Love the pina colada and yogurt flavor.
This surprise discovery has the most amazing gelato flavors and friendly help!
A hostel favorite from our bookkeeper Rosie! Stop by the front desk at HI New York for a free upgrade.
Don't call it "ice cream." (They will get mad.) Also, they usually have dog treats.
Check their twitter feed for the flavors of the day
Check their twitter account for the
This is the best gelato I've had since Vienna, Austria two years ago. Try any flavor. As much as you want. Awesome staff!
Ferrero richer flavor is delicious!
Excellent espresso!
The best. Ever.
Best gelato! Try roche and chocolate brownie whiskey flavors!
The ramen is delicious! The miso broth beats out the pork broth.... But the pork broth was still smoky and delicious.
Far better than average. Fresh sushi well repaired, friendly and will go out of their way to help if you need it.
Delicious Ramen!!! If you're meat friendly, order it in the pork broth!
Feels really homey here
Tatany salad! Order it!
Sushi sashimi combo omakase is quite good and large enough for two to share!
If you like old school Japanese curry, this is the place to get it.
Apparently I'm addicted to the turkey on whole wheat with extra pickles & peppers. I'm assuming this is what Jarred orders. Although I bet he skips the potato chips and the gigantic cup of Cherry Coke
Avoid the Chicken Marinara Melt. It wasn't that good!
Really don't understand what the hype is About. Good experience tho!
Ice cream sandwich is made for 2, but can be eaten by 1. It's 3 scoops of ice cream of your choice in between a doughnut with your choice of icing and topping. Get the Guatemalan truffle ice cream.
Cash only. Unusual ice cream flavors (try the Pretzel!)
Eat in the window so you can enjoy your 30,000 calorie doughnut sandwich while laughing at the pouty boys with 0% body fat going in to Flaming Saddles across the street.
It is heaven in your mouth. Just do it.
99 cent iced coffee...alas, not so-great.
The customer service here is so bad it's hilarious
The daytime manager is a total douche. He harassed his new employee and never made my donut sandwich. I will never go back to a place where management treats their employees with such disrespect
doughnut ice cream sandwich; chocolate covered pretzels
Homemade ice creams are so good. I like s'mores and Guatemalan java
Try the black raspberry on a chocolatey sprinkle waffle cone. Eat quickly so it doesn't melt and get on your pants.
Best sorbet in the city!
Koolest idea ever! Absolutely worth the calories. It's the adult version of "Build a Bear"!
Get the dream doughnut sandwich with pretzel and red velvet ice cream! Delish!
Donut ice cream sandwich = new underwear needed
As far as I am concerned this is hands down the best desert I ever had. What a great concept.
The brownie explosion sundae is for TWO people. So yummy!!
Love the Birthday Cake ice cream.
Red Velvet cupcake ice cream
Hot fudge Sunday may as well come in a bucket. A delicious amazing bucket. Awesome as hell.
Cute in theory but I would skip this place. Saw an employee drop an uncapped marker into sprinkles and not throw out the sprinkles. Also saw another marker resting in some almond topping. Unsanitary!
You can try different ice cream flavors.  I ended up getting the Midnight Cookies & Cream, but the Pretzel flavor was pretty good too!
chocolate cookies and cream concoction was delish
Had the doughnut ice cream sandwich and I enjoyed it, but WAY over priced.  I doubt I'll come back based solely on the prices.
Every time I have been here the owner has spoken rudely and raised his voice to his employees,  in front of the guests. Disrespectful and unclassy for a business owner or manager whatever he is.
Go earlier in the day for fresher donuts #toptuesday
Red velvet ice cream. Bottom line. :-) :-)
Birthday cake ice cream :)
Peanut butter caramel cookie dough FTW
Bring cash and prepare to stand in line. But it's fun to build your own doughnut and very tasty.
Love the curry beef noodle soup with ramen.
Mediocre chinese food
I don't think there's anything they don't put MSG in
Their lunch specials are a mountain of food. Entree plus rice plus soup for 8 dollars is a great deal.
Dirty. Filthy dirty. Ramen is from cheap $.25 packets. They call this a noodle shop?
Roast pork with nodle:) with Sakie
After a drink at flaming saddles go grab some noodles at Mee!
General Tso and chicken Lo mein are pretty solid.
Beef curry noodles FTW!!
The curry chicken is yummy. Would be better if the chicken was boneless and skinless. Maybe try the beef next time.
Dan dan noodles are soooo tasty
omg it's gravy based noodle soup #56 A Little Bit of Everything. More tips & pics @ nomnomboris.com
you can never go wrong with some Fried Shrimp Balls appetizers! More tips & pics @ nomnomboris.com
This place is amazing and very tasty, but I caught paralytic seafood poisoning immediately after I ate their sizzling seafood platter. Eat everything else here, BUT that.
Good cold weather food with great prices.
Order the L9 with Hot and Sour Soup with Extra Hot Mustard and Crunchy Noodles. Bring it home and put it all together in a big bowl.  They best 6.53 you will ever spend for three meals worth of food.
The Wife likes beef & tomato w rice but I Love the wonton mee fun noodle soup!
After one bite I can't recommend this. The "ramen" noodles are from those cheap packets. I should have given this a pass.
Best shrimp toast in the universe!
This place gave me food poisoning, I believe it was the shrimp and lobster sauce
Vegetable dumplings were DYED green, instead of being made from spinach dough. horrible. these dumplings contain no love.
The shrimp omellette is heaven.
comida chinesa bem servida por menos de 10 dólares! Família Feliz que serve duas pessoas por 11 dólares! Quem diz comer mal em NY não sabe dessas coisas, não é possível!
unless you like the taste of wasabi and a gross after taste, stay away from the vegetable dumplings.
Shrimp in garlic sauce is some of the best I've ever had.
Roasted chicken curry
Best hot and sour soup I've had... Flashes from kitchen reminders of Hong Kong... Good service and so well priced
Be careful if your order the vegetable dumplings my sister in law found a hook in her dumplings.
Extra large portions...bring a friend and share.
Hot and sour soup is amazing.
Closest market with decent necessary groceries. They also have Haagen Dasz Creme Brulee ice cream.
Get a coffee!!!
Yummie cheese dip and the cinnamon pretzel.
Finally I found a place on the UES that has my newest obsession: BUBBLE TEA.
Try a taro bubble tea. You won't regret it.
Can't beat the lunch specials for this area.
awesome lunch specials
1.5 lb lobster $20, you might as well
Highly recommend shrimp dim sums and a nice big portion of edamame.
Very good dumplings
The lemon chicken is delicious!
So nice! they remember regulars, give extra sodas, and brought us a calendar at Christmas!
Delicious bacon egg & cheese sandwich!!
10% off with NYPH id ( hot & cold buffet.
Spiced Chai Tea Latte was not bad...
great salad
all coffee is made with steamed milk!
two words: FREE BREAD
The employees here are very nice! Too bad the WiFi is crappy.
Looking for a quick and delicious bite? Stop in here for one of their tasty sandwiches made fresh daily.
My salad came with a free ant. Gross
Decent food but wow is it expensive.
The salad wraps are the best
Always serve fresh 
The employees here are always so enthusiastic.
The avocado and pine nut salad wrap amazing. Shrimp salad wrap not so much.   Everyone is awesome and super nice in this location
The ham and tomato croissant was delicious. Apparently they've replaced it with a ham and swiss version - just ok.
For some reason, lattes at this location taste better. And people working here have great energy.
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
Skim maple oatmeal is SO good here. They steam the milk. Seriously.
For a chain, the quality of casual food is pretty good. The "Harvest" cookie is AWESOME. Eat one.
33 or 35 dollars (forget which one) all u can drink and eat sushi including special rolls
Cucumber on the outside crab and avocado inside.  Just learned this type of roll is a naruto roll.  Very good and the green river and the lover roll are good as well.
Nothing like the one in the EV, but they still have the eat/drink special
Taboon Trio to start and lamb osso buco to end. Don't mind if I do. Delicious!
Stuff your face with the bread
The foie gras is phenomenal!!
Almond Jack - bitters = good time
Best hummus!
Try the Trio, with Skoog. Wait for it....order and you will taste what I mean.
Get the Heraime ! And the halvah ice cream!
Christopher makes great drinks!!!!!!
Their Restaurant Week menu is fantastic from appetizer to dessert for $35 per person. Yum!
Try the French Toast - One of the best in the city!  But get it as a side for every to share. (via @Foodspotting)
Hot, sweet and faintly oily, the sfing are dandy as is, but we love them best with Taboon's house tea of mint, lemon verbena and sage served in short Moroccan tea glasses.
Great Mediterranean spot that is perfect for a romantic interlude!  Definitely start the Hummus and Sambusak, then have the Lamb Osso Bucco.  Finish (or start) with a Sour Cherry Vodka cocktail.
If you like goat cheese, get the Sambusak. Seriously, you have to.
Great food ! On Mondays live music!
The bread is really tasty as are the cocktails.
taziki is amazing. Best in nyc!!!
Love the steak Benedict -- get it every time.
Bottomless mimosas for $18 during Sunday brunch!
The Leblon Pomegranate Caipirinha is delicious!
Definately check in here again
If you want to pay 6 bucks for some cucumber slices, this is your place.
The Foie Gras here is the best in New York.  It is mind-blowingly delicious!  It should be listed on the menu as Foie Gras crack.
Try the Grapefruit Mimosa - More champagne than juice just means more bubbly. Happy Easter, everybody! (via @Foodspotting)
Over-priced and always crowded, but worth it. Great, fresh, healthy food and the focaccia and hummus is AMAZING.
Order the Silan dessert. Delicious!!
Amazing brunch. Great jazz combo on Sundays!
The best hummus ever. -Ana Sortun, Top Chef
The "Silan" dessert is proof that Jesus exists. #andimajew
You can make a tapas meal from all the great starters
The whole menu is just amazing.
Really cute outdoor area in the back and über romantic downstairs.
Pouched eggs Benedict = Poached eggs Benedict (menu typo). It was good too.
Holy crap the cheese stuffed dates wrapped in prosciutto are ridiculous good and go great w a Bordeaux
Try the artichokes, octopus, pappardelle with lamb ragu and the risotto balls.
We had great food and service... The family table up front is a wonderful experience!
The waiters are freakin hot
Awesome place for a cheese platter and a small plate. Outside seating area has a very cute and comfortable vibe.
Perhaps they changed the management.  We had no issues with the service and the food was excellent
Leave Jordan alone. He's all mine.  Have no idea what all these people talking about bad service are about.   Stay at home and order Dominos if you're so angry / bitter.
Great brunch spot with cosy outdoor garden in the back. Try the baked eggs and the Pullus wine... Yum!
This place is super slow, and the food tastes like it's cooked in a  microwave.
if its nice out head to the garden in the back.
Get the gnocchi entree. Holy wow. Best meal ever?
Fantastic food. The baked eggs on the brunch menu are a must!
This host/waiter is gorgeous.
Horrible! The staff are completely clueless and actually seem to be on drugs. Prices are outrageous. It's always empty because no one in their right mind would ever return.
Management is horrible. Service is slow and haphazard. We go for the ambience and because it's local. But they really need to get their act together.
Worst sangria
The Blueberry Risotto is beyond amazing.
Great ambiance, vibe, and overall super dope bartenders/owners!?
Hottest waiters in Hells Kitchen.
Try the dates wrapped in goat cheese and spek.. Delish!
Best Martini in the world..! 9&53rd it's called
We left after an hour without getting an ounce of food. The manager is rude and incompetent and the wait staff are clueless.
Only go if you are looking for poor service and food that never comes out. And rude comments from the manager.
Brunch was a disaster. Worst time of my life.
Worst. Place. Ever.
Awesome selection of Mediterranean wines from Slovenia, Greece. Italy, Lebanon, Spain and more.
check out the wine tasting coming up! http://www.yelp.com/events/manhattan-wine-tasting-at-medi-winebar
Neat garden, eclectic decor...
The veggie duck w/ chilli lime sauce is awesome.
One of the best sesame chickens I've ever had
This place is now Mee Noodle. They changed the menu and no longer have the Pho. Crushed :(
The vegetarian duck is out if this world!
Excellent lunch specials, to say the least, and wonderful Thai Iced Tea!
Very friendly staff, and the food is amazing. Get the pad thai
get the pho bo... it's avail on the lunch special but isn't listed on the menu. delish!
Great lunch special!
Mad people gettin shot here these days
Beet ketchup is a thing and it can be found here. Now you know.
Been wanting to go there since I was a big pepe patron fan. Burgers good but pricey (go to jg melons if wanting a burger).. Drinks and ambiance are what make the place
Make your own bloody mary bar!
Try the Sage Berry Smash cocktail and the beets chips. Yum!
Throw pennies at people with the overnight cashier!
You crazy bastards!!  Keith is planning on rounding 2nd base!
Taxi chair latte
Great brunch spot!! Good music and friendly atmosphere.
There might be unlimited drinks but the food kinda sucks.
At dinners, the pastas are great. Some of the entrees are too - lamb shank, branzino - but stay away from the steak and veal.
Cacio e pepe, ravioli stuffed with cheese fondue, and tagliatelle with mushrooms and artichokes - all excellent
Don't get Javier. Slow as hell and surly.
one of the best italian in town! i'm italian and i know from what i write! ... to arielle, you're to blame, how stupid you have to be?
Best mimosa brunch deal in the city (unlimited). Get the Egg Pizza. Trust.
Unlimited Bloody Mary and Mimisoa's with Brunch on the weekends
Don't ask to sub an English muffin for the brioche w the burger. They'll act like you took a dump on their lawn -- and charge you $4.
The braised rabbit and venison sausage are things you must order. The unlimited mimosa brunch is worth a visit.
If you take the risk to eat with the thieves that work there, remember to keep your belongings inside. I am very bitter about my experience.
Oh yah!!! The waitress' english deteriorated when I mentioned there was a foursquare deal! She said she didn't know ANYTHING about it and the manager didn't either.
Unfriendly RUDE people that ruin the experience. Not to mention my phone was stolen right off the table when it was cleaned and they are DENYING IT. The waitress even snapped a photo4me. It went POOF.
During weekend brunch they offer unlimited mimosas and bloody marys. It's a little cozy inside but the food is well worth it!
One of the best Italian meals I have had in recent memory.  I swear the chef is from Italy....I've not had food that good since the last time I was in Florence.  I will definitely go back, often.
Gnocchi with boar stew and the veal meatball appetizer are wonderful. Stay away from the windy entrance.
Great brunch. But ends at 3:30 and they won't seat past 2:45. Balls.
Unlimited mimosas w/ an amazing brunch! Can't do better than that!
Babies love it!
Vespa is the best cocktail around.
Just got a free glass of champaign in celebration of my new job. This is a great place.
Black Manhattan...best drink in UWS
Tuesday nights - 3 courses for $25 is a good deal
$25 Three Courses on Tuesday nights. Food was divine. Serving size was just right. Definitely a place to come back to again.
Great pasta. They do not skimp out with the sauces - duck ragu had huge chunks of meat, definitely recommended.
Pasta night every monday. $9 every pasta
Come for a brunch and you'll want to come back week after week.  Unlimited mimosas and bloody marys make brunch a great deal but more importantly - you don't get booted immediately after your meal.  I
The burger, the spaghetti fritatta and the pizza w/ fried egg are my brunch faves
Don't forget that Monday nights are $9 pasta nights. It's worth it.
I've never been during the day, but evenings have been great without exception.
Don't come here if you want to share a table with a friend or two! The remodeling at this location has resulted in only miniature tables suited for one.
Love the double tall skinny vanilla late.
The sausage egg and cheese English muffin is my go too
Definitely a more small-town-feel Starbucks.
Why does the salted caramel mocha deliciousness exist at a business I loathe? Workers friendly, but it's still an effing Starbucks.
Love the people who work here! <3
If you're looking for a copy of the NY Times to go with your coffee you'll have to get there early on the weekends to snag one.
Worst sushi place ive been to. The sushi is not fresh tasteless.
Try Crazy Tuna Roll w/t pepper tuna
Must try the rock shrimp tempura appetizer.
This is one of my top 5 sushi spots in the entire city. Rolls are big and always fresh. Must try the green river roll
Sweet potato rolls are amazing!
Such great food, and you get a ton for your money. Must try the chicken & vegetable tempura an Dallas roll!
Yummy! And you're right about the sweet potato roll too. Delicious!
Las mejores hamburgesas con queso d todo New York. Lugar muy acojedor. Trato muy bueno. Precio menos d lo normal pero sales muy satisfecho. Para volver sin dudarlo.
Muy buena carne, de la carnicería del mismo nombre. Y a un precio más que razonable. Cierran a las 22h. Hay que volver!
Great, lovely service. Delicious and really good steaks! <3
Great burgers! Brunch really good too and great price.
Some of the cheapest steak in the city! They get all of their meat from one of the oldest butchers in the city (its namesake), so try it out!
The Texas burger is delicious with the waffle fries
Great food u can grow old waiting for the turkey burger
Great place very clean too. Very friendly. Beware they use butter on things rather than olive oil..
For awesome service, ask to be seated in Cameron's section. He will take great care of you!
Best brunch in Harlem. Really good food (especially the French Toast and the Steak with Egg), with two drinks included.
Cheap great steak dinner.
Great delicious Sunday brunch all for 10 bucks. Wonderful service.
Great Burgers too!
$10 Saturday and Sunday brunch. $5 beers. $6 margaritas.
Ottomanelli's has the best weekend brunch in the area. All options are 10 bucks and include 2 mimosas. I recommend the french toast. Also, their burgers are great!
Cheap brunch. Good brunch. $10 for a full brunch...can you beat it?
good place tp get steak or burgers they even have a brunch menu that is only 10 bucks, and it is sooo good, full bar as well....
Great burgers.  Crazy cheap specials.
Good - but not worth the $$
Food is blah but the kiwi-mint mojito is the bomb!
Black Bean Dumplings & miso sauce!
This food is pure organic dopeness!
The shrimp un-fried rice is out of this world! The waitress recommended it and its perfect!
Not very good, and say no when offered 'more orange juice?' unless you want to pay $5 a glass.
Non-vegans will have to suffer through the food here. Eggs benedict I got would have been good were it not for the English muffin they were served on. Too wheaty in flavor which overpowered the eggs.
The salmon is to die for as is the bread and the veggie loaf!
This place is just ok.  Had the organic pancakes and they were a bit rubbery....
The vegan meatloaf & mashed potatoes are soooo yum!!
Josie’s Breakfast Burrito allows me to start my day off right! Made with protein, whole wheat pita, fresh veggies, and a whole lot of love!
Enjoy healthy, delicious & organic food as you people watch from their panoramic windows.  Try the Macadamia Chicken Salad or the Spinach Salad with Avocado & Tofu.
Three words: Cookie Dough Cheesecake!!!
Decent, good apps, cool atmosphere!
This place is meh..
Very cute set up.  The turkey meatballs are very good and so it the macadamia chicken salad.  Everything is healthier here, but still really yummy.
The pancakes are great!!
Small appetizers, the bread is terrible, entrees small and tasteless, mediocre service!
Butternut squash soup is winners!
The banana nut oat-bran pancakes Rock!!! Must have!!
the vegetarian meatloaf is so good.
Omelet is ok, service is poor
Love this place but don't pick the eggs Benedict.  Go for the pancakes instead.
avoid, overrated...was very dissapointed
Oatmeal is amazing! Service is great :)
Butternut soup was decent. Lentil loaf with miso gravy was comfort food. Three berry ginger pie was not overly sweet. Look forward to returning.
Creative organic and free-range menu. The filet mignon will melt in your mouth. I love Josie's.
The macadamia crusted chicken salad is "clean plate club" delicious!!! I LOVE JOSIE'S!!
Weak drinks. Did I order a virgin? I think not.
Worth skipping. Kind of overrated.
One of the worst McDonald's EVER !! They take forever to do breakfast. Rude customer service. Unprofessionalism at its best.
The line to the left is always the shortest ☺ you're welcome
If these employees put half as much effort into customer service as they do flirting, things would run much more efficiently.
Terrible service. Always takes forever to get to the front of the line.
Great new soda machine, try the peach sprite
Sloppy and messy. And the ice cream machine NEVER works.
Their ice cream machine seems to be ALWAYS not working.
The bathroom is always locked.
The bathroom is always locked.
The bathroom is always locked.
#BeatTheHeat!! Grab An #IcedTea or #IcedCoffee!!
Rude and unpleasant, as always
If they gave grades for customer service, this would get an F.
Worse mc d ever!!! Yet again.
Nicer decor than most other McDonalds in the city. The dining room was at least 90 degrees when I ate here though so drinking coffee felt like death.
Rude employees.. They cut off public restrooms after certain time.. They always have panhandlers outside.. Wtf.. They don't have a dollar menu and some of there things are priced like its times sq.
This is the worse mcdonalds that I have ever been to. Even times square is better. Do not stop here. Even if it is 3am.
worst big mac ever. ew. hot but sloppy like it had been steamed.
Public Bathroom!
The decor is not what you'd expect from a McDonald's. Very cute.
As McDonalds restaurants go, this is ok. Absolutely terrible service, though. Half the time they get my breakfast order wrong.
Buffalo Sabres fans, come here during a Sabres game!
Mark just called me high maintenance.....calls it as he sees it
Wait until you see our upcoming roof top deck dining and party area!! We will be catering to privtae parties!!
They will leave you smiling!! Been doing it for 43 years!!
Among the best Irish Pubs in NYC!!! It is THE BEST WEE PUB IN NY!!!
As the owner since 1969, yes we are in our sixth decade leaving our customers with a smile on their faces when they leave, WE DO OUR BEST!!  We will be adding an open air ROOF DECK for having fun!!
Fergul and Connor best bartenders ever!!
Best pub in the city
You get an enormous (non-frozen!) burger with fries for ten bucks! Where else can you find that in Midtown, and so close to MSG? It's not a gourmet burger, but it is great value and quite tasty.
Dont come here! They kicked us out to give our table away while my friend was trying to order food and I wanted to order more beers
A great spot to catch the 'Cuse game!
Old school Knick bar, they've got a Lin Burger for $9.95. Bacon, Cheddar & BBQ.
Start a day playing hookie with a full Irish Breakfast and a Guinness at this extremely friendly pub.  You might end up spending your whole day here!
These bartenders are f* assholes. Don't think your going to a classic msg bar because this is not NY bar. Move on!
The bar tender pours me a drink as soon as I'm empty, without needing to be asked. That's what I call service.
It's the Cryan's of New York.
This bar has terrible music! They can't even finish a song! WTF?
Food prices are a little steep and the food was very mediocre - no spices in my and my friend's roast beef was dry. Like the atmosphere.
$.50 wings and half price drinks from 5pm-8pm
They water down the scotch
Awesome bartenders....great st. Pattys day!!!!!!
Best bartenders in the world hands down!
Go to the Blarney Rock after a Ranger game for the cheapest decent beer in midtown Manhattan, and some okay bar food too.
don't get the ribs.
Can't beat the price
This has to be the worst pizza I have ever eaten in my 57 years of life. Avoid this place like the plague.
Nothing memorable about this typical NYC pizza counter just outside of penn station, but the pizza was actually pretty good considering. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Good place to go after drinks...
Very friendly. Delicious pizza.
Cheese pizza comes with a free drink
Fed our family of 4 for 20 bucks..including drinks. Has a small seating area which is great and air conditioned, perfect for a quick lunch!
Great place to get some authentic New York style pizza in NYC
$1 for 2 eggs your style on a roll. Try it!
$5 for 2 slices and a drink
Some Starbucks move the line, regardless of how busy it is.. This location is not one of them.
Bathroom is disgusting.
Right next to the #1 stop at 28th St, so it can be busy in the mornings but the line moves swiftly.
9am rush pre & post 5 min
Right across the street from the bus stop. Line goes by quickly!
The line gets really long, but you're out of here in 5! @racielcastillo
I dropped a Collectivus Cherry Lime Chocolate Cupcake of Nom-Nom-Nom Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Worst line ever! If you are in a rush skip this starbucks
Excellent and efficient service. Snag a seat while you can. Cool staff!
I have yet to get an order that doesn't taste like it should! Love this place
Mocha Mocha Mocha!
Pumpkin spice lattes, y'all!
Since you're so close to Portable, drop by and say hi. We are on 28th street a few paces away.
Be there and meet the most beautiful girl in NYC...
Agreed. Even when it's crazy busy, the line moves quickly because the staff has a great system. Bravo
Line moves quickly and it has probably the friendliest Starbucks staff you will find in NYC.
This Starbucks plays the worst music ever, very loud, and on a repeating loop.
This location is temporarily closed:(
Barista actually took the time to check the spelling of my name before writing it on my cup! Literally never seen that before.
True the staff is efficient.  Also true that there is never anywhere to sit.
True the staff is efficient.  Also true that there is never anywhere to sit.
Very popular Starbucks. Not enough places to sit. Pretty standard otherwise.
Never impressed with the service at this Starbucks. You'll have better luck at the one up a few blocks.
Come often enough and they'll start asking if you want "the usual." Impressive.
Don't bother looking for a place to sit
10 % off @ the Pita Grill for F. I. T students && qet 20% off when you order @ pitaqrill.com OR stop by our 27th & 7th ave PitaGrill for our ORiGiNAL falafel pita for only 3 dollars !!!!
2 levels means lots of seating. Not limited at all.
Right across from the 7th ave. Megabus stop. Always full of travelers (and FIT students).
I tried the cake pops and they are over rated.  "That's what Zoe said"
Very limited seating.
Buffalo boss is my favorite so far...and reppin ft greene!
In line for two hours so far; these wings better be worth it!
Excellent tacos in a Chinese take out restaurant. They have an A from the DOH and an A in my book
Enjoy the taco salad
Awesome service and great food. Perfect for a quick dinner.
The service is amazing. The couple behind the counter new my name immediately and are very friendly. The food is also fresh and well priced.
THE BEST. I stop here every time I get the chance. Pinto bean tacos with guacamole are killer. Tortillas are legit. Great service, great food, great price.
Friendliest staff in NYC!  Great food for the price!
Burritos are awesome!
Asians who serve mexican food? Amazing now I've seen it all- the take on food is delicious the price is right and everything about their food is great- chicken burrito bowl is amazing
This place is amazing. The food is super cheap, super fresh and super yummy!
YUM
Chicken + Steak burrito gives me the itis. :-/
Service ia really shitty
#2 and hardshell chili taco and chicken quesadilla = yum
tip well your food portions will become larger.
The Pinto Bean and cheese is just like being home in Texas
Excellent food!
Kimbab is made to order which means fresh. Comes with miso when you order kimbab too :) try beef kimbab n spicy tuna kimbab.. my favorite
No seating, so take your Korean sushi rolls to Greeley Square Park (6th Ave & 33rd St). Weather permitting.
Get the Spicy Tuna Kimbab. Hidden Gem Cheap eat.
Best Kimbap ever and I'm a connoisseur... Get the jalapeño and spicy tuna. The jalapeño is marinated in soy.
All their kimbap is $5-6 and all delish!  But I'd personally recommend the spicy squid one.
Healthy, filling, flavorful and cheap... the perfect lunch.
Love the spicy tuna kimbap!
Spicy tuna kimbab!
Disappointed with the squid kimbab. Too sweet and not spicy at all
Hidden cheap eats gem in NYC.
get the spicy tuna roll. Everything here tastes fresh and the price is right!
Not even close to authentic Thai food. More Chinese American than anything else.
99 cent ATM!!
Best stay. Really friendly and they always remember there regular customers so the line moves quicker.
Stay away from the rude black chick in the afternoons.  It pains her to do simple task like adding sugar to your coffee!!.  :(
The most miserable unfriendly staff on the planet. Won't be going back ever.
1/2 Dozen bagels are only $3 (the menu says 5.29)
The last time I ordered here my card number was stolen and used for a $500 purchase at Best Buy! Trust me, pay with cash!
If the pizza tasted a fraction as good as the smell they pump out of the store... Always a bait and switch.
Avoid this place for takeout.  The staff if rude, ignorant and ghetto.  The owner and Papa John's corporate should be ashamed of this location.
Good deals for pick ups! Walk around the corner and save yourself some cash as well as burn a few calories prior to your pizza indulgence.
You can find a coupon for basically any order!
Best pizza ever!! Eff Dominos gimme a Beef Pineapple & Green Peppers any day
Delivery guy forgot my soda but he came back and brought it
cozy. live jazz!! no cover.
French Bistro Brunch with live jazz all-year. In fact, live jazz all the time. Need I say more?
Excelente jazz, para disftutar de comida francesa. Chou chou salad... Recomendado
Live jazz every night; dim, candle-lit and cozy.
Sincretismo franco-americano-canadese per questo bistro che serve ottimi brunch, accompagnati da musica live | A mix of French/Canadian/American roots in this bistro: great brunch and live music
Moules frites - pas mal! Happy Bastille day!
Get their mussels! Live jazz is amazing here.
Great spot for jazz and totally acceptable French fare.  Escargots are a favorite, along with hanger steak.
Quente, gostoso, apertadinho e até que bem econômico "novaiorquemente" falando. O jazz é bom, mas muito perto da banda é ruim pra conversar.
Serves up French classics in a rollicking, music-filled underground space. After a dozen oysters and a bottle of Sancerre, you’ll be lip-synching along to "Je t’aime, moi non plus" in no time.
have dinner here during jazz hours.
Live jazz and good french coffee
Happy hour 5 to 730 cocktails $5 and imported beer $3.50 - in a cosy little club atmosphere with jazz playing, you can't go wrong!
Amex and cash only
Good jazz, drinks ok
Good jazz...ok drinks
Try the escargots!  Trés bons!
Good food, in a dark block of St Mark
The Steak Frites plate was great.. even the freedom fries were.
Great live music and moules frites!
Speak french all evening. Bien a d'hoc.
Just beer wine and sake licence but well executed. Nice cozy place. If you're calling for a table, make sure you request one upfront, where performances are, not in the back.
I love this place. The cassolette "tete de moine" makes you feel at home. ;-)
A truly authentic French Bisto nestled in the LES. Every night is live jazz playing adding to the classic ambiance of the place. The food is amazing & meticulously prepared to perfection. Bon Apetit!
Live Jazz each night and delicious French food at a moderate price. Definitely worth the visit.
French Toast is fantastic! Vraiment délicieux.
My favorite brunch place in east village. Keep coming on weekend. I love belinni as starter and then anything in the menu is really delicious. French toast is so great!
Awesome brunch. Antoinette Egg's benedict is TO DIE for.
Live music and fun place to get my daily dose of France!
Fun vibe, great beer, and the food is quite good. Service, on the other hand, can be hit and miss, especially when busy. Your mileage may vary.
Vegan pizza slices, whole wheat and spelt crusts, and even vegan ice cream! Oh my!!
Expected it to be better. Seitan slice wasn't bad...but I love all things seitan.
Serves both vegetarians and Vegans but their Vegan slices are so amazing that I don't know why anyone would order vegetarian.  Yum!
I don't love this pizza but it is at least healthy
Good pizza. Lots of vegan and healthier options. Super expensive. They sell half of the  pb bomb cake slice for 4.50...much cheaper at other places. Owner or manager when I was there is not so nice.
Good pizza. Super expensive. They sell
Great vegan pizza
Whole wheat spinach feta and red onion pizza heaven!!
Great for vegetarians- but my special slice ending up tasting & having the consistency as a slice of frozen Ellios pizza
Celiacs take note: "Besides regular white-flour crusts, the spot offers pizza foundations made from spelt and cornmeal, many vegan and topped with soy cheese."
Pesto pizza is my fave. Its more filling than it looks though. I'm usually a 2 slice guy, but I struggle to finish 1 pesto slice here. You've been warned :-)
Pesto cheese slice is awesome.
Vegan, gluten free pizza!? Brown rice crust, w broccoli. Super nom, with or without extra toppings. Que viva!
Get the picante slice, you won't be sorry
Try the Canja Hemp Pizza
Try the Pizza Margherita (via @Foodspotting)
gourmet slices are kinda steep but massive.  if theres better slices in east village i havent found it
A lot of stuff has onions and full-on garlic cloves, so don't make this a pre-date venue. Still, lots of great, healthy options--whole wheat and spelt crusts abound.
This is the pizza place my mom would create. Just come here. It's so what's up.
This is the healthiest pizza you can get - they have whole wheat, vegetarian, vegan, and lots of specialty gourmet pizzas and pastas...also offer whole wheat pasta and garlic knots!
Best hemp magic mushroom slice and biggest slices in town for the price.
The Zen slice is really good. But only eat it if you are going to be alone for a day or so. If you catch my drift.
Ladies & Gentlemen.. Now serving Daiya simple "cheese" whole wheat slices. HEAVEN!
Enjoy their daily 15% Off specials. 2 vegan/2 regular vegetarian choices. Tonight was the Magic Mushroom (Vegan) slice!
Nice check in
Try the California pizza. Normally I hate Olives but the combination worked so well together :-)
cash only :(
Omg: best pizza ever!
Order online with us on SeamlessWeb, GrubHub, Campusfood, and AllMenus!
Hidden gem - especially after Thursday Chelsea Galleries (via Scoville)
Also the cheese cake ain't half bad.
The Mediterranean salad w feta cheese and chicken or tuna is a dream.
Delivery is SUPER SLOW. Don't bother calling to check in on your wait, they just lie
Perfect crust. Made own pizza and got capers--awesome!
Slow service :( nice chicken/spinach soup, goog pizza, slow service, even when u want to pay and leave :(
Chicken parm, special chicken soup or minestrone.
This place has the best thin-crust pizza in NYC,as well as all popular Italian dishes that are served in generous portions. Their entree-sized salads are a welcome delight, as is the cafe. Beer and wi
Get the Messina pizza: smoked mozzarella, chicken, + spinach.
You can make a pizza even though the menu says you can't. Sub ricotta for mozzarella and have a healthier meal!
Get the Rigatoni Special! It's delish!!
Looks like the pizza would be great...don't be decieved...it's unfortunately flavorless
Better pizza than pasta and very good chiken parm YUM
Get to know these guys they'll make your order ahead of everyone else if they recognize you
Get the lamb on rice and have them add some falafel, good stuff for only $6.
breakfast in the morning is great. scambled eggs, cheese, turkey bacon and beef sausage on a croissant. Yum!
Thai curry mmm...
Not that many choices like the one in Atlanta but the staff was nice.  Try the protein hero.
protien quesadilla (not flour tortilla) no bell peppers!
Mac n cheese is amazing, the small one is still huge!
Steal the Internet from next door!
Delicious, raw and organic BluePrintJuice has been added to Loving Hut's tasty vegan menu. Yum!
Thai curry is the best, even my non veg/vegan friends love it. Also take it home and chill it for another type of great meal.
Wish they opened a little earlier for breakfast. They open at 9, but would do good business with the 8am rush. The ham and cheese breakfast sandwich is a steal!
Try the mac and cheese! It's amazing!
try the bagel breakfast with olives, scallion and tomato on it. nice.
Download Venmo so you can pay with your phone here. Unbelievably convenient.
Tastiest is the Thai curry with potatoes. It's quite a meal!
Happy Dumplings FTW!
DNR Feb 22 2012
I had the Tofu Scramble Platter; everything tasted great and filled me up for hours!
Crispy vegan burger with cheese. Hold the semi stale tortilla chips. Go with the side salad!
Try the protein quesadilla and add mushrooms! They use daiya cheese. Very small restaurant. Best for something quick!
Amazing vegan food!  No public restroom though. :(
Check your order for accuracy. Paid extra for vegan cheese on burger, later discovered it wasn't there.
If you're stuck in Midtown West and need to eat a quick, solid vegan meal...this is pretty much your only option, alas. And it's not so bad. Just ignore the cultish TV while you chow down.
for non-vegans and vegans alike, order the crispy vegan burger!
Protein hero on special today $4.99!
Apricot pumpkin cheesecake. Great place.
The vegan burgers are massive.
Try the chipotle Mac and cheese or the fried tofu...both were very tasty :-)
The chipotle Mac-and-cheese is absolutely amazing.
Now open for breakfast
The Tofu Salad with the their Ginger carrot dressing is out of this world!
The Thai Curry is delicious!
The Curry Burger is awesome!
Great selection of different kinds of Asian food. I totally recommend this place to eat or just chill with your folks
It's perfect for take away, fresh and yammy food
Upstairs & downstairs seating & restrooms on the top floor. Not your average food court! Someday I'll try the bacon kimchi steamed dumpling
Go here if you miss the mall.
Go to the top floor and check out the Asian-inspired dessert bar with fusion twists (specifically Thai) to cupcakes and more - at Spot Dessert Bar.
Try everything :)
A three story tower of pleasure. Get some weird nori rolls, bubbling crocks of chigae and noodles for any taste-cheap and fast. Winner Best of NYC Critics' choice for best food court.
You can charge your phone in the bathroom
Perfect for cheap, fast Korean food.
Amazing variety of Asian food with ample seating and clean bathrooms. Love that they have that new vendor serving Korean street food-dukbokki and soondae FTW!
Kimchi Buns are out of this world!!
Good place for any # of ppl
The kimchi buns. Nuff said.
From the month of October you can get 20% off at Red Mango with a food receipt. So go get dessert!
Great place to get Korean food and have room to eat with a group of friends. Don't forget to get some red mango!! It's self-serve so you can get tour froyo how you want it.
Every court is fine, except Korea House (한옥) which serves bibimbop. When I ordered bibimbop to go, they didn't give me any chopsticks and spoon, the side dish was frozen so that I can't even eat. DANM
Korean food court. Food is decent and not too $$$ for midtown. Multilevel seating and clean bathrooms a plus.
Love food sampling here
#19 ramen noodles with cheese and egg. Kinda spicy but Amazing.
amazing assortment of Asian style food, you will have to come back numerous times to actually enjoy the wide variety of food on offer
A good variety of frozen yogurt, my personal favorites are lemonade and green tea flavor.  Healthy and tasty!
It's sooooo loud in here because they blast the music. It does not need to be this loud.
Get Noodle 32's spicy salty kimchi with your meal!
Fast and quick asian food stall style food court.
BEST PLACE EVER. Self-serve Red Mango with a good range of flavors, mad cheap food, and a good place to just chill cuz they have a ton of seating. Just needs WiFi. P.S. They clear your tables for you.
The crepe station is closed permanently :(
You're in Korea Town, and in a hurry? This place offers a good variety of food, and they make it fast... and good!
Horrible service at red mango. Girl at cash register grills you down, super cheap with samples, fruits are sour and expired candy.
Love the spicy pork for a quick lunch! They need free wifi though
Jae yook dup bap from hanok was basically onion dup bap
get some bibimbap
For a quick & cheap bulgoki fix, it won't break the bank @ $10.99 for a small order w/ rice, banchan & soup.
Veggie bibimbop only $7.95 and their japchae is only $6.95 and very fresh.  No stole bowl but the stomach doesn't care, especially when on a budget.
Great selection of different kinds of Asian food. I totally recommend this place to eat or just chill with your folks
It's perfect for take away, fresh and yammy food
Upstairs & downstairs seating & restrooms on the top floor. Not your average food court! Someday I'll try the bacon kimchi steamed dumpling
Go here if you miss the mall.
Go to the top floor and check out the Asian-inspired dessert bar with fusion twists (specifically Thai) to cupcakes and more - at Spot Dessert Bar.
Try everything :)
A three story tower of pleasure. Get some weird nori rolls, bubbling crocks of chigae and noodles for any taste-cheap and fast. Winner Best of NYC Critics' choice for best food court.
You can charge your phone in the bathroom
Perfect for cheap, fast Korean food.
Amazing variety of Asian food with ample seating and clean bathrooms. Love that they have that new vendor serving Korean street food-dukbokki and soondae FTW!
Kimchi Buns are out of this world!!
Good place for any # of ppl
The kimchi buns. Nuff said.
From the month of October you can get 20% off at Red Mango with a food receipt. So go get dessert!
Great place to get Korean food and have room to eat with a group of friends. Don't forget to get some red mango!! It's self-serve so you can get tour froyo how you want it.
Every court is fine, except Korea House (한옥) which serves bibimbop. When I ordered bibimbop to go, they didn't give me any chopsticks and spoon, the side dish was frozen so that I can't even eat. DANM
Korean food court. Food is decent and not too $$$ for midtown. Multilevel seating and clean bathrooms a plus.
Love food sampling here
#19 ramen noodles with cheese and egg. Kinda spicy but Amazing.
amazing assortment of Asian style food, you will have to come back numerous times to actually enjoy the wide variety of food on offer
A good variety of frozen yogurt, my personal favorites are lemonade and green tea flavor.  Healthy and tasty!
It's sooooo loud in here because they blast the music. It does not need to be this loud.
Get Noodle 32's spicy salty kimchi with your meal!
Fast and quick asian food stall style food court.
BEST PLACE EVER. Self-serve Red Mango with a good range of flavors, mad cheap food, and a good place to just chill cuz they have a ton of seating. Just needs WiFi. P.S. They clear your tables for you.
The crepe station is closed permanently :(
You're in Korea Town, and in a hurry? This place offers a good variety of food, and they make it fast... and good!
Horrible service at red mango. Girl at cash register grills you down, super cheap with samples, fruits are sour and expired candy.
Love the spicy pork for a quick lunch! They need free wifi though
Jae yook dup bap from hanok was basically onion dup bap
Get the number 19 noodle soup with cheese from noodle 32.
Delicious lychee martini - this place is always a fun time!
Awesome atmosphere, and the red and white sangria are really good. The staff is great-- a girlfriend and i got free malibu shots when we went on a slow night.No more happy hour tho.
The drinks are really good. Red sangria, lychee mojito, and white sangria yummyyyy. Next time will come for happy hour
Don't come here if you have an out of state driver's license. I'm 24 w/ a perfectly valid DL and they would not let me in.
Their takoyaki is actually quite well!
A sexy and swanky karaoke lounge – check out their work week happy hour from 6-8pm and enjoy 50% off your “Tokyo Ice Tea” or “U-Go-Girl” cocktails.
The Poison cocktail is to die for... It's also very sweet.
Late night karaoke!
Come here during Happy Hour! 50% off your entire bill from 6pm-8pm!
A very hip upscale looking lounge... a great place to mingle.
Geisha , fire scallop roll, fried calamari are the best...!
Hmm...Absolut, Jameson, Svedka...but no TY KU. Demand it today! #iwantmytyku
The fried chicken was really good.
Mango & Yogurt Soju was the best. Try the sampler combo. It all comes out to $35.
When they re-open in May 2012, you have to stop in and get a delicious Green Tea Latte with an AMAZING ho-dduk!
Ho-dduk is excellent! Korean pancake stuffed with brown sugar and walnut filling. Warm, gooey, soft, crunchy and not too sweet. It's like a Korean style sticky bun. Very comforting!
Try the 계삼탕  (via @Foodspotting)
Not the best location but it's in K-Town, amazing food!!!!!!!!!!! Omg so good!
Most authentic Korean BBQ in the city!
The staff was RUDE. When I ordered something that wasn't barbecue, they gave me attitude and acted considerably colder.
No bueno.  Go across the street to kum gang san.
Lot's of 반찬 (side dishes)! They also have 알탕 here!
Best Korean BBQ in the area but be prepared to leave with your clothes stinking.
Kkori gom tang is the best here (oxtail soup)The sam gye tang is also the best I've had in ktown
Beef, pork, short rib, beef dumplings, kimchi pancake
The kimchee is spot on, and the best yook gae jang I've had in the city.
bibimbab and beef soup are great, good floor staff.
Among all the Korean restaurants, this is my personal favorite for dolsot bibimbahb. It's called gobdol bibimbahb here though. Ask for the sesame oil and gochujjang.
filet mignon medallions were delicious and a full meal
Yummy carrot cake except the raisins
Don't sit in the front of the restaurant..there have been two cabs that ran up onto the sidewalk in the area
Good healthy eats!
The veggie omelet is my favorite dish here. Un-fried rice is pretty good too.
Josie’s Breakfast Burrito allows me to start my day off right! Made with protein, whole wheat pita, fresh veggies, and a whole lot of love!
The food was good but the service was terrible. Definitely won't be returning.
Ask for an espresso martini. It's not on the menu but the bartender will make one and it's amazing!
The Frozen Three-Berry Yogurt Pie is so good.  I'll go back just for that.
First things first:  the complimentary bread.  I love a good selection, and the corn bread was out of this world.  As far as a main course, I ordered the Scottish Salmon.  It was cooked perfectly.  De
The juice bar was great, where they mixed different vegetables together in one unique drink. I also had the portabella mushroom burger was good too. I am not much of a veggie eater either but liked it
The menu is amazing and healthy, the warm atmosphere compliments the quaint residential areas in which the restaurant sits. The tuna wasabi burger is by far the best thing on the menu. - Jill
Don't get the iced tea. It's watered down, $4.75/glass and no refills.
Great all natural beef and fish
Great vegetarian and healthy Asian fusion fare.  Stir fries are fabulous.
Always forget the fucking pineapples!
Overpriced. Better off going to a deli for same quality of food at a cheaper price.
Popular lunch-time "to-go" destination for grabbing a quick salad, panini, pizza, soup or fudge brownie. The salads are a bit on the high end ($).
Great little place to grab a quick bite to eat
Try the pancakes!
Great breakfast place with good simpler options for Europeans. Also features great American classics. Large portions!!
Basic panini, sandwich, salad & soup joint. A bit pricey but always fresh. Not worth going out of the way but if you are in the area and don't want to go into the crowed mess of Grand Central is great
Unlimited toppings on a salad! Best priced salad!
$2.99 Bacon Egg & Cheese is a great way to start the day
Free foot long on April 16th buy one get one free
Keep an eye on what they put on your sandwich, they're not really listening to you
Get the roastbeef sandwich with only the meat heated up in the microwave. on wheat with baby spinach, green pepper, black olives and brown mustard. Don't forget oil and salt&papper
Love that I only have to spend 5 bucks to use my debit/credit card. Oh and they let me call my orders in and pick it up!
grandma slice. or better yet--whole grandma pizza
I order an off-menu hero with meatballs, fresh mozzarella, broccoli rabe, and a little marinara. Dynamite!
Hot dog was okay but the sweet corn with the mexican cheese was yummy!
Love the location but very mediocre cheddarwurst for $7. Skip Bark and get a bratwurst for the same price (and 10x more delicious) at the Standard Biergarten instead.
Hot dogs and hamburgers on the High Line.
Get the cheddarwurst. It's a sausage with cheese in it, more or less self-recommending.
Self-service fixins bar.
Good pizza a little pricy
Neither the cheapest nor the best slice joint around, Pronto doesn't really occupy a solid niche.
Try the fois gras
$6 salads with up to 5 toppings trumps Cafe Metro across the street.
Sausage pizza (drool)
Expensive and not that great
Pizza was just ok - not great, not terrible.  More importantly, the pizza is not in the style typical to NYC.  My recommendation is to eat elsewhere.
Eat the meatball pizza. Amazing
The pizza sucks and they overcharge for the sicilian.
This used to be better... Now it doesn't hold up to good New York pizza.
Put your own oild and vinegar on the salad, to avoid an excess.
Eat somewhere else...
Chicken parm pizza = awesome
$7 pizzias now on menu.
Always stick to the $5 footlongs
They have a friendly breakfast staff and they carry egg whites
Any Subway that has spinach and friendly service is rare... Here they have both!
The big problem here is that they have no sweet peppers. :(
Get a Subway card and enjoy a free sub once every 5 or 6 visits
A little small, but the service is good, and the staff is very nice.
The spicy guac prepared tableside is ridic amazing. Do yourself a favor. So. Good.
Get the guacamole!
Don't stray from the drinks menu
Order the skinny bitch margarita to save on carbs/sugar...
Ja estive!!! rsrsrsrsrsrs
prepare to get your ass kick by a single margarita... no matter who you are. it will getcha ;)
How did this bachelorette central?! No, no, no on a Saturday night
2 bachelorette parties and more hoochies than you can handle in a single night. Next margarita please!
Try the Rio Grande margaritas - you only need one ;)
Get the guac. Immediately.
Awesome margheritas!!!!
The margaritas are infused with bath salts. Get weird like zombies.
This place has great food, especially the steak tacos and pomegranate margaritas
I once drank 7 Rio Margs and lived to tell about it. True story.
Texas girl gives 2 thumbs up!This place is just too delicious. Great food and margaritas!
These margs are lethal
Try not to have strawberry margaritas dumped on your dress pants...an absolute bitch to get out.
Two words.  Steak nachos.
This place sucks. Flour tortillas for enchiladas, burned the chicken and it wasn't shredded,  and burned the steak in the steak tacos (also a yucky flour tortilla)
If you see me here during daylight, please do not tell my boss!
Strong ass margaritas! Steak nachos are killer!   Sing Duran Duran's Rio and get free dessert. After 2 margaritas you'll be singing the whole album!
Great Margaritas, sub par service.
Margaritas will knock you on your ass. Drink half as many as you would anywhere else.
The blood orange margarita is amazing....and killer!
Only have  one of those frozen margaritas. You won't feel it right away but you will be ^#$%^$ up!
try and walk after two margaritas
again - does the trick.
Get the chicken queso fundidos. They make it for you tableside so you can feel bougy like Los Man
Great margaritas!!
Try the guacamole- to die for!
They have some of the best smoothies, salads and sandwiches in town. Plus they are very friendly.
For $5.95, the Tasty Smoked House sandwich is a must.. 
This place was great! I higly recommend it! Especially their sesame samon, sesame ginger salad, and noodle. Alaskan Coho Salmon.
Service is excellent.  Tuna melt, egg salad, breakfast sandwiches, muffins are terrific.
for breakfast / lunch of quick ready to go brunch you can't go wrong!.. even the oat meal is better them most places!
Fast and friendly service - They make you feel welcomed here! Definitely worth coming back
Try the Cheese Quesadillas! Nom nom nom
I absolutely love this place. It's clean, the food is great and the people that work there are very nice. It's rare to find a nice deli spot in NY, but Tasty is one of them.
Mmmmmm buttermilk pancakes! :-)
Great staff and lots of options. Perfect before services at Madison Ave Baptist Church Sunday At 11am.
Yogurt & granola parfait is yummy
They have a really good veggie burger. It can get dry. I prefer mine with lettuce and tomatoes - to keep it a healthy option. You might want to try with cheese and of course fries.
great black and white cookies
Best Veggi burger in Murray Hill
This place is delish and everyone who words here is really nice and happy. Rare for a deli.
Came all the way from AZ. Best cafe around
Cheapest salad in the hood
Friday is mac and cheese day.
good oj. No pork products here so their "bacon" is turkey bacon.
Really yummy soup! Lunch special - medium soup & half sandwich for under 8 bucks. Good deal for midtown
Chipotle turkey panini rocks!
Best fresh squeezed  OJ in midtown! Super friendly staff and great b'fast. :-)
Salad creation is great. A small fills up a big guy like me and it's really healthy
Bacon is not real pork.
Excellent BBQ chicken quesadilla! Plus dink and chips around $11.00
Try their quiche!
The Fondue is a Must! But definitely keep some space for the chocolate fondue!! With the little Madeleine - they were my favorite
Try to get a table in the cheese cave - atmospheric and private
The service is terrible and the food is average. Avoid.
Make a reservation and sit the cheese cave if you can!  The cheesecake is my favorite!
The Gouda fondue was excellent but the food wasn't very flavorful. Our waiter (Elias from Algeria) treated us like second class citizens.
French food in Murray hill... interesting!
Murray Hill: Enjoy this cozy brasserie right on Park Ave., and make your reservation right on OpenTable!  $12.50 fruit mimosas $13.50 – $32 brunch items
Amazing fondue !! Pretty expensive but really excellent food.. Beware they charge extra if u order more apples.
Blood orange jalapeño margarita is as amazing as it sounds. For cheese, try the Feisty Redhead tasting with the wine pairing.
They should really remind people before they seat them that they don't serve beignets on weekdays!!
I still daydream about the Filet Mignon. $38 and you'll never forget it.
My favorite restaurant in NYC!
Tender, succulent, and flavorful octopus platter was the best I've ever had! :)
The house onion soup is heavenly!
A good lunch deal
Try the Foie Gras (via @Foodspotting)
Winner of Artisanal Grilled Cheese Contest 2012 is Lizz Spano the "Drunken" Raclette! 10% of all sales generated from the "Drunken" Raclette will be going to Animal Care & control of NYC.
Who will be taking home today #ArtisanalGCC 2012 title...stay tuned
In honor of #NationalGrilledCheeseDay @Artisanal Bistro offering FREE tastes of our grilled cheese TODAY from 5- 7pm with a purchase of a drink at our Bar only.http://t.co/2BdZQeIk
Make a reservation, I'm waiting for your call...
Let the bartender choose your wine and cheese!
Fondue + anything else for brunch = amazing start to the weekend!
Find yourself whisked away to the French countryside with the choices at this Fromagerie?  Pair your cheese selection with a Bordeaux wine and immerse yourself in the finer things in life.
Come with Caco.... Yum yum
Seen on Best Thing I Ever Ate and a personal favorite!
Soup & sandwich on a rainy day. Quality ingredients expertly prepared but you definitely pay for it. Inc glass of red wine & 20% tip $40 (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
A three course meal - all cheese. Need I say more.
Bar is perfect for late night wine & cheese after a show. Ask for the full cheese menu, or have the fromagier put a plate together with his recommendations.
The fondu is a little disappointing for French people... Not enough quantity and mix of cheeses was a little bland to my taste. But the "assiette de charcuterie" is really good.
Trout looks good
Pretty good Marghertia slice for $2.50. Stave off that hunger waiting for Momofuku with a slice and a $4 beer
One of my favorite slices in New York
Former location of Five Roses Pizza, scene of the infamous Frogger episode of Seinfeld!
Gets the art of the hero right--perfect balance, crusty bread and cooked just right!
Perfect grandma slice!
My search for pizza and beer brought me here.
better than I expected. check it out.
Come and support this delicious place!! The flavors are authentic and its pretty cheap!!!  A rare find and not obnoxiously trendy :)
This is a pizza place... why is it listed as a Dive Bar?
Affordable Italian American fare, does the job
New meals coming on 6/4/12!
Try the fresh fruit! Great!
The chicken tikka masala is excellent!
#lacolombe coffe! If you get it by the lb. ask how much! The guy makes it up as he goes along. 1 lb. for $15 and 1/2 lb. for $10?
Fideos negros, steak for 2, fried Brussels sprouts with Meyer lemon yogurt, rice pudding with membrillo. The black fig infused bourbon is exceptional, too (and 100 proof - yowza).
Baked goat cheese. ORDER IT.
Amazing tapas. Close your tab using Tabbedout!
salinas é tudo de bom um paraiso natural!!!
retractable roof. all the rage.
rosejat rapida, langostinos al ajillo
For brunch, get a pitcher of sangria and the Bikini A La Plancha, soooo good!
suckling pig
@nymag best of ny - suckling pig
This sucks actually its good.
Recommended dishes: Crujiente mahonés, shrimp with garlic, jamón Ibérico, braised tripe, pumpkin-and-chicken soup, poached octopus, rosejat rápida, grilled chicken, suckling pig, torrija caramelizada.
Do not order food in the lounge. Horrible sevice, painfully slow.
Amazing tapas and a super creative coktail menu.  Good stuff.
Housemade Sangria, Veal Cheeks, Langostines, Bacon-Wrapped Quail, Sea Bass, Passion Fruit Con Leche - gastronomic heaven #EpicureCHiC
Try the Rosejat Rápida—a paella riff made with short noodles instead of rice—which incorporates poached chicken, chorizo and briny cockles. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011.
Excited for tapas
The name “Salinas” is an homage to the areas along the Mediterranean Sea where salt is harvested. This translates into tapas like fried shishito peppers and mussels in a wine and smoked paprika sauce.
Cucumbertini...
A chic indoor-meets-outdoor haunt with great small plates and large plates like suckling pig w/grilled apricots.
Loved this spot both for its food and ambiance. Highly recommend if you like Spanish foods or are willing to try them! I had the country bread and calamari salad. Both were very good and filling!
Salinas Restaurant Basque-MED-Balearic influenceGreat TAPAS and full list of wines from the Basque region. Intimate and fantastic dine alfresco. More @ CarlosMeliaBlog.com
The Paella is a MUST it was Devine not your typical paella at all. Hounding regret it squid ink mixed with the rice gives it the best flavor.
Cover your nose when the overpowering jasmine scents take over the place. Not a fan.
The Spanish joint has a San Sebastian native in the kitchen making everything from small plates like Iberico ham on toasted bread & garlicky head-on shrimp to bigger, sharable portions.
Order the shrimp and the clams.
Late night snack (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It wasn't my favorite place in the world, but I loved it! My first trip to New York City!
It's a Chelsea staple - friendly staff and can accommodate a large party at a moments notice.
I eat here all the time.  Best food value in New York.  Best atmosphere.  Andreus is a doll. They treat you like family. :)
try the steak salad MR... it's pretty damn good... don't worry about too much dressing bc the juicy steak will dress it enough
Skip the breakfest burrito
Honestly- it's my favorite restaurant in NYC. They know my name, they remember my favorite Bfast... I've lived in Chelsea for 10 years and couldn't imagine my life here w/o The Dish. It's my kitchen.
The wait staff is definitely not happy being here and doesn't listen when you order. Lovely.
Skip the chicken quesadilla grande special. It's a skimpy plate.
Love it here! Food is great and Andres is amazing!
Great for that after-doctor pick-me-up
great value for what you pay... always leave nourished and full
Great people watching and zing twin turkey cheeseburger
4 egg white ranchero omelette is a must!
Ask to be seated on the 2nd floor and ask for Dionisio. BEST WAITER EVER HANDS DOWN.
My partner and I get a bowl of soup each then split the meal because of portion size. Great place!
Try the blueberry pancakes.  See pic.
Service is terrible tonite. Waiter more interested in chatting around.
Yummy and cheap, big menu! Every time I come here there's a lot of food for the money! Service is very friendly for everybody.
... ask for a table upstairs (feels like a private dining room) ...
Like a diner with a bar. Beware the Greek Goddess, tastes like cough syrup
My favorite place to eat!  It's like the gay Cheers. The atomosphere is so inviting and the home cooking is just like Mom's (if she could cook, I mean).  - Mike Ruiz, The A-List: New York
Rockin good burger. Pretty cheap too.
blackened chicken pasta w/ penne al freddo and sun dried tomatoes (not on the menu, but you can create it) is awesome!  Don't be overwhelmed by the 'dictionary' of a menu.
I second the Ultimate Dutch Treat! Smoooooooooooth!
Breakfast buritto is my fav
The milkshakes are fuckawesome; the music, thus far, is fuckawful.
Enjoy a hearty dinner to replenish after a good workout at the gym.
You must try the "Ultimate Dutch Treat" drink, trully a treat, but dangerous if having more than one! :)
Average espresso. I'll keep hunting. We'll call it a 6 outta 10. Starbucks is 0, just remember that.
I'm drinking decaf and not feeling the slightest bit deprived. Flavor is so good!  (also I like the way it sounded when the barista called me sweetheart.)
blueberry muffins are a must
Best place for black coffee! Great taste, French press brewed!
VANILLA LATTE > then any other latte
Best coffee in midtown east
Best coffee on east side of midtown.  Try shot in the dark or Crakacino.
Good coffee, good price and fewer chino UN-types (like me) that mist placed in area
Don't get too complicated at this place.  They only do the basics ok
Closed on the weekends! Great coffee though.
the espresso was ok, but you can find better ones in machiato and aroma espresso bar, which aren't far..
the espresso was ok, but you can find better ones in machiato and aroma espresso bar, which aren't far..
A Shot in the Dark will have you bouncing off the walls for hours
aside from great coffee.. awesome staff!
Get the Frosty Joe "Turtle" flavor (peanut butter and chocolate) tastes good skim too
Best coffee around the UN. Amazing staff
The iced coffee is BANANAS.
Have your drink to stay and learn a little bit about coffee. You won't regret it.
Best coffee in Midtown. Awesome staff.
Good coffee in Midtown is tricky.  I love Macchiato on 44th, but this is my new fav
Best coffee on the block. From my home state of GA.
Best coffee in the area
The steak is great! Tiramisu was also awesome. Check in with yelp to get a free glass of wine.
If you go there tip Natalia well. She's awesome!
New juices menu coming soon! We are putting together a really nice selection/recipes of organic fruits and veggies to add to your favorite brunch in the west village
Great Verdicchio white sangria with organic grapes, apples, blackberry, blueberry, oranges and strawberry!
Poor service, rude waiters. 2 hours in and only to get the wrong meal..
Not that much food for the money. Im stilll hungry
Horrific service. No drinks 15 min after ordering them. Too many other solid places in this neighborhood to waste time here.
The tagliatelle pasta with pesto and shrimp was so delicious I had to stop myself from asking for a spatula to clean the plate.
The gnocchi is a straight-up "YES!"
our waiter was very nice, but the service was slow and the food not good. Sorry. I'll never come back.
Brand new amazing cocktail menu! Its a must try
Try the organic wines!
Best west village Italian I've had in a while.
Organic Wines only at Organika
Little place with a great, cozy atmosphere. Super nice bartender and delicious food!
Service is terrible.  Food is OK but will come for an early dinner when staff won't be distracted so easily.
Worst.  Service. Ever.
Sit on the patio if you want horrible service
Another delicious spot using local and fresh ingredients to create a lovely menu. We recommend the Positano Panini or the Bianca pizza. Check your bill before leaving, the tip is usually included.
Amazing food! Mario, the chef, is great. And you can meet him, the kitchen is open. Love it!
Ciao, this small Italian restaurant offers freshly made pasta at around $25 per person. Unfortunately the organic sauces & appetizers could not save my meal from lack luster service.
The food was good, but watch out: they include a 18.5% tip in your check. Mandatory tips goes completely against their purpose.
The "Gnocchi alla Sorrentina" are very good! As well as the Bruschette. Yum!
Monday night: 40 cents wings. I dont need to say more.
Tina is the best bar tender
An abundance of Baha Men
They have Mama's Little Yella Pils... on tap!
ThIs place is the shit! If you don't know, you don't know
I got a Tip! Remember to TIP Your Bartender!!!!!
Feel like a Garden Stater in NYC...order a Pork Roll, Egg and Cheese...
“Forty-cent wings and $3 pints of Sam Adams and Sam Seasonal all night long on Mondays – beer me Barrow Street.” More info at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/barrow-street-ale-house.
It's the TOTS
Wings and Sam specials for Monday night football! Even better, get the tots!
for some reason i always have cider when i'm here. they serve it on ice.
This should be a staple for anyone looking for a cold beer and good bar food.  Come on Tuesdays for $3 drafts to wash down your Buffalo Wings or Buffalo Shrimp.
The mustard that comes with the hot pretzels is amazing.
I love this place on Sunday afternoons
Great local relaxed vibe for a beer. Bathroom tip: bring a step stool for the papertowels!
Whether you're a regular or a walkin, the staff is sure to make your experience negative. But the drinks are good and the wings are cheap so you'll tolerate it.
Smallest. Fucking. Bathroom stalls. Airplanes are like open fields in comparison.
Stop by Sundays, it's not to busy and the staff is amazing.
10 dollar Red Stripe beers. Totally not worth the cost. Make sure you ask before you order.
Unless ur wardrobe is sweaters over the collared shirt and ur from Connecticut, you prob won't like this place. Lame but legit beer selection.
Alexis is the bomb!!
Veggie chili is homemade with lots of tasty veggies -- order it on your nachos!
PHOTO: In 1975, 30 year old Bette Midler lived right down the street at 36 Barrow!  Click "More Info" and check out this classic pic of Bette outside her West Village pad.
Whatever you order get the tater tots as a side. Life changing.
First time here? GOTTA try the tater tots
They discriminate against injured ande crippled people
Deanna has the nicest smile in town:)
Amy is a great bartender.  She knows her stuff and is very good with customers
40 cent wings on Mondays
Three words: basement buck hunter
Really good oatmeal
Recession specials here! Best baked goods in town.
24/7 good variety sparkling clean bodega/deli
You can buy CEW award-winning Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 Advanced Anti-Aging Body Wash Deep Penetrating Moisture here.
Try the skirt steak.
the chinola is crazy delicious. & 3 course brunch with unlimited mimosas on Sundays. 10-3p
Dominican breakfast...extremely hearty.
great food and service. Friendly waitresses.
My food review: the tostones arrived 20 minutes after my meal, they're too hard and dry...chicken was RAW, rice like they cooked it 2 days ago, maduros, no maduro enough...pineapple juice too sweet!!
Recently renovated. Nice atmosphere and good food
Great mangu.  Too bad it's always cold. Reheat please.
Lunch special is available all day and is the best in the hood.  They've also just remodeled so I may come back to sit and eat. It's so cute now.
If you're here for breakfast ask for the mangu con los tres golpes (eggs, fried sausage, and fried cheese) a bit salty but still pretty great!
Love their Cuban sandwiches!
Great service...great food...great great great!
They deliver: 212.862.4053. caridad145.com. Excellent food, fair prices.
Try the chicken and maduros.
Señoritas (pastries) for $1. What a deal!
They close at 10pm, but clean ze jucer @9:30pm so don't play yourself ;p
cheap hibachi food but delicious, service is kind of slow, and be ready to drink lots of SAKI!
Love this spot.  The food is good, the staff is courteous.  Do the hibachi and ask for Bumble Bee as your chef!
So good. Try their Panang curry chicken
Go Hibachi style if you have a sense of humor
Sushi lunch special is tasty and affordable! I recommend the tuna avocado roll.
horrible padtai ! I didn't know it could be bad like that !! my friend had flat noodle which was really bad too. sushi was ... okay. overall price for dinner time is too much for their food
The food is ok at best..
Best service and the sweetest staff! Saturday brunch is empty and fabulous.
Be sure to not be place near the back, when deliveries come, they are not concerned about their customers freezing. Nothing special about this place or the service.
Awesome food welcome to the neighborhood.
Take it from me baby I know hibachi places and this place is fucking great!
The lunch specials are a great deal!
The hibachi chefs, service, and food are great!!
2 Medium pies with one topping each for $14.99
Very good makeover in here
This place is getting cheaper and cheaper with their servings.
They have some banging dominican Food, i would recommended the rice with Brand and steak... They also have churrasco for a good price
It's all good until the lunch rush
Try their plates, although a little on the expensive side, but there are really good
Laffas are awesome and even if you think you can't eat the whole thing in one sitting, it's still great to have the other half for another meal....
Steak lafa is the best!
chetzi chetzi!
gifts are better!
The people that work here are awesome. One of my favorite places to be.
Perfect Oatmeal is a perfect match to a grande Americano on a sunny Saturday morning
Try the pumpkin spice
Love Sara and Jen! They rock!
SB staff should take care of cleaning tables and the outdoor space
The Baristas are really nice to everyone, even during the rushes...They make the best Iced Caramel Macchiato around!
Please clean up after yourselves!!! Or else the baristas will sing to u...
Nice outdoor section to relax, sit back, read the paper and drink your latte.
I got a free drink here for being a Iraq War vet.
Try soy milk cappuccino, my favorite..
The baristas are fast, diligent, and kind
My favorite bread of theirs is the curry bread. It's s spicy yet a little sweet. Everyone that goes there must try it.
DeliciousMelon Pan Pack!
Must have Rosemary Chicken Sandwich! Taste great!
best clam chowder!
Great coffee and fantastic pastries, baked fresh. Yum!
Smothies!!!!!
There Brown Sugar & Fruit Oatmeal Hand's Down Is The Best... Pick Me Up In The Morning's
I am liking my strawberry blast but it is a small and it was over 4 dollars....these will be a once every few weeks kind of treat....
Great donuts! But if het one of their milkshakes, you better be near a toilet :-/
With so many new places in Inwood offering healthy food choices, it's good to know I still have other options like Dunkin Donuts and their food products. Yum!
They always burn my croissant -_-
Lively & friendly & great donuts
For Valentine's Day they have heart shaped donuts with filling. The white donut is boston cream & the chocolate is strawberry Jelly
if you come here in the afternoon tell Dolly to smile.
Speak Spanish with the front counter staff. If you impress them, you may get some free extra donut holes.
Speak Spanish with the front counter staff. If you impress them, you may get some free extra donut holes.
Closed now :( fun while it lasted
Great fresh Mexican food. A little on the pricey side, but worth a visit.
Service is slow.
Okay food, but not remotely worth what they charge for it. Live mariachi band was obnoxious, loud and hustling for tips.
The best guacamole in the world.
Amazing guacamole
Excellent frozen margaritas. Good food but overpriced!
WAY OVER PRICED for just meh food.
Fresh guacamole!!!
Try the Chillaquiles (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Huevos rancheros (via @Foodspotting)
Adrian Leon deftly introduces nontraditional ingredients and ambitious flavor combinations into the mainly Mexican menu. Savor: Guacamoles - Traditional, Enchiladas Suizas, Tacos - Carne Asada.
Try the Chilaquiles (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Short Ribs Chipotle Hash and Fried Eggs (via @Foodspotting)
The Sangria and French Toast during brunch are AMAZING!
OMG. The Sangria. Incredible.
Try guacamole for appetizers. Made fresh from scratch, it will melt in your mouth. Then follow up with tongue tacos
Celebrating my cousin's birthday at her favorite place. Not happy though that they gave our reservation to others who CLAIMED to have reservations.
Recommended dishes: Tacos with braised tongue or grilled shrimp, seafood enchiladas, chilaquiles, pork chop, herb-roasted chicken, pan-seared fish, agua fresca of the day.
Amazing huarache and skirt steak! Though my fav is the calamari salad
French toast was delicious!
Great guac, ceviche, tacos, room, everything...
The vegetarian burrito isn't on their regular menu, but just ask for it. It's amazing and cheap.
Great food at a great price. Extremely pleasant waiter sealed the experience
Great enchiladas!
Definitely the best burrito in the neighborhood, and one of the best vegie burritos we've had anywhere.
Huge cockroach was chilling on the dining table. Of course that was after I placed my order. GROSS!
They fry ALL their food in LARD, if you're not a pork or LARD eater, I'd suggest u eat elsewhere...
If u want food at any hrs of da day, this is the spot but do not go there during the day
2day they sucked!! no ranch dipping sauce for the new dippin chicken, no bbq sauce, no fries or mac n cheese and no sprite. Oh forgot to mention no 2 piece/3 piece special =/ I'll starve next time lol
Long lines every day in the summer as well as Friday, Saturday & Sundays! The panhandler who opened te door refuses a piece of chicken... He wanted spare change only.
How they don't have any breast, really
It's freaky how you can smell their chicken 3 blocks away
If you are in a rush don't eat here!!! They are slow as H3Ll
8 pieces of chicken for 5 bucks!!!!!
So rude! Hate them! Lotto is all they care about
Try the kabab with rice, too too delicious
Get the meatball sandwich
Yemen Tea is classic. Don't leave without trying the Shawarma and Saltah
Very nice and clean restaurant. Loved the curry chicken and the Lamb with Hummus and Pita bread. Make sure you also try the Samosas!
Feel like you’re in Damascus while dining at this authentic middle eastern spot.  Try the Curry Chicken (#21) with a Yemen Tea.
BEST Yemen tea!!!! I'm in love :-)
Try the kabab with rice, too too delicious
Get the meatball sandwich
Yemen Tea is classic. Don't leave without trying the Shawarma and Saltah
Very nice and clean restaurant. Loved the curry chicken and the Lamb with Hummus and Pita bread. Make sure you also try the Samosas!
Feel like you’re in Damascus while dining at this authentic middle eastern spot.  Try the Curry Chicken (#21) with a Yemen Tea.
BEST Yemen tea!!!! I'm in love :-)
Blah stay away from the baconator lol
Allpoint & Co-op Network surcharge-free ATM
Dollar McChickens ftw
Waited in drive-thru line for 15 min... (only 4th car!)
Just go inside. The drive through is slow as molasses
Panhandlers hang out near drive-through asking for the change you've just been given by cashier.
The service here is appallingly bad. Even by McDonald's standards.
Prepare yourself for limited parking at times.
It took longer to get your order from the external window service than inside!
The fruit and maple oatmeal  is no joke
The crew is real Damn cranky after 1am! Damn, I just wanted a salad!
They have a drive-through.  Which would otherwise be unremarkable except this is NYC baby.
McDonald's expands delivery
Double check your receipt & change the chick at the counter attempts to pocket it . #failed
These guys can take 2 hours to make my ham and cheese. I don't care, they're sweethearts!
This is the best Dunks in the heights.
If you are behind someone who orders a sandwich, leave. It will take forever.
Don't come here in a hurry
Cookies. That's pretty much it. This is your Mayor speaking!
Needs more seats!
They take good care of you.
This show is super cute and funny too :)
Find Red Bull to the right! :-)
Best sandwiches ever!
Mmm u Got to trY the raspberry Iced Latte with whip cream & caramel on the top u wiLL ♥ it
I love the hot caramel Latte.
Can't go wrong with a hot chocolate!
Great food. Horrible service. There was a fly in my champagne glass and the server said he would filter it out. He didn't offer a fresh glass. Manager was also not helpful. I will not be back.
Lychee martinis are good for a sip but so much sugar and you taste NO alcohol.. meaning ur very drunks, without noticing and bad hangover tomorrow. Stick vodka on the rocks.
Very nice atmosphere and delicious food and i recommend the lettuce wrap but i'm not sure if it's the exact order name;s
go before 7 and get the prix fixe "theatre menu" - a steal
Squab with lettuce, chicken satay, crispy beef, green shrimp...all amazing.
One of the most famous and recognizable dishes over the past few decades in New York City are the Mr Chow Noodles at Mr. Chow. In fact, the Chow Noodles ($18) are so highly revered...
The lychee martini is to die for!!
Great lychee martini and latino staff (the rest make it clear they're being paid to be there!)
NEW YORK:  For over 30 years food legend Michael Chow has served high-end Chinese cuisine via Italian waiters, accompanied by French wine and without a chopstick in sight
Vegetable steam dumplings. My faves   Yum
Great service. The Dumplings (for celebration) are really good!
Bad service, great place.
The "velvet chicken" is better -- and less difficult to eat -- than the name implies.
It's Mr Chow! Dont Gt it twisted
Food was okay. Not what I expected . I take it that Tuesday night is not the popping night to go but definitely a nice spot for a birthday celebration with the love of your life . Happy Bday Jocey
Classy service, great ambiance and delicious food.  Try the peking duck, the squab or the fried rice.  Great place to impress a date.
the service is amazing, best leechi martinis and the vegetarian lettus things are really good
get the crunchy seaweed!
pretty good options for a 3 course meal @ $35 during restaurant week..  go for the green mini prawns!!
I love Mr. Chow on 57th street. I stop there just to get a little bit of my Asia fix from time to time. -Lorie Karnath, Explorers Club
Greasy, expensive,  full of attitude. Have fun without me!
Order the chicken satay, the squab lettuce wraps, and any bottle of wine from the fabulous wine list!
Only on wed and Fridays ...
The best gyro in town! Walk past all the other gyro carts. It's worth it. Yum!
This guy was pretty cool! Open 24hrs, moves across the street time to time, and the Lamb and Chicken over rice were AWESOME!
Maya is better.
The guacamole and blackberry three milk cake are both amazing.
Make sure you try the popular dessert Tres Leches de la Casa and the house special, the pomegranate margaritas.
Little know fact: half price margaritas and apps at the bar during happy hour.
Caroline is a really cool bartender and their late happy hour is pretty kickin'. Food's great too!
My favourite Mexican in Ny. LOVE there guacamole and frozen margaritas.
Hands down the BEST guacamole in the city ... In the USA!!!
Try one of our signature Pomegranate Margaritas!
Guacamole is to die for. Churros is a must.
Guacamole is amazing. Got the steak and onions for entree which was also amazing. Would definitely come back.
If God had a favorite food, it would definitely be their guacamole.
Love the pomegranate margaritas!
Guacamole is to die for, margaritas are almost worth what they cost (ie great), food is good but pricey.
Outstanding!!! Sopa de Tortilla was super as well as the Shrimp Brochette.
NYC [Eat] Our favorite Rosa in the city. The intimate, cozy atmosphere is paired perfectly with a bowl of fresh-made guac and a pomegranate margarita (or two).
They are now open for lunch on the weekends.  Woo hoo
Bel locale con pietanze particolare; da cominciare con il guacamole di certo. Aria condizionata che rende ambiente troppo freddo. Prezzi medio alti, sui 40$ a testa x guacamole e piatto principale.
bel locale, stupenda atmosfera, ottima l'entrata con la guacamole , pecca il freddo dell'aria condizionata che ti blocca la digestione.
Love the guacamole & margaritas!!!  <3
Great meat. If toy love your steak you need to order the traditional 'Carne Asada'. It's a steak plate with traditional rice and beans. Phenomenal!
Some of the best Guacamole North of the Border from the restaurant that helped fuel a Mexican food revolution in NYC.
Some of there best guacamole in NYC!
No need to sacrificing dining at this restaurant to maintain your diet. Here's how to order Mexican food without loosening the belt! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA-Q69PnzsM&feature=fvst
This is the best of all of them AND the original. Don't be fooled by the other ones. Staff is better here. One of my favorites.
Best empanadas de jaiba! My favorite Mexican restaurant restaurant outside Mexico.
Hands down one of my favorite higher end Mexican places - the Pom Margaritas are deadly so beware!!!
Tableside guacamole is a must!!!!
get a pitcher of sangria. it's huge and delish.
Not much environment or music but the crab enchiladas where superb.
must get tableside guacamole
Dianne should be bartender of the year!   Give her a raise, Dave!
Are you smoking?
I feel like I'm in the shining. Which one do I choose?!?!
Decent live music -- mostly 80's
Worst bar ever, just stay away.
No reason to ever go here, nothing special and management sucks
Pretty good selection of music from the live band, AND they have Jose Alfredo Jimenez in the jukebox!!! Bikinis are gone though...
Well...it's a piano bar with no real pianos. Very much like a neighborhood local bar feel.
Winner of Best Dive Bar in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! A great down-home respite in the Port Authority area.
No more just tickling the ivories the Dueling Pianos' Great Balls of Fire http://exm.nr/n0W2bc
The prices change depending on the bartender..
Is "hot dog" code for something? I like the place, but doubt I'd eat here. ;-)
They no longer have free hot dogs
Music selection here is surprisingly good, very nostalgic lol.
This might be the seediest of all the dive bars in NYC featuring girls in Bikini’s. Check out open mic night ever Sunday at 9pm.  I think there’s a cat somewhere in the bar, but I can’t remember.
Oops! I'm in a titty bar... Uh why is everyone talking about hot dogs??
no more hot dogs
They don't have hot dogs anymore, so don't get your hopes up.
The cats name is boots
have a bar hot dog
I love this bar! Amazing staff, delicious food. If you live close, become a regular. They'll treat you like family!!
Best tots ever!!!
Gossip Bar New Years Eve at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Gossip Bar New Years Eve at Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Best deal is the nachos appetizer.  $9 and it is huge!  It has chili, guacamole, salsa, sour cream, and plenty of cheese.
This is a fantastic upscale Irish pub. The bartenders are the best and pour a perfect Guinness. The food is also excellent, the burgers and salads both. My favorite bar in Hell's Kitchen by far.
Come for trivia on Wednesday nights... It's always a good time!
Happy hour frozen strawberry daiquiris were AWFUL!!!!
If I spent as much time texting on the phone than the bar staff I'd get fired. Don't worry I will wait as the patron.  Obviously I have nothing to do.
Host is a turbo jerk. Don't come solo, they'll ignore you for 20 minutes before you can grab anyone's attention
Don't order the chicken tenders-- frozen and poor quality At that- completely dry.. Couldn't finish 2 pieces and I was starving. Wednesday night trivia @ 7:30 is only reason I come.
The beef stew is great!
Quite possibly the worst bar ever. Just leave. Plenty of other places to spend your money at.
Table service is awful here. The waiters seriously stood talking and glancing at us, menus closed for 5 mins. Food is great. May be better when it's busy..
Their bread pudding is Orgasmic...:)
The burgers and fries here are incredible. Easy place to get in and out of at lunch. Love this spot!
Spicy shrimp is to die for !
Great bar! Strolled in for trivia Wednesday around 8:30 after watching The Colbert Report! Won some shots!
My favorite local watering hole! Staff is amazing.
Yummy shrimp & pesto flatbread
Worst name for an Irish bar, ever but the Guinness is pretty good
Bangers and mash with added Irish bacon will give you wet dreams for years to come.
Make sure u come to the New Years Eve Party!
The only thing you'll be gossiping about is why this place isn't any busier with patrons, thanks to a reliable menu of hearty bar food. Hands down, the best burgers in HK! Great drink specials too!
Love Gossip! Amazing staff. Charlie and Gillian are the best!
Service can be slow here, but the food is surprisingly good for bar food standards. Lunch special are $10 for soup or salad and entree. You can't go wrong with the pastas.
Ricota and fig tartine!
Love the yogurt parfait, but the service sucks :(
Super slow but great Cobb!
I am addicted to that Belgian brownie, yum!
Give yourself double the time you think you'll need- this applies whether you eat in or take out.
For a place that serves a whole lotta wheat-gluten, they have a surprising number of tasty, mostly organic "Detox Approved" options for breakfast and lunch.
Try the Cherry Scone  - #vegan nice and simple (via @Foodspotting)
Food was great (oatmeal and fruit) but service was horribly slow on a Saturday afternoon.
This place gets slower and slower
One of my favorite restaurants in the city!
Nice organic food, good for you, give it a try, save the world :)
Soups are amazing. Try as many as you want
You can ask for tiny free sample of soup before deciding.  Also, post-decision, ask for toppings on soup: Chives, Cilantro, Jalapeno. AND free bread at check-out (sourdough or wholewheat)!
Best soups around; quality ingredients. Go cheap (Lentil; still tasty) or pricier (Spicy corn chowder.) I'm partial to the Mushroom soups. Mushroom-Brie or Hungarian Mushroom. You can't go wrong w/any
Falafel is delicious! :)
Be nice to the peeps behind the counter. Don't be a douche online. Know what the fuck u want before u get to the front of the line.
That girl Marla is the best! Get her on register!
Try the new Fall 	Pumpkin Spice Latte
Watch out for the occasional zombies who hang out here! It's not as bad as the Columbus Circle Starbucks which is open later.
staff was not friendly.
Worst Starbucks. Staff is great, but the customers are the worst seat hogs. Never anywhere to sit here.
Nice large windows
The Baristas here are very nice and funny
holy soy mocha latte half-calf caramel venti bullshit, batman
the focus on the customer was nowhere to be seen on my visit tonight.  there were five people 'working' and everyone was too busy being aggressive towards each other to give me decent human contact.
Worst service of any uws Starbucks
Took the girl 4 times to make my drink iced, not hot. Not terribly bright.
Depending on the staff u may wry well be spending quality time on line.
i love this fucking place!
These two cashiers were very rude and being a smart ass! Never again!
Very friendly staff, quick service.
Best crew on the west side. Even though the line looks long they keep it moving.
Get the fish and carnitas tacos
Free taco when you get 2 fish tacos
Try a Paris' Folly cocktail with the Braised Lamb Shank, yummy combination!Calvados, Akvinta Vodka, Rosemary Syrup, Muddled Apple, Citrus
Check out the special menu and paired wines for the 80 Sips Challenge 2011 from May 16-27
Be sure to try the dinner prix fixe featuring the seared wild striped bass, beet citrus salad, butternut squash and roasted garlic.
This place is great!  Good air conditioning, nice people, free glass of wine with dinner and no crazy noise.  Relaxing and delicious!!!
Green tea fried ice cream is yummy
Don't do it
Open now, 5/28 with an A from the health department.
The restaurant has made a great comeback the spare ribs are really good
After crackdown from the health dept they have improved dramatically now I order from them again
Awesome Pork Fried Rice!!! (beware to those with egg allergy, they add it in the rice)
Health department tip is true. However, they've been a consistent upper west side restaurant for years. Check out the lunch special for great deals.
They were shut down by the health department last week now they reopened
As of 10/4 closed by the Health Department.
Good service and they are happy to customize your order.
All you van eat sushi is a pretty good deal at $26.
Soy sauce is watered down immensely... Gives it a really weird taste. Waitresses english is so limited it prevents understanding the customer's request. Spicy tuna roll is all tobiko... D- overall.
Free wine with dinner
Sushi bar is getting better, go for sweet and sour chicken.
Try the smoothies- delishness!!!
Try the middle eastern wrap with falafel instead of chicken - amazing!
Mayor Al
If u want to get medium burger, ask for rare. My burger was cold and they warmed it up((((
Napalm is god damn amazing. Read about it at www.spicyspots.com
Walked into bathroom after a cook and the sink was dry. He clearly didn't wash his hands. Gross.
Great burger! Highly recommend!! Yum yum good service, reasonably priced.
These burgers aren't only perfect for your weekend hangover, they're still amazing when you're fully sober.
Great food! The Tijuana chicken sandwich is bomb.
Tijuana burger has everything I want on a burger... bacon, guacamole (with a little kick!), and sautéed onions. Om nom. Didn't need to get a side of fries or chips, the burger filled me up on its own!
Try the Au Poivre Fries (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Clyde Burger (via @Foodspotting)
Wow. Those chilli cheese fries got me pregnant. It's a girl. #heygirl #cheesy #literally
Best burgers in NYC? Quite possibly! Special wine deal Monday and Tuesday nights, and be sure to check in when you're there for a loyalty bonus (every 2nd or 3rd visit?)
Try the Au Poivre Fries - The fries come out pipping hot!!! And the sauce is drinkable.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pepe - Yummy!!!!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Best black and white milkshake. Thick and creamy
$15 bottles of wine on Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays. Enough said.
The Cowboy is messy, but with a sprinkling of avocado slices, a buckin' bronco's bangin' burger dream! #bam
There are no vegetarian burgers on the menu, so you'll have to settle for grilled cheese or a salad. :(   Awesome fries, though.
Want something hot? Napalm burger. Yum.
If you like it on the bloodier side, this is your joint. One of the few where medium rare actually means medium rare.
$15 bottles of wine every Sunday through Tuesday??? Heck yes! Got a group with you? Enjoy unique, draft beers? Get a pitcher for $25!
Get Avacado on your burger.... Mmmmm!
Try the Wills burger :)
This tiny burger joint has more burger variations than we could imagine! You might want to give Barzel’s a try. Finish with a Black & White Milkshake.
Tons (60+ in all!!) of burgers and chicken sandwiches to choose from here. If you love heat like we do, go for the Napalm which features bbq sauce, jalapenos, and habanero sauce.
Bourbon Street Burger! If you want to try something deliciously different and spicy.
heat difference between the cajun vs. blackened churasco is blackened is bad-ass.
Don't be put off by the prices...the portions are HUGE. 30 varieties of burgers & churascos (chicken sandwiches) and of course....shakes.
Sauteed onions on any burger here rules!
Best fries I've ever had!
Island Burgers now offers french fries and they are delicious. You can also get them cheese, chili, or chili cheese fries.
Definitely expect a wait but the food's amazing. Definitely get the cha shui bun. Real good. I got the spicy totto ramen with pork. Amazing.
Surprisingly good ramen in HK. Lines are long but it's worth it. Also, cash only
Leave your name at the door early, then head to Brickyard on 9th Ave for $5 happy hour.
If you anticipate leftovers, bring your own Tupperware--there are no takeout containers!
If you are two people then just put both your names down. Seats for one open up way faster than for two, besides you never need to talk when you are wolfing down their perfect ramen.
In 2010, they had the best ramen in town. Lately they've been consistently undercooking their noodles and they've changed their recipe. Not worth the hour-long wait, crowding up the entire sidewalk.
Come early if you don't want to be standing in line outside... especially when it's cold!
Looooong waits are totally worth the Spicy ramen with pork, corn and an egg
We left as the line is too long, and I have a sore ankle. But we will come back later.
Get ready for a 2 hour wait!
Go have a drink at the Irish bar Mccoys around the corner while you wait.
Over rated. And patrons would you please stop blocking the sidewalk!
Great spot to have delicious Ramen. Expect a line in the evening, sign up your name on the list and go for a drink around the corner.
Go for the standard Paitan Ramen.  The broth is so rich and flavorful, it doesn't need the heat.  The boiled egg is great, with a soft yolk. Poached egg has runny yolk-save it for the end of the bowl!
Hailed often as the "best" ramen, Totto went surprisingly nontraditional with their veg-tastic Vegetable Ramen dish including blow-torched Avocado. They mean business here, so enjoy fast and get out!
Brush up on your Japanese and bring your appetite! The ramen is amazing but don't forget about the awesome pork buns.
Great and unique experience.
For a healthy meal, order the vegetable ramen and add chicken on top.
For short lines in the evening come around 11pm.
Get the totto spicy ramen with chicken! It is a-ma-zing!
Their chicken broth(no msg) is very different from ordinary ramen broth, totally worth trying. But I'll prolly not come again because of the long wait...
their kitchen is run by Japanese, not Mexicans.
Write your name down, go to to the Michelin rated Danji and get a few tapas. Let an hour pass by and return to enjoy your excellent hot bowl of ramen!
Long. Assk. Wait
Come before they open (noon). Trying to eat here for dinner is a guaranteed 2+ hour wait.
The vegetarian mushroom broth is amazing. Throw in some avocado and kelp!
Cash only- get some at the corner ATM while you wait
Sign your name on the sheet found on the door!!!!!!   Don't be fooled by the queue, first things first, put your name on the door!
11:57 and TottoRamen in Hell's Kitchen is rude and dismissive. #Fail #IllTakeMyBusinessElsewhere
Disappointed, not as good like b4 & the wait is insane!!  Felt super rushed the whole time. Nothappy with pure the "fat" chunks floating in my bowl; used to be lean char-so, now it's just pure fat :(
Be sure to get the extra herbs and spices in the traditional cheese fondue.
You simply must try the raclette - even if just the appetizer portion.  Divine.
Had an incredible wine and fondue holiday dinner with my friends and a fondue for two plus a n order of crabcakes is perfect for 3! Wine selection was superb as well.
Our server, Boris was so attentive and personal - we'll definitely be back!!! :-)
The Oriel Setena Grenache blend was amazing with the Fondue provencal!
Awesome food!
make sure you ask for Boris to be your server. he's hands down the best. friendly, knowledgeable and great service.
Outstanding.   Chick cordon bleu is outstanding.   Love the fries.  Great service.
I enjoyed the traditional fondue.
If you like strong (pungent) cheese, ask for the fondue that *isn't* on the menu...you won't be disappointed!
Excellent food.  I have the Zurich style veal with mushrooms - superb.  I couldn't dare pass up the Toblerone chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and marshmallows.
Fondue & awesome mussels
The Jacques Torres Special - raclette with sauteed mushrooms and pesto. Money. If you can't decide on dessert, get both the Toblerone (milk chocolate) and Jacque Torres (dark chocolate) fondue.
If you don't get the cheese fondue, then I'd suggest the sliced veal in a creamy mushroom white wine sauce with Rösti potatoes...totally epic.
Rude staff, stale products. Avoid this location.
Got a free donut! Win.
One rude staff member rolled her eyes at me and mumbled something under her breath after SHE screwed up my order. I canceled my order and walked out. People need to learn about customer service.
One rude staff member rolled her eyes at me and mumbled something under her breath after SHE screwed up my order. I canceled my order and walked out. People need to learn about customer service.
Sure Baskin Robins has 31 flavors but you can make your own ice cream with your own flavor inventions with an ice cream maker. And it doesn't have all the preservatives.
Pee on everything!!!!!
Ask for "the Sultan's Surprise". You won't be disappointed.
Another NYC night spot opened yesterday. Eclectic outdoor lighting is surely but one of the #Luxury appointments of this establishment. A must do for #Jetsetters - #Trending!.
Get ur lotto tix here
Have a drink at the pretty bar with the pretty bartenders...
Tuna tartar is the beez neez!
Try pomegranate with mangos!
Nothing beats the taste of the plain flavor with some fresh fruits!
Hide your kids, hide your wife... And hide your husband cuz they're rapin everybody out here.
Caribbean coffee. And they have mochi. They have 4 different sizes and the smallest is a pretty decent.
Get lychee on anything...especially Caribbean Coffee. Also, the "mini" size is only 75 calories!
Lots of yogurt selection, and typical topping selections. 'Mini' cup size is adequate serving size for less cost.
Everything is amazing, including the service!!!
note that yogurt comes in both icy and creamy. try mochi topping. also there's a rumor of request-only cheesecake bites.
I work here -_-
They now have a mini! Just 3oz. Perfect!
Carribean Coffee (5 oz. has only 125 calories)
Banana with strawberries.  YUM
10am - 11am: COLUMBUS CIRCLE STOP (58th St at 8th Ave.) (South Side)12pm - 1:30pm: BRYANT PARK STOP (6th Ave. btw 41st & 42nd St.) (West Side)3pm - 4pm: MADISON SQUARE PARK STOP (5th Ave. btwn 23r
Sous Chef Fatima Ali appeared on Food Network's Chopped. She was the youngest winner as well as the first Pakistani woman ever to win. Read more about this CIA graduate:
Muy rico todo,lastima la compañía del boluidito de Marcelo
Best filet mignon in town
This is an excellent place to meet for drinks and/or to eat, very reliable and professional and well lodged in the central nervous system of NYC
Order Yellowfin Tuna. Awesome!   Avoid chopped salad...
Seafood platter is the best deal on the menu for 20 bucks!
Loved the place, food was really good. Had the chocolate souffle, it takes about 30min but it's so worth the wait!!! And with great company I didn't even feel the wait!!! ;)
Definitely order the butternut squash soup; other than the dollop of cream on the top (you can leave off), it's dairy free and yummy!
Can't go wrong with the Moules Frites! One of the best in town.
Sea-food platter in the summer is a must.
Wow... First time here... Impressed with the roaring fire and complentary spread at the bar!
Met up with cousin, Charlie......
Couldn't be less impressed with the wait staff and chef.
Great after work spot - professional crowd.  But Beer Bar is understaffed/terrible service, your best bet is to order at the bar
Great after-work-beer place, but not exactly the most beautiful people...
They got leffe blonde
No untucked shirts! No jackets, either.
Amazing beer selection. One of the few places I've been able to find Ayinger on the east coast. as for food, can't go wrong with a burger or steak frites. Not the worst lobster roll ever either.
Get the burger it's huuuuge!  Or try the chicken sandwich.
So yummy! There's extra seating upstairs. The regular size rice bowl is enough for two people if you're not starving. Add some shrimp and pumpkin tempura and you're set!
Seafood yakisoba is a great change of pace.
Better than Udon West. Spicy lovers try the Korean one.
I've triped them all and Tan Tan udon is the best.
Try the Kitsune Udon (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Complimentary Potato Salad, Daikon Salad, And Edamame (via @Foodspotting)
Japanese beef steak don is good, if you are a meat lover. Though, it could have some more meat.
Their rice bowl dishes are amazing! Chicken or beef rice bowls are just delectable. Udons esp the seafood udon, not so much. Kinda bland.
yummy tan tan udon! beef bowl with poached egg is also awesome!
Such a cute Japanese joint with good, clean food!
143 East 47th st, bet lex and 3rd ave2127150460 close sun
The fried chicken "kaarage" is exquisite. If you generally like this dish, you should get it here.
free green tea! and get half sizes. the full size is mostly soup.
The curry udon is yummy!!
Try the Kitsune Udon - Amazing Japanese food. (via @Foodspotting)
$4.50 rice bowls are the biggest bargain. In town! Very filling. Get the beef bowl with scallion and egg. Then top with pepper and some tempura flakes for more texture from the "fixings" area
Try the tofu cheesecake... delicious! And the flavored chu-hi (soju)
For a richer flavor try the creamy cod roe udon.  Also for appetizer the eggplant is sooo tasty!!
Get the Hokkai Don (aka Chirashi), comes with miso soup, very good.
The bukkake udon w/ the fried chicken & plum, tan tan udon, & steak curry udon rock! Probably everything else on the menu too, but I fall in love w/ stuff here so it's hard 2 try new things!
The today's specials they have are great and absolutely delicious. Prices are very fair. Really nice place.
Great local noodle shop.  Curry udon was best I've had.
One of the best udon places in NYC. Try the beef curry udon if you're in the mood for spice! Delicious!
Get the curry. I know it's a noodle place and it's hot out but the curry makes an excellent lunch
Damn Damn that was good Dan Dan
Tiramisu brulee. Sounds bizarre but is oh-so-good. Get it while its on the menu!
Great vegetable dumplings and donkatsu . Lots of Japanese people here
Best udon noodle soup in NYC!  Get the large Niku or Chicken Sio udon soups!
2 dollar beers during happy hour 5 - 7pm
Delicious niku (beef) udon with an incredibly flavorful broth! Also, happy hour (5-7pm) beers are $1.99.
Try one of their specials!!
Small portions and not good food. Lots of much better Italian options in the neighborhood
Our meatballs sell themselves! Come in and see why for yourself!!
Try our famous meatball! They never disappoint!
Meatballs are to die for! And the 20 layer cake for dessert is a must have.
Best meatballs I've ever had.
Their bone-in Veal Chop stuffed with arugula, prosciutto and fontina is perfection.  It’s served with a wine and mushroom sauce, but sparingly, allowing for the full flavor of the veal to shine
One word. Meatballs.
Hands down best Meatballs in the city !! Great Service and atmosphere too!!
They have finally reopened!!!
They are closed until "further notice"
Overpriced. Older clientele. "Older". Piano bar.
The truck is on 77th & CPW
After 11pm all slices are half off
Best traditional pizza on the UWS.
If u tell the cashier he looks good he will give u a free slice
The slice are huge, the sauce is delicious, the cheese is stringy, and the bread is thin. Take it or leave it.
Delicious pizza!  And really good service.  $2.75 for plain slice.  They often play NY1 in the afternoon.
Not the friendliest service, but the slices are huge and relatively affordable.
Huge slices, some "gourmet" like chicken and broccoli.  Good music too.
Great classic NY slice. Also it's huge
Air conditioned and plays good music. Slices are huge, but $4
Try it. I know, its a gamble but roll the dice. 2 Pepperoni on red.
Pretty good pizza. Good big ass salads!
Get a slice o' mozzarella.  Make sure to include garlic knots, not the plain ones.  Don't be a wimp!
Egg salad sandwich, Nipponese style.
Unassuming and a rare gem at North Greenpoint.
Say おいしい ("oh-ee-shee") when you take a first bite - it's a nice way to tell the chef you like the food.
Order the salmon avocado seaweed wrap with spicy mayo, shiso, and radish  sprouts. And an iced matcha green tea, of course!
Onigiri rice ball, perfect quick meal!
This is one of a handful of places in Greenpoint or Williamsburg (that I've found anyway) that has decaf coffee for those of us who can't have caffeine for one reason or another. Amazing!
pork teryaki.
Onigiri = Amazing! Try them all here. Delicious!
Order the famous Onigiri riceballs with salmon or plum!
Wonderful.  Relaxing.  Homey. Green. Spa-like.
Grab a book and enjoy how quiet it is. Sit by the window.
Awesome ravioli!
The fettuccini con shrimp is awesome!
Get the prix fixe dinner... solid food at a great price!
Good food and good price.  Will make custom dishes not on menu.
Great food, service & location. I highly suggest.
The spinach & goat cheese frittata is amazing!
The buccatini was amazing and they have large carafes of wine (5 glasses) for $30.
Lunch Menu special is amazing... Wine, appetizer, entre, and tea/coffee all for $20.
Brunch, Salmon and cheese omelet
Good pizza for cheap
On Sunday, June 17th starting at 3p near Flaming Saddles, Vlada and Therapy Bar, enjoy an ice cream on RuPaul's Drag U starting on Monday at 9p on Logo
The lunch special has beer #FTW
Happy hour lasts until 8! Half off all drinks.
The lychee mojito is delicious!
Hands down the best and most affordable Thai spot in NYC. Their Pad Thai is really delicious with tons or flavor.
Sumai drink is amaze balls!
lunch special available all week!
The crab meat rice is the best rice I've had in all my life!!!!
Great food, poor customer service!
Ordered the chicken pad thai lunch special for take-out and was unimpressed. The noodles were bland, the salad wasn't fresh, and the vegetable dumpling was too salty.
Love the lunch special. When they say spicy, they mean it!
Caution: there's peanut butter in their pad see ew sauce!
Pad anything for the win!
Happy Hour from 4pm-8pm seven days a week! Delicious appetizers and entrees. Tables for large parties.
Tip on Chicken Pad Thai: "Yummm!".
Nice settings! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tip on Thai Iced Tea  : "Good iced tea after lunch".
Tip on Thai Custard
Jack is the best bartender!!!
The tofu (vegetarian) dishes are very good!!! This is a great lunch or Happy Hour spot. (HH is 4-8pm...everyday!)
Come here for the lunch special, lots to choose from.  My favorite dish is the Moo-Yang (pork + sticky rice).
Try the Tom Kha Soup (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tom Kha Soup - Sweet sour coconut soup with thinly sliced chicken. (via @Foodspotting)
I think the crab fried rice is my new favorite dish!
Cute little HITW.
Good service! I've been here w/ big groups, small groups , & alone. Always good svc & the food is excellent. Been here probably 15 times & everyone has liked it.
My favorite neighborhood Thai restaurant in Hell's Kitchen
Stay away from the shrimp. Tastes like it was pulled from the back of the fridge and cooked in plastic.
Get the L15 lunch special. Duck over rice. So good.
Everything is pretty good. Our whole party enjoyed their food!
Try the Plum wine
Great happy hour,  friendly staff & delicious food. This is a hidden gem....shhh don't tell anyone :0)
authentic mex. food! go a steal burrito and mango mojito..both very good!
Great happy hour & friendly staff.
I tried to get my 50% off with Scout mob..but they said they don't honor it on takeout orders
Get the enchiladas with Mama's secret recipe. Chocolaty and spicy. You'll never look at Mexican food the same way again.
Surprisingly good margaritas
Really enjoyed the food. Much better than most I've had.
Awful! Found a roach in my food. Avoid like swine flu!
The closest we found so far to CA quality Mex food! We love the 3 tacos w/xtra crispy carnitas or enchiladas w/xtra crispy carnitas topped w/green suizas sauce & melted cheese.
3 buck margs for happy hour!
The lunch buffet special is dead, Jim.
Fantastic mexican food on the west side.  I'm from L.A. I would know!
Buffet all the way!
Go to El Ranchito Del Agave and opt for the $8 all-you-can-eat lunch buffet. Load up on the bottomless green enchiladas—the verde sauce is amazing.
Best pizza in NYC and the upstairs seating is wonderful.
Good service. Food is ok.
Great pizza...rude lady behind counter is still here.  Lol  would come back!
This place really does have some of the best pizza around. And it's super affordable to boot. Can't go wrong.
My favorite place for a quick bite. Pizza is perfect, desserts are delicious and huge!!
A little $$$, but the food is good. If you are not a slice snob find a cheaper spot, you are not missing much.
Really good pizza
Unbelievable rude girl at the counter.
Go upstairs if you want to be quiet. The calzone is also pretty good.
Retreat to the upstairs sitting area for a quieter meal.
Pizza is awesome, its a must try.
The pizza is delicious!!
Best pizza in NYC.  Not expensive.  Friendly too.
They have everything from breakfast to pizza, they have dessert, and pasta plates. My favorite dish: Chicken Cutlet with baked ziti and mashed potatoes. Come check this place out.
Try the sweet potatoes. They're a tasty, healthier alternative to the fries or yuca.
Just the chicken and rice and beans is fabulous!
The empanadas are outstanding
Lunch special all day for $11.50!
Wowow the aguadito soup here is Sooo good, I even order it on a hot day! Plus you can't go wrong with their rotisserie chicken and ribs combo! Mmmm
Great deal for a good portion of rotisserie chicken.  Gets a little on the greasy side but tasty nevertheless.
Bring your own tray, because they never have trays. Also, the upstairs is closed on a Thursday at 5 pm cause the staff is lazy
Meat beast!!!!!
The manager, Robin, dropped food & shit on the ground then put it back on the counter to continue preparing it. Uh, fuck that noise, jack.
Bathroom is a hobo shower!
Terrible service! Terrible food! Employees are slow and rude! Store is absolutely disgusting! I ordered my food, looked at it and immediately threw it away...I wouldn't even feed it to my dog!
Sit near the window and watch the new York city life from upstairs
new year...
Free Wi-Fi ! Great Reception!
Very Friendly Staff
Check ur food before u leave the counter, sometimes they really burn the burgers:-)
Get the big-ass burger/pizza hybrid monster thing.
This place is FILTHY. I work on food service & would be fired if my store looked like this!
Turn back around. Go. Leave. This place is horrible. Ghetto. Dirty. Slow.
If your not the first or second person there expect a wait cuz they nvr have more then one cashier open
Slowest most incompetent staff in 'fast food'
They take forever to put our order together. Don't be uber hungry or you'll hulk-smash someone
The Pepper Bacon Steakhouse XT is GOOD!!!
Garden salad is disgusting !
Omg!!! Are we still here?!
A diferencia de McDolars BK tiene el mismo sabor que en Santiago, claro que algunas cosas cambian, acá BK es mas piola que el otro
Muy rica la hamburgrasa
Horrible and expensive,
What's the whole point of Burger King Whopper "BAR" if you won't serve alcohol. #FAIL
Really like the concept of a higher-end BK, but still ghetto and slow. It's fun, however to put whatever you want on your whopper.
Don't be fooled by the fancy new name. It's your usual BK
Check out the Pepper Bacon Steakhouse XT sandwich! Worth a try!
So sloooooow.
nice place in here
They have the worse morning service. S L O W !
so understaffed that it doesn't deserve to be called a fast food place
Every cook has a different price for the same sandwich. Paying $2 for bacon n egg one day then $3.50 the next.
I don't eat where cats roam free.
Actually on 47th between Park & Lex.
To circumvent the lunch rush, order online first, then go to the express pick-up window.  Also, the seasonal roasted pumpkin panini (only in autumn) is surprisingly delish.
Panini di ogni tipo..ottimo
Not sure what they put in the burnt crusts. But is really very tasty.
Avoid fried egg sandwich, tastes like dog
The chicken breast sandwich with grilled mushrooms & onions, green olive tapenade & fontina on grilled country bread...is crazy good!
Every day from 3-6 pm, 'wichcraft offers all its coffee drinks at half-price. This is only available in store locations and not at the kiosks.  Find more deals at Postabon.com!
Grab a protein shake on the go
Mix over pita, no rice. Can't beat that!
Nowhere near Halal Guys from 53rd and 6th.
No fries here man. Chicken over rice.
If they try to give you fries you can sub them with a falafel
Food was really fresh and very well made. Refreshing change from a lot of Indian places where the ingredients feel tired and made en masse. Cheerful, quick service was a plus.
Fantastic. The lamb kebab was fantastic!
Excellent iced coffee and Greek hospitality!
Le Perigord has remained impervious to any food trend that has surfaced in the four decades since it opened. It is unrepentantly traditional, offering classic French cuisine with service to match.
well-prepared classic French food !
It’s no wonder why Le Perigord is such a popular destination for evening meals no matter what day of the week. In our visit we were treated like kings and ate like kings as well – their signature roas
An “Old Guard” institution serving no-nonsense classic French Cuisine.  Start with the Vegetable Tart, the then Buffet Froid and finish with the Dover Sole.
Best lunch special. Get the drunken noodles.
Totally delicious egg sandwiches - great prices too! Haven't tried anything else yet bc they're too good
Cozy little bar downstairs with generously poured drinks
Super cute brand-new Italian joint. $4 stella all night!
Pizza is priced for 10 inch. And it is the best pizza ever.
Get that sandwich yo!!!
Closed due to nastiness
Ask for extra "stuff" - they're nice!
Really good food! Def coming back again.
Hang out at the bar and get to spend some quality time with the bus boys and delivery guys.  They spend most of their time watching the TV instead of working.
My favorite on the UES! Cheers.
If you go with Kerry D, avoid the Parmesan.
Love their broccoli rabe and Escarole!
Brazilian Jazz Mondays with Tres, Jazz Duo Tuesdays and Pop/Rock/Jazz with Aaron Short (me) on Thursday nights!
Try the Whole Wheat Fettuccine - With chicken! (via @Foodspotting)
Great local Italian spot, great food (and portions), and live music in the bar area on Wed nights, check it out!
Good food, very reasonable prices. Chicken parm, sorentina, gnocci, all very good
Amazing bread!
It's hot in here!!!  For Gods sake turn off the heat!
The mozzarella is spicy, and does not appeal to everyone. The pesto gnocchi and the penne vodka (with spicy sausage) is unrivaled in the neighborhood.
Truly a hidden gem! Jazz mondays!
The spaghetti and meatballs are terrific here. An inexpensive must-have!
The buffala mozzarella is the best on the Upper East Side.  The rest of the menu is mediocre, but consistently mediocre, so you can deal with it.
Boeuf Bourguignon is killer
New. Inside » Lounge area, a fireplace, billiards table, & cocktails designed by Dushan Zaric Food » French classics Taste » Beef bourgignon with Imperial Wagyu beef & the poulet roti & duck fat fries
Decent diner food. Tried a cheeseburger one day and eggs and sausage the next. Decent spread of prices on the menu. Small location and they try to herd you thru your meal to serve the line outside.
Crazy expensive
Convenient for the MET and serves all day breakfast. Great service.
Despite the expensive price, the food is ok, but what a horible service! Avoid the brunette with glasses, very bad temper! :-(
This place was amazing for a late lunch. Got a wrap and it was huge and amazing. The fries are crispy and delicious. Big portions, slightly over-priced. Overall solid lunch.
Unexpected good brunch next to the Met Museum. Eggs benedict and strawberry pancakes!
Grilled chicken & Greek salad wrap is amazing and huge. Perfect for splitting!
My favorite neighborhood diner. More expensive than normal, better than normal. (via Scoville)
The single toilet opens right onto the main dining area, giving a couple of booths a lovely whiff of whatever's going on in there each time the door opens. Like sitting in the back seat on Greyhound.
The single toilet opens right onto the main dining area, giving a couple of booths a lovely whiff of whatever's going on in there each time the door opens. Like sitting in the back seat on Greyhound.
Burger sucks. Wine sucks. Service sucks. Find some place else before it's too late.
Stay away from the mushroom bacon burger deluxe, try the crab cakes instead!!!
Fantastic torta.
Great, light pizza!
The portions are way bigger than you'd expect and the panzanella salad is amazing. I was surprised by how much I liked this place.
The cheese plate and Elderberry mocktail are both very good!
Turkey is awful
We love this place. Unfortunately, the raise their prices $3 on New Year's Eve. Come on, you aren't fooling anyone
Ate here with a group the evening after the Run Anyway NYC 2012 Marathon in Central Park. Needless to say our appetites were BIG. All of the food was excellent, nutella crepes, Reuben's, CB hash A++++
MMC! Use your meal plan here! Delivers to 1760. There's a $10.00 minimum.
The paninis are dry as hell.
Best disco fries on the upper east side!
Chicken Souvlaki is highly recommended. All the burgers are good as well. Thought they really need to be more social online and get at least an active Facebook fan page. :)
Italian burger eh grande e gostoso, a preco razoavel para Manhattan
Great place for lunch.  Quick and courteous service. The wraps and French onion soup are fantastic.
try their waffles w/ whipped!! burger deluxes are THE BEST!!
I roll like that
Waffle fries [period]
Don't come on new years eve unless you want an anal rape.  Limited menu...way inflated prices.  Shame on the owners
If you are hungry, feel free to order off the menu, if they have it, they'll make it
Chicken fingers & disco fries with gravy...Heaven!
24 hour diner
One of the few places in the city that does proper grits.  They've won my heart.
Under no management and no longer serving booze :( no more end-of-the-night pancakes and beer.
If you are hungover, its ALL about the gyro platter. Get a side of gravy to dip your fries in. Eat this then go back to sleep w/ the TV on. #sorted
This place has bad service and not so good food. Skip it and go to Corner Bakery instead.
Great service, great diner food and they'll split checks for you. Be extra nice to the waiters/waitresses and they'll take good care of you.
Pastrami breakfast sandwich on a bagel. It's huge, comes with eggs and cheese, and it's $5.50.
Family friendly - great place to bring the baby for a weekend breakfast
Super yummy nutella strawberry crepe.
Local diner near the sis hangout, I like it.
Great, attentive service
South of the border panini pretty darn good
Nice place with great service and food.  I usually go here after work at like 4AM since they are open around the clock.
I am a fan of the wings.
Wash your hands before you eat if only  to peek into the kitchen on your way to the super-nice restrooms.
If you go for brunch, get the lobster Benedict.
Service was a little slow but the food (and cocktails) were a lot of good.
Menu is set in Mrs Eaves, a mix of cummingsesque lowercase and wide-tracked caps. Headings appear to be hand-drawn. A clear, cohesive design. Grade: A.
The tuna crudo was perfect for a warm summer night. Two days after my meal, and I am still thinking of it. Also, make a reservation to skip the wait! #notfried #notoily #rawbar
Sunday Lobster special. Trout. Happy Hour.
Ask for Wayne. Tell him he's handsome. He'll thank you.
They need to serve up something fresh. I'm getting tired of seeing the lobster roll, Mac n Cheese...
Really good food, especially the fish tacos
Make some new friends at the bar. Go bold, try out a BULLDOG cocktail.
Try the amazing truffle macaroni and cheese.
Their 5:30-7 happy special on oysters, apps and drinks is amazing. Also don't miss the lobster knuckle escargot. Genius. Amazing.
Might get a free side...after 15 mins becomes and hour and a half!! Now I love me some mermaid inn but just not worth the wait anymore.
Bloody Mary comes with an Old Bay salt rim :)
No doubt about what to order here.  The lobster roll.  Though we do love the happy hour & a half check-in special too!
Amazing oyster happy hour. No seats at the bar? Don't worry. They'll still seat you at a table
Lobster roll is great and so is happy hour! Love the new hush puppies, and don't overlook this place for brunch!
Bring on the Bordeaux: Bordeaux Restaurant Week’s November 7-November 21, 2011 http://exm.nr/rCHoSH
Norah - the hostess - is simply lovely. I felt welcome the instant I walked in the door.
Make a reservation. It gets full quick. Try the Lobster and truffle mac n cheese!!
Wow I actually found a place on the uws that's its actually almost cool!
Come Tuesdays for Summer Crab Fest! $24 for a big bucket of Maryland Blue Crab + grilled corn + potatoes + cornbread. Yum! (There's also a great "Lobsterpalloza" special same price on Sundays).
The free Foursquare check-in side dish doesn't include their lobster mac and cheese. :'(
Ask for a Pear Punch - it's the Pear Sparkler with pear Grey Goose. Love!
Lobster and truffle mac & cheese is amazing!! Also try the ceviche
$1 oysters and cheap, yet very good, food from 5:30-7pm every day!!!
Lobster roll. Can't lose.
Actually,$1 east coast oysters,everyday.....
tuesday night crab boil. do it.
another disappointing meal here. this time the $1 oysters, which are usually pretty good, were scant. next time i'll try one before trusting them to give me a plausible plate.
Great variety of lunch specials including drink for $6.75 plus tax
Great pizza.
Go to rockys on 2nd ave instead
prices are going up. posted menu isn't always correct.
Love this place
Love the music and the people here.
Get a blue drink.
Kyle is a cuttie pie <3
The barman named Kyle is really cute  ;)
Bangers and mash.
Play Darts
I come in here almost every Thursday afternoon. It's a great place to sit down, have a cold beer and relax. On Thursdays at least. Friendly staff too. The place has a very comfortable atmosphere.
Tell Kyle - no dancing in the kilt!
Absolute Gem of a pub. Brilliant TV and sport display but also quaint and good ol Irish fun
Kyle is the funniest barkeep I know!
Awesome service. Great vibe for sports or dining
Get yo beer here
Best check in offer!
Terrible service - don't bother
Incredibly slow bartenders
Tell Kyle he's a handsome man and you'll see one amazing smile
Check in. Buy a beer. Get the other for free. Um.... YES!
www.ClubPlanet.com
The people here are amazing!
Yummy Irish Breakfast and Paul the bartender is the best!!
Check in, buy a beer, get a free beer! Booyah!
love this place and food is amazing now
Great service but the food is very disappointing
312 from goose island is a quality wheat beer on tap here
Their ban chan is generous and delicious, and the labbokki is well made!
food is great!  service is good when are not busy.  when they are busy, the service is very poor.
They provide hot tea when you are waiting outside in the cold! Love it!
So much food! Delicious for the adventurous.
If you want a relaxing dinner, go somewhere else.
Great food and great service on Thanksgiving Eve!!!
you can only apply 2 credit cards maximum to the bill!
Try the Grilled Mackarel - Brought to your table whole, still sizzling, then the server cuts them to pieces for you. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Rice And Side Dishes (via @Foodspotting)
Wah nice lunch specials. Super traditionalized and scrumptiously wholesome. Better be hungry!
Off peak hours are the best
The best seafood pancake I ever had!
My favorite Korean spot, but be prepared for terrible customer service. Difficult to get any waiter's attention, rarely refill drinks, and if you don't leave enough tip, they will hunt you down.
Too slow serving
I forgot how rude they are...pushing us to finish the food...tsktsk worst service ever!
I forgot how rude they are...pushing us to fimish the food...
Got a reservation here? That's what you think. Go somewhere else if the concept of customer service appeals to you in any way.
The service isn't quite up to par. In a party of four, they kept forgetting me. Am I invisible? They didn't even let me place my order. Last time I come here.
The worst Korean service
Late night, it is quiet w/ friendly service. Around 6:30,  the long line starts inside. It is stressful to eat w/ ppl eyeing you! Service is rushed and you are handed the bill before you are finished.
Feels exactly like in Seoul. In a very good way.
Their kimchi is awesome. Their sundubu chige still is my favorite. Watch out its very fast service and they will push u out when your done to make room for other patrons...
Had a piece of sharp metal in my dinner.. Everything came all at once.. Just bad overall service!
Good food. Amazing cinnamon tea to wash it all down!!
Bimbab combo lunch special! More food than you can handle!
try the ox bone soup with ox knee. lots of collagen
Try the soju. It's really good.
Try the hae mul pajun (seafood pancake)
The Kalbi Jim is really freaking good! But shit, when did this place get so popular. Get there early for anything or super late at night or be prepared to stay in line forever.
it can get super packed so try wonjo down the street. same owners!
Hazelnut with fruit toppings
Don't forget to add some hazelnuts to choco hazel flavor. Too good to be true !
Smells like feet
Kyle is the best server. Will make your pink berry experience infinitely better.
Super friendly staff! Try the Peanut Butter frozen yogurt.
Whatever toppings you get def get the waffle cookie lol
Get the summer seasonal peanut butter with strawberries & watermelon, & granola/waffle cookie.  Voila! PB&J samich.
The best frozen yogurt, but the lines at this K-town location were a bit much. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the pomegranate yogurt with mango . Delicious plus healthy can't beat it
cheesecake topping!
Peanut butter - yum!
Loving ma fro-yo brand.
Amazingggg pink peppermint is my new fav!
Pumpkin is delicious!
Best PB in the city with super friendly staff!  Amazing customer service!  Yogurt is consistently creamy & flavorful! Clean & well stocked!
adding mochi to everything is ok!
new peanut butter flavor = to die for
For a real salty sweet treat, ask for a dash on salt on the salty sweet caramel! Yum!
mochi + toasted almonds + fruity pebbles = excellent combo
Try the Salted Caramel Frozen Yogurt With Heath Bar Pieces & Hazelnut Pralines (via @Foodspotting)
The new caramel is amaziiiing
Pomagranite with strawberries ,blueberries , and yogurt chips is sooooo Yummy
Flirt with the cashier. He might give you a card for a free small original.
The staff here are one of the nicest Pinkberry employees ever!
my secret topping is cheesecake bites!
Grab a Pumpkin Pinkberry while you still can!
Original with pineapple and coconut is the way to go.
Pinkberry in Koreatown doesn't have too many seats. It's always pretty full. You'll be lucky if seats open up by the time you get your order.
A reliable snack, good any time of day, any day of the year.
to die for-yummmmmmm!
Do not leave without the grilled onigiri
Get the Katana sake. Mmmmm.
Sake, Spicy Organic Chicken Wings + Whole Fish Tempura... do it!
Not a good idea to show up on a Friday if you are just two people, 40 min wait!
Their platter of fried beef balls gave me a tummyache
Get the beef garlic short rib; it's delicious!  Yellow tuna tartar is pretty well done too.
Went here to use the karaoke room and was told a $200 min. One friend didnt have an ID so they denied us all alcohol. Was told not to go to the bar. And we would be charged the difference to 200 still
Great food - more fun to share tapas-style. Have a party in the karaoke room! Good luck deciphering the massive remote with buttons in Korean, Ha!
They rarely I.D. =)
Drink a soda before you come... they cost 3 bucks here... for a can.
The best sushi nearby...and not outrageously priced. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. Perfect service.
Lovely place! Warm, friendly, chic, delicious food, and very nice staff. They had to shut down during hurricane Sandy, they deserve the business, i just went and ate there to support, do the same! :)
East Village -  $14 for a cup of coffee or juice, a mimosa or bloody mary and any brunch item
Service is very inattentive considering the restaurant is not that crowded.
Don't forget WEDNESDAY is HALF-PRICE PITCHERS NIGHT . All pitchers are half-price all night long. Celebrate with a Group!
Greek omelette. Get it.
Brunch Saturdays and Sundays from 11:00AM - 4:00PM. Best cozy Brunch in the East Village. Great French Toast and Eggs Benedict!
Rigatoni alla norma is my favorite dish here. chilled out atmosphere, attentive+lovely staff.
Lovely place- the staff is great.  We had a work event here and it was fantastic- I recommend it for events!
Frank is best bartender ever.  And he's definitely a member of the handsome men's club.
Food was fair
Ask for Douglas, as he's been here forever and knows EVERYTHING! No joke, either...
Free pita and hummus when you check in, word
One of my favorite restaurant. I am bias since I know the owners, but the ambiance is great. Love the hummus, pasta and once upon a time many years ago , the best Tiramisu. Pasta is great and any fish
We've got scallops on the menu tonight! Try 'em before you leave town for the long weekend.
Great room. Beautiful. Good, fresh food, and fun music! The only thing they could improve on is purchasing a POS system so the servers didn't have to spend so much time calculating the bill.
Obviously I'm biased, but I've been with Pangea for some time... We pride ourselves on our hi-standard for fresh ingredients... from in house curry, hummus, fresh drink purées, to unique main courses!
I was really disappointed with the food.  Tried the steak frites and fish.. C-  the "fresh berry martini" tasted like freshly froZen berries from jacks 99 cents store. Overpriced. Great Atmosphere tho
My favorite restaurant!! :)
Chill atmosphere, friendly service... the best brunch $10 can buy!
"Cheap & Chic Mondays" with select bottles of wine $15 and up, and pasta $10 and up.
And awesome backroom for private parties!
The burger is awesome with gorgonzola cheese!!!!
West Village and East Village – $22 for all-inclusive red/white sangria and mimosas.  Also includes a do it yourself Bloody Mary bar for just $5 each!  Amazing!
Try the Huevos rancheros - #avocado #eggs #potatoes  (via @Foodspotting)
Order the Ricky - its half margarita, half dos equis. Stir it up and enjoy
The fruit margaritas are made with real frozen fruit- absolutely delicious
Get the Pork Belly BLT tacos. Wow. The flavor is incredible. And a great portion (even if it is a little expensive). Was it down with a Ricky.
“Try the signature Ricky or Lucy cocktails – a combo of beer and margarita that makes one delicious beer slurpee.” More at http://www.partyearth.com/venues/diablo-royale-este.
Try the Ricky.
Try the Huevos rancheros - With cheesy grits and mimosa  (via @Foodspotting)
[Eat, Drink] If there's one drink you gotta have, it's The Ricky. Part beer, part frozen margarita, all awesome. Their merguez tacos are a must, too!
pork belly blt taco is easily one of the best tacos i've ever consumed. also, the luci is delicious.
Steak tacos are life changing
Avoid at all costs. This place is an insane shitshow.
Awful. Avoid
Michelada is excellent!
The waiter thinks he is James Franco and in the 99%. #spitindrank
beware, I was unpleasantly surprised when my bill for One pint was $12.
Brunch is heavy, but the beers and margaritas are damn tasty. A good "start the night at" kind of place, or happy hour.
Hostess is rude. Tried to make 8 girls have a pre fox menu. What
The Luci is SO good! Also, ask for Ron. He's super nice and has great recos.
Get a Ricky. It combines these two drinks (see photo).
Don't book a large party here...I paid $80 for appetizers and cold tacos. Management may be worse than the food is.
The management here blows hardcore- though admittedly it is an excellent physical place for drinks
Funn!! Good music & candlelit tables downstairs
Brunch tacos are amazing! They're not afraid to make it spicy and I love it!
love working there. people are great to be around and food is so amazing !!
Tacos and tequila (+9 pts) in a great (+3), clean (+3), awesomely decorated (+6) environment. In the east village (+2). Who could ask for more? Total points: 23
I <3 luci!!
Say hi to dougie for me. The bartenders are awesome and the potatoes are so good!
Get the corn! Its amaaaaaaazing
Get the fried Chicken tacos with corn salsa in a honey habenero sauce. Amazing.
This place... Surprisingly has some great frozen yogurt!!!!
Fantastic selection of off-season rosé
Oysters and snails. Terrific and lovely
One of the nicest dining experiences I've had in NYC.
Come on Sundays for Brazilian jazz - Kerry Linder Trio
A spot at the bottom of the London Terrace Building, just steps from the High Line, is the perfect place for wining and dining art world elite.
The steak frite was delicious and the scallops were luscious, definitely try them if either are to your taste!
Great date spot...plus, they have the best lamb chops AND best pork belly AND best squid ink pasta I've ever had!!!
Artichoke app is amazing! Loved the pasta with the sea urchin & shrimp
Entrees top out at $30 so there’s no need to break the bank here
Take a seat at one of the plush melon-and-lemon-colored bar stools and enjoy Allegretti's famous fish soup:
Start with something for the table like whipped ricotta with thyme and honey or burrata cheese with Maldon sea salt.
lavender lemonade + 50% off scoutmob = score!
Solid French fare. Ricotta. Duck. Branzino. Don't forget the Rose...
Loudest restaurant ever only come here if you don't want to hear what your date has to say
@nymag best of ny - croque monsieur
A  Croque Monsieur that's basically like a very fancy grilled cheese sandwich. Crispy bread w/ rolls of country ham & cheese, w/ a squiggle of mustard & a nicely fried egg. At lunch & brunch.
croque monsieur
Get that wagyu skirt steak, and the pork belly. Drink lots of water.
Great healthy food!
The chef is very hot!
The only thing better looking than the food is the chef!
Love is bloom: New York City Restaurants to spend Valentine’s Day http://exm.nr/w4dR4C
Delicious food! I don't recommend the panisses duo though.
The frog legs are out of this world!
La Promenade des Anglais461 W. 23rd St., New York, NY 10011
New York City Restaurants are cooking up spirited Christmas Menus http://exm.nr/vSxlTK
Fried gnocchi, kale salad (w duck prosciutto!), Brussels sprouts are all must haves here.
At Alain Allegretti’s handsome chef new restaurant in New York you can taste French Riviera cuisine with some Italian, Spanish, Portuguese influeneces. What's not to love?
Always feel silly trying to pronounce French food at restaurants? Don't worry, we do too! Check out this video to become an expert! http://ow.ly/6Xxw5
Start with the fried ricotta and zucchini flower. very light and sharable.
Horrible service.....food matched service....eh
Closed Sundays! Argh!
Not that great...mysterious $2 tax on a groupon... Smells really bad inside and even worse service.. If you really want great chicken go to Dirty Bird
Very nice people working here. The ribs are excellent.
Do go on Sundays. They're closed!! :(
The meatloaf was good, but otherwise don't bother. I'm from the deep South and have had good soul food my whole life. The mashed potatoes tasted like it came from a box.
Place was a dive!! Food on display was dry and sooo unappetizing. That place is a fuckin hot mess!!!!
This is going to b good
Great food!!! I love the fried chicken, collard greens, mac & cheese! The chocolate cake is also yummy!
Awesome food!
The fried whiting, mac & cheese, and candied yams are sooo damn good!!
Great food! Gotta try the fried chicken, collard greens, and the kick ass Mac & Cheese!!!
I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong here! The owner is awesome and will come over and talk with you. Call ahead and make sure there is dessert left if you want some
Great lunch spot.  Home-style meatloaf with onions and spices all mixed in... you can't go wrong.
FIT id gets you a discount :)
SLAMMIN ribs!
Get all vegetarian--4 sides (giant portions), $8.95.  Rice & beans, of course; collard greens; cabbage; brocolli/carrot combo.  Ask for the hot sauce bottle.  Hoard it.  Friendly fun staff, cool music
Must have dish: Fried chicken with two sides-get plain fried chicken. The quarter bird doesn't have a thick coating, only a light dusting of flour, so skin will be crunchy and intact.
Chicken-N-Dumplings w/ mac & cheese and mashed potatoes. Wash it down with a glass of sweet tea. Nap time.
moved south to W. 29th between 7th and 8th ave, try their recession special!
Friendly staff with huge personalities!
This location does not have soup. Travesty, I know.
The chipotle chicken, bacon, and avocado sandwich is the best!
Starbucks lines are not cool in this area. Pretty staff is super nice, calls me baby.  And large ice coffee w soy- 2.78/hassle free.
Lentil soup is vegan and yummy !
Make sure your sandwich can be toasted before you buy.
almond croissant and chocolate chip cookies are my favs!
Buffalo Chicken Hot Wrap is to die for... wow!
Toasted chicken, swiss w/ sweet chili mayo rocks!
There's a food truck parked outside. It's really good!
Best brownie ever (not affected by the worst music ever - sorry, guys!)
Did you know that at the end of the day they donate leftover food to feed NY's homeless.  How awesome is that? (+, no 2nd day food... fresh, fresh, fresh)
Great tuna melt... Could do without the weird little midget pickles tho
Try the Chicken & Cranberry Sandwich w/Apple Cranberry Juice. Its Delicious!
Delicious premade yet fresh sandwiches, soups and salads. -Gila
Try anything with avocado!
Spicy Falafel Wrap= Delish and Filling Salmon & Brown Rice Bowl= YUM!
Fresh sandwiches, great setting, friendly staff, chill music. Highly recommended.
So the place is great. Enjoyed it when I was in London a few years ago.  But honestly can they be more stingy with the food?  Another slice of roast beef wouldn't kill them?
Try the tomato/basil/cream-cheese morning sandwich!
Darjeeling tea - lemonade is amazing
Delicious sushi and a great selection of rolls. Try the shrimp mango avocado!
Great sushi, very busy which is always a good sign.
High quality ingredients.
Love the lunch specials. My "go-to" sushi spot.
Do not order mango with salmon roll unless you just want a salmon roll.
Diverse menu, great sushi!
Lunch special is great and everyone was friendly - I'd for sure eat here again.
Best sushi in this area. Super fresh and delicious. My favorites are the crunchy spicy tuna and eel cucumber rolls. Order for pick-up and it takes less than 15 minutes.
The bento box lunch special is huge, well-priced and delicious!
The fish is sometimes funny in nigiri form, but pretty solid bento box lunch special.
Amazing Kani Salad!
Solid lunch special. Eat in or take away.
The "only" place inside Penn Station that makes their pizza fresh... That said it is the BEST and their deli is great too.
Nicest lady ever. Apologetic if they're out of anything, always gives me mustard with my $1.50 pretzel, and just generally sweet as sin.
Excellent Roast Beef, VERY rare!  Just order the number 2!
Best value in the city, 2 slices and a beer under $10. A must before any game!!!!
Super nice woman running the place.
Decent pizza for Penn Station. Nicely crispy crusts!
Best pizza in the city for years love this place!
Two eggs on the breakfast sandwich. The best place to stop for a sub when leaving the city.
Fast, greasy and delicious. Big slices.
Always deliciulous.
It's train station pizza... you know what you're getting yourself into...
Mario kissed my hand twice and proposed to me creepily. Go down to 14th St Organic Gourmet at 9th Ave to buy your munchies in peace unharassed by creepy proprietors.
Seafood spagetti w. Cream sauce.  Comes with a salad, seaweed soup and kimchi for $10
Try #3...chicken cutlet with honey mustard sauce. Superb!!
I am no longer going to pump. What good is "health" food when employees handle money and food with same gloves. Made several comments to Mgmt over past few months and nothing changes.
Pernil is out of this world. So are the red beans. Trust me. I'm Dominican.
Best Cuban sandwich I've had in a very long time. Brought me back to when I lived in the LES before it became fancy pantsy.
The Cuban Sandwich was delicious!! Definitely recommended.
Ridiculously the best Cuban Sandwich ever....
Chicken hero. Be sure you ask for dark meat, with the skin on. Vinaigrette sauce
Best homemade hot sauce.
Best Cuban sandwich I've had in the city so far.
great food overall and customer service is really good,they make you feel like a home
By far, the best sandwich is the Cuban.
You must have the pernil! For $8 a plate its delicious!
serious eats recommends the chicken sandwich, but it's totally underwhelming.  all the stewed meat and rice and beans that other people were eating looked really tasty though.
I'm pretty sure I had food poisoning from eating here. I will stick to Murray's (my favorite) from now on.
I ordered from them on seamless, cut me turkey from tip of breast...brown and dry. They are not very good at understanding how to make a edible sandwich. Won't eat here again.
Don't ask for a BLT, it will blow their mind.
Order the pumpernickel bagel with hummus and cucumber. Yumm!
Try the Blueberry spread....hmmn
Try the whitefish salad! Get more info here: http://bit.ly/M5EPqa
Vegetable tofu cc is great
Good bagels, disappointing cookies.
Hole-in-the wall bagel shop. The ladies behind the counter are very nice but service is disorganized & super slow. However my egg and cheese on a bagel was pretty delicious. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great flat bagels for breakfast
Get the everything bagels. Arrive early to avoid lines.
A quintessential NY bagel joint. The smoked fish and spreads are mouthwateringly good, and there’s no substitute for a hangover breakfast of a fried egg, bacon, and cheese on an everything bagel.
The best bagel lox schmear in NY!
Everything bagel w. Egg and cheese, plus coffee for ~$5? Great breakfast.
great bagels!  the lox was not so great though.
Best bagels and whitefish in nyc. Black and whites are really good too.
Bagels are great, service really sucks
Chocolate chip cookies are amazing!
Baked salmon salad is delicious.
Toasted sesame bagel with lox, please.
A 2nd place bagel shop to ess-a-bagel
Best bagels in NEW YAWK! Great coffee and cookies, too.
toasted poppyseed with butter everything untoasted with creamcheese
Try the quesadilla station. Overstuffed and cheaper than any other place in midtown. Delicious.
Best bang for your buck in midtown.  They stuff the sandwiches as if they're feeding a small village!
The black rice with veges is great !!  I would pass on the Brussels sprouts. Over cooked
Great breakfast, generally excellent food, however skip the ramen, it was bad.
Got a package of "fresh cut pineapple" and choked on a piece of a plastic utensil that was stuck in a slice of the pineapple. Disgusting.
Where else can you get udon, ramen, buffet/salad bar, burritos, salads, hot/cold sandwiches, panini and free samples all in one place?
Choc chip cookies on Fridays!
*their* sorry for the typo
They use to have mice, heard a couple of horror stories from my coworkers, not to mention there inspection grade is pending....I'll pass
The Udon soup with spices is my cure for the common cold.
Store managers chick is milfy as hell. And likes to party
Paul, the store manager, is awesome!
Skip the overpriced "Asian kitchen" area. Instead go to the salad bar and ask for Vincent. His salad game is cash money.
Bibimbab!
Slammin egg & cheese bagel.
Cafe Metro across the Street from Jay Suites Grand Central.
Extremely crowded during lunch hours obviously, the lines tend to get stagnant and the whole operation is kind of a cluster but the food was decent. Vegan wrap is under portioned but tasty.
The pasta here is so good!
The staff is so friendly!
$5 sandwiches this month only!!
Offers comprehensive bkfst options- including turkey sausage, egg whites, whole grain rolls for the health conscious. Fresh OJ is good. Discount if you work in the building.
Sundays are nice here. Pork ribs, pork sausage and the brisket were all great. Don't really need much BBQ sauce, it's really well cooked.
This food is terrible and the service was as equally as bad!
Order the nachos appetizer and a round of tequila shots -- you won't be disappointed! The staff was exceptional and service quick.
The tacos are great, especially the lengua.
Great sangria in a festive atmosphere
Fun atmosphere, friendly staff and  makes one of the best passion fruit margaritas I've ever had!!!
Love the chicken enchiladas with poblano mole
veggie burrito is awesome. huge too
The staff is the best! Food and drinks are so great and the prices simply the Best!
Margaritas are the Bomb
best nachos and frozen drinks!
Come in at noontime for Sombrero hour. Anyone wearing a sombrero or genuine hubador gets 50% off their check.
Great happy hour specials, good food as well
dont get the salads
Always perfect food and service, two people about $25-30
Love this place!  Tina and the staff are happy and so sweet..food is awesome! Prices are great! Cannot beat it in NYC!
Love it here. Even without the margarita I want so bad
Great mojitos!
Why are people throwing so much shade on this place? My margarita is strong and not too sweet.
Delicious mango margaritas prepared by Rubens. Love the quesadillas!
Don't understand the bad tips left here. Suspect. Great food. Amazing strong drinks. Wait staff is amazing. Priced perfect. One of the best hangs in hood.
Tina is the best - 22 years on!
Love this place!  Margaritas are amazing and so is the jalepeno sangria!
Excellent michhellada
Avoid! We try this place every few months hoping it gets better and always disappoints. There's one waitress that's great but otherwise forget it. Shame.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the strawberry magaritas & chicken fajitas! Omg! & the service is wonderful! The taquitos are a delish appetizer. Love it here!
Margarita! Thanks Tina!
This place is extremely over priced and there's practically NO alcohol in the margaritas.  Don't waste your money and time!  btw my stomach feels kind of weird.
is it the outstanding food or the fantastic people? love salsa y salsa!
Best margaritas I've had in a LONG time!
they carry Manhattan Special Espresso Coffee Soda in the coolers in back! great find.
Buy the truffles. All the truffles. Okay, this place is a little too pricey to buy them all, so just be sure to try the cocoa-covered ones!
$19 for 1 small (8) and 1 medium box (15) of truffles $18 1 large box of 24 truffles ($36 value) A perfect stocking stuffer for the ultimate chocolate lover! ->
a meat as a rubber, not true
The Service has gone down.  They mess up orders alot now. May have to start going to 3rd ave
Hot chocolate is good
It's 24/7.
My favorite coffee!
For best results, make sure you add in a little Tender Loving Care
Amazing big pineapple pizza. Anyone who likes Hawaiian pizza definitely get this
Try the Tri Color Quinoa Salad - #fresh #healthy #vegetarian #training1 (via @Foodspotting)
Thin crust. It's what the doctor ordered.
The Shroomtown pizza is one of my favorites.
They have Primitivo most of the times. And their pizzas are great. Feels like Puglia...
No by-the-slice. Fantastic thin crust
LOVE this super thin pizza. Aldo adore their garlic bread with cheese- one order prob has 6-7 pieces!
Try the Classic Thin Crust (via @Foodspotting)
The apple cheddar salad is delicious and so is the spicy garden pizza.
Try the Cheddar And Apple Salad With Pumpkin Seeds And Lemon Vinaigrette - #light #fresh #vegetarian #citrus #refreahing (via @Foodspotting)
Bitchy waitstaff but the shroomtown is too good to resist.
All their food is super fresh and yummy. The salads are incredible. The pizzas and toppings are incredible!
Try the Beet salad with goat cheese - #sweet #light #satisfying #healthy #vegetarian (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Beet salad with goat cheese - #fresh #delicious #healthy #dressingonside (via @Foodspotting)
Thin crust, amazingly fresh & cooked to crisp perfection in stone oven. Try the ""shroomtown"" you won't be disappointed.
Credible and enjoyable. Good for delivery as well.
Strolled upon this place mid day and it's a hidden gem.  great pies.
Their Arugula and Beet Salad is amazing!
Excellent pies, surprisingly delicious salads, and outdoor seating usually available
Very good pizza!
Crispy, fresh and thin....Sounds good to me!
the best pizza i've had in the city, as well as some of my favorite salads. cozy atmosphere. some of the waiters are mean but that's it's only downfall.
Margarita pizza.
If you're looking for a cute, romantic place to have dinner, this is the place to go to.  Everything is good here!
Bitch waitress. Excuse my language. I almost walked out without paying but I knew my guilt would eat me up inside.
Grab a seat at the outdoor picnic tables and enjoy great pizza. I recommend the pesto crust.
DAMNNNNN the PIZZA was sooooooooooo GOOD! they have personal size pizza, make your own or order from a very delicious list.
Best thin crust pizza in the city!
Best pizza ever.
Crispy and fresh, this thin-crust pizza doesn’t leave you feeling stuffed and greasy. Go when the weather is right because seating outside is much more enjoyable.
Err got ripped off the 2nd time I was there. They over charged me!!! Sooo annoyed. Didn't realized until I got home :(
One of the best renditions of macaroons on this side of the pond.
Caramel fleur de sel macarons are something that can't be described with words.  Everything a french macaron should be.
raspberry millefeuille
The salted caramel macarons are to die for!
Place is very small and crowded during lunch time....better to order online and pick up. Fast and good prices
Terrible service! The food is descent, but not worth the service!
Good food, good prices, fast service.
bad customer service..
Horrible service and I found a hair in my food.
Try the crazy roll and aki roll.
Decent Midtown diner. Nothing special, but I suppose that's the point of diners.
Watch out for people playing Cee-Lo and blasting music from Boom Boxes
Hello my name is precious i see you here and find you interesting and i wil like to know more of you ,could you pls contact me direct to my email (precio1987@yahoo.com)
Besim, the owner is so sweet!  Ryan, the bartender rocks it!  The rest of the staff is awesome as well!  Such a fun neighborhood place!
Don't eat here. It's not worth the noise the heat or the heartburn.
The tiramisu is amazing!
Unnecessary brunch DJ.
One of the best Italian eateries in Manhattan!
Dont expect conversation ... No sexy whispers in the ear more like screaming at ppl next u #fun
Pro-tip: Saturday all you can drink prices are substantially less. Competitively priced food. Give it a whirl.
So easy to get drunk here
Included 20% tip = really bad service...WHERE'S THE TRANNIES!!!
Check out 92.3nowfm
Jimmy Prada is the best bartender & DJ. He's also pretty hot. Make sure to check him out at the bar!
Twenty dollar all-you-can-get-drunk-with!!! Hello!
This is the NYC Cheers and I guess I am Norm
brunch is amazing.  but get there around 12:30 (or earlier) if you don't want to wait for a table.
Great choice for brunch. Super affordable, great drinks and food, stellar service, good house music.
Better than expected. Great service, good food, moderate prices. 20th anniversary prix fixe--get full size appetizer, entree and dessert for $20! Great deal.
Risotto Verde and the Baccala were excellent
eat the stuffed pork loin
Watch an old classic Italian film with the bartender in good company while enjoying dessert
Get the Chicken Panang Curry in a rainy day.
They have the best lunch special around and the food is super yummy!
Staff was pleasant, fast service & large portions of Food & the Shrimp is amazing
Try the Aged Pork Chop, soo yummy!
Great place to stop by and get a filling lunch and maybe a few drinks when you are in the neighborhood.
Best and Cheapest Thai in the city!
Best chicken pad thai I've had thus far in NYC
Good, simple and cheap. I enjoy the golden fritters to start.
Try the Samui Pad Thai With Tofu (via @Foodspotting)
Love this place! Great amount of food for a decent price. The Drinks are awesome as well.
Get the lunch special! Delicious food, generous portion, eat half and save the rest for dinner.
Staff can be snooty, especially for a mediocre and overpriced spot. Better atmosphere and attitudes a few blocks north at Spice Classic.
Don't get the drunk man noodle, it tastes like noodles dipped in ketchup.
Try the saketini's but hold the passion fruit
Lunch specials are on point.  Strongly suggest the shrimp pad thai. Very rich in flavor!! I am in love the atmosphere here.
Crispy pots tickers are pretty delicious, and my go to meal is definitely the 6 o'clock train spicy fried rice with chicken.
Best lunch specials . Very filling
Try the sticky rice :)
Phad Thai is amazing. I also love the Caesar salad!!! If you call ahead of time and pick up its super quick!!
Try ... um ... anything! Lovely Thai Food!
Siamese fried rice FTW!
Drunkmans noodles are the way for. With sweet chilli sauce. OMG
The duck comfort noodle is excellent , full of five spice and exactly like its name comforting
Best musammam curray, courteous and efficient staff!
Pad Thai is amazing!!
The curry and fried rice were awesome! Skip the summer rolls next time though!
The lychee mimosas r the bomb!! Chicken wings r great too
Pretty good appetizers. The sake bombs taste great and will get you blitzed!
Papaya salad is best I've ever had. To die for. Very spicy :)
The pad thai lunch portion is huge!
It's a KTU party up in here! Let the music play!
The tuna sub is great for summer and the meatball for winter!
The door at the back does indeed lead to a bathroom... No sign
Bring your student ID and save .90 cents on a footling meal
so delicious, really.
The food is *always* amazing and you can't beat the wine special!
Great prices and a hotspot for Columbia students. Rigatoni Alla Siciliana (front) is amazing! Beware of cash only policy.
Cash only... Get the cheesecake it's dat next level grub.
Try the fettuccine al sugo Toscano is amazing. You won't regret it.
This is simply the best lasagna I've ever had.
DO NOT GO HERE WITH TODDLERS OR BABIES!!  One high chair, and they're VERY rude about it!!
Uhhhh this place was weird for me. Staff was unattentive and the food wasn't that good. I had some weird salad and I drained it in parm cheese to get a taste lol
Have the lasagna!
Wild boat fuscilli !
This great neighborhood Italian restaurant offers simple dishes that focus on the quality of the ingredients. Their menu features freshly made pastas and an Italian-heavy wine list.
Their chicken pollo Marsala is delicious
It's hard to believe just how good the lasagna is here!
Recommended dishes - gnocchi, risotto, caprese! The mozzarella is soo good. Cash only!
Amazing place. Great service. Must have for uptown folk
The salads didn't seem fresh, the plates didn't look clean, the broccoli and Italian sausage pasta was meh. Overrated.
Their wine list is amazing and quite reasonable.  This is an excellent spot for dinner and wine with a loved one or some friends.
LOVED the homemade meat sause!
Terrible service.  Avoid if at all possible.
Wild boat pasta so good!!
Casual and welcoming trattoria!  Start with the Crostino con Carciofi and then move on to the spectacular Linguini del Pescatore or the Baccala al Forno.
roasted beef was huuugggeeee
Black Linguini! Bring cash and prepare to got cozy with your neighbors.
Try the mozzarella eggplant rigatoni. Bring cash though- this adorable place is cash only.
The broccoli rabe is unreal, get a side order of it.
if the sfogliatta here is the same as it is at max cafe, it's microwaved and NOT good at all.
try their sfogliatta!
One could essentially live here. All the food, coffee and wine you need to get through finals
Pleasant place to sit and read/do work, but internet won't always work. Great coffee and nice service, but overpriced and mediocre food
Never able to connect to the WiFi here...that makes it good for being productive though!!
Cozy atmosphere, but not worth the service. refused to even take our drink orders until our last joined us. Forgot items or charged us twice for others. Was stopped b/c our tip wasn't satisfactory.
A regular after-work hangout, pleasant outdoor seating when it's warm, interior decor is eclectic and stylish, free wifi. Service is great when Maria is working, otherwise it's just OK.
Get The Tuna Toscano salad!!
Joe's Latte is better...
Chiken, mango & asparagus panini is great.
Sweet jams playing
Place is very chill, but the service is dull. If the server smiled, I could overlook the slowness
Max cafe is way shittier food than I remember + they don't have bacon & there's no such thing as a refill on coffee.  At least they have wifi & you can hide away in the corner forever.
Ham and gruyere tramezzini is delicious and only $5.95!
Try the croque madame, impressive!
Best coffee ever
$10 minimum on credit purchases!
Slow service. Had to ask for the bill twice.
Try the Mango Chicken Panino!!! De-Lish!!!
Danesi coffee is the best! Chill out on the couch and relax about the service, just enjoy the space.
Did NOT like the Sangria (red or white) Red was bland. White tasted like dish soap.
Relax! Have some coffee or a drink and worry about the time.
The Mediterranean Salad (fruit, walnuts, yogurt, and honey) is quite refreshing and a wonderful gluten-free option that is filling.
Great atmosphere, service is a hit or miss. You can stay for hours and not get kicked out.
the music in this place is so bizarre, but I love the atmosphere otherwise.
wifi password is in a bowl at the bar.
Pepper steak!
I agree with Angelo- pretty bad. I'm a good eater and not picky, but I could only take a few bites and had to spit the rest out.
Worst pizza I ever had
Staff is friendly!
One the busiest spots to grab dinner, because its one of the best chicken in town. ;)
Boston Market’s eGift Cards make it easy to give your Facebook friends & family a home-style meal this holiday season.  http://apps.facebook.com/egiftsocial/?url=BostonMarket
Order the roast beef wrap with chipotle sauce. Heaven in your mouth.
Read the inscriptions on the wooden tables if you need to kill time
Cheapest drinkable coffee on campus.
Great drink selection, yummy sandwiches, and the coffee's cheaper here than at Butler Cafe.
Great sandwiches.
COFFEE!
24/7 and got all essentials. Good customer service!
They changed the coffee and they realized the competition with the Dominican Nieghbors.. Green mountain coffee people have been called in and the McCafe is much better.
Make sure you order with Jose "el principe" as his name tag says
The Wi Fi is never working, even if you log in, it's just a waste of time, This must be the only McDonald's with NO INTERNET, and of course is in my hood.
If you don't speak spanish, they WILL get your order wrong.
Good Customer Service from the Morning Crew!!!!
Do not try the caramel cappacino, u have been warned!
This is a very colorful McDonald's, which is saying a great deal considering the chain. I once sat down to work at my computer, and a lady asked if she could sit down and join me.
They're iced coffee taste like McGarbage! Skip it. Other than that everything's okay.
Hi, can I herp you?
"We delivery"
Very clean & friendly staff; Enjoy the quiet there;
Get The shamrock shake while it lasts!!!
one of the nicest Mickey D's and cleanest. You always see a lady with a mop and the staff are always polite.
Don't ask for a milkshake. The machine is always broken.
Srsly...worst coffee ever.
Closed early August :(
Try the waffles with banana and chocolate
No credit card minimum
Crepes with strawberries and nutella = the BEST
me and my uncultured neighbors seem to like having cultured things in the area ..
Me and my uncultured coubterpa
have brought him a ton of business then what he is currently getting with these uncultured locals. But whatev!
This guy is an idiot! You turn away someone who walked from Madison Ave to Broadway to try your ScoutMob deal. Little does he know, I could
Mon-Sat: 7a-11p. Sun: 10a-8p. Recently opened up. Small spot, taking orders to go. Yes, they have Nutella!
Yep. The ho fun. Just there when I need it.
Best Chinese food in the city
The best bread! With butter mmm delish
Don't buy the mozzarella sticks they taste like fish sticks.
Their pizza is something you can't miss out on, stop in if you're in the Bronx
Their pizza is something you can't miss out on, stop in if you're in the Bronx
The best pizza around this community and the staff are super grounded and cool people.
The Pizza is okay meh actually...but it is the best around here
$4.95 hot dish deals from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Lasagna, chicken parm and other hot dish selections...The staff is friendly.
Eggs saganaki...so good.
The bar service is terrible. That has to get better.
Butternut squash soup is off the hook and on the Restaurant Week menu, so go for it!
Amazing food and ambiance
One of the best restaurants in New York City a must visit, don't forget to try the Helga's Meatballs Atmosphere is amazing and Chef Marcus is quite a gentleman, check out the bar downstairs JAZZ
Jerk bacon and egg at brunch is to die for. Sadly the Obama-tini doesn't live up to its name.
really good place. reasonable price
Shockingly thrilled with the collard greens. Dare I say they're better than most people's grandma's homemade? Must try!
Trendy but Overpriced. Great vibe & crowd but the food always disappoints. The cornbread is pretty amazing though. Save your money & just go for drinks @ the bar. For great soul food go to Melba's.
Hoagie Svenska ($6.95)
Yard Bird and mac and cheese. Go downstairs for some great music, beautiful people and booty shakin'.
Loved the biscuits and gravy, and arugula salad. Red Rooster is a great place to have dinner before heading to see a film at @myimagestudios. @oteloburning Opens Nov. 30!
I'm  glad they have a hurricane special today.
the mud pie is a must have for dessert. This is so fucking delicious!
Amazing people watching. They have a great band playing tonight too... Will be back!
Gotta try the chicken!!!!!
Harlem: Saturday and Sunday brunches hear are rumored to be incredible!  Prices vary pending dish and cocktails.
Corn bread is good, but not worth the hype.   The dirty rice and shrimp is not good. Very plain and not worth the price. The fried chicken was decent. I would only come back to hang out at the bar.
No es la mejor comida del mundo. El pan de maiz es muy rico y los tragos son medio caros. It's not the best food that one could possibly try. The cornbread is really good.Drinks are kinda pricy.7/10
Don't order the blackened catfish. Too many different flavors in one dish.
The Crab Cakes and The Yard Bird are amazing. Must have dishes
Impossible to get a reservation? Check out @mastercard's #pricelessNY promotion http://www.mastercard.us/priceless-cities/newyork/category.html?category=culinary
Check out the gospel brunch. Starts at 11:30am, no reservations.
Get the lamb bunny chow you won't regret it!  You also can't go wrong with the gravlax, a tribute to Samuelsson's native Sweden.
Drinks are expensive but worth it! Never know who you'll see here #celebsightings
Yes, chef is a lovely cocktail!
Grilled Chicken Sandwich was awesome. Was a little worried about "pickled vegetables" but was great.
Corn bread mandatory. Obv. Mac and cheese, fried yardbird... It's top-notch and worth the trip.
Ask Tiffany to make the Blackwell Mezcal drink for you!
This is a hip, diverse bar crowd that is very friendly.Have the Harlem Chowder and the salmon.
Swedish chef Marcus Samuelsson’s town house in Harlem serves a mix of multi-culti comfort food (fried “yardbird,” cured meats, and fish tacos). It's every bit as fun and stylish as the chef himself.
Get the salads!
Alternative if you don't feel like eating Hajji's sandwiches.
The best chicken spot on the planet has closed after decades of service.Now replaced by Empanadas Monumental.What a disgrace
This place is closed
Best fried chicken of all time
Good. Fast. Food.
Cantonese won ton.  Need I say more
Much better than Golden City (next door).
Now on corner of 37th St. and 7th Ave. Tuesdays thru Friday.  Looks like everything $10 and under.  Free delivery as well.
Truck now located on corner of 37th St. and 7th Ave. Monday thru Friday.  Looks like everything is $10 or under.  Free delivery as well.
Atendimento excelente! Agora que aprendi o caminho não quero mais Fast Food.
Feijoada brasileiríssima!! Vale a pena, principalmente em dias frios!
Que delicias
Mariana, una de nuestras viajeras, les recomienda compartir un plato de frijoles fritos y yuca. ¿Qué te pareció? Cuéntanos en Aprendí.
A comida é muito boa, mas o serviço e o preço deixam a desejar.
Precisam rever a iluminação. Tá indireta demais. #dica :)
Hora de matar a saudade do Brasil. Comida gostosa. Prato individual serve até duas pessoas se o tamanho da fome for pequeno. Atendimento razoável.
Comida tradicionalmente brasileira. A picanha no espeto é bem saborosa, porém o atendimento poderia ser melhor. Todos falam português. Bom para matar a saudade do Brasil. ;)
Not the best Brazilian around but you can have some of the traditional dishes here.
good food... prices r not that bad..... nice place to take a date on.....
The short rib, skirt steak and yucca fries are heavenly. The meat is super tender and seasoned to perfection! The yucca fries are crispy and fresh. Yum!
The host didn't accommodate our preference for another table. I didn't like that. And they also forgot our appetizers. Will avoid this place in the future.
Slow impersonal service.  Food is ok.
Feijoada is awesome well enough food for 2
Got try the especial drink from Brazil called caipirinha.
Get the bean water, it's to die for.
Try the Rio Grande
Terrible service! Slow to refill water, so slow to bring drinks. They overcharged us on the bill. When my gf who's is Brazilian asked about it the waiter got pissed and was very rude to them.
Darling ambiance, al fresco seating, service excellent. Brazillian food to die for. Can see why you've been coming here Bruno G.  It's a gem. Love the Brazilian hot peppers they provide on the side.
Been going to this restaurant for years every time I'm in the city. I usually eat the feijoada, but everything is usually great.
The V.I.P. is quite simply an astonishingly delicious sandwich
The sandwiches are delicious !
Get a #18, no peppers, add kalamata olive spread!
Can't go wrong with any sandwich on the menu. Tastes like Italy.
Amazing sandwiches and salads. Also, try the rice balls!
Wow. The sandwiches are incredible. Easily one of the best restaurants in a 5 block radius. If you like places like Torrisi in NoHo, you will love this. Fresh mozzarella, delicious pesto. So good.
Best cannolis ever. Seriously, my life is complete.
This place is still such a cluster fuck... May be my last time coming. 20 minute wait for a to-go sandwich...
Tip on Avocado Salad: "Yumm... Great on the first day of spring!".
Tip on Double Espresso : "There's no better way to start the day with the neighborhood espreso.".
Tip on Chicken Parmigian Panini: "Yumm.  Authentic Italian food!".
Tip on Eggplant Parmigiana Panini: Yummy!.
Mouthwatering Italian sandwiches – our favorites are the Il VIP, The Trentino, Marche and Abruzzo.  Make sure to brows their various bars as well.
Best Genuine Italian Food Hands Down
These guys make their own mozzarella throughout the day.   Can't get any fresher than that.
#13 is well worth the incredibly long wait
With food this good, of course it gets crowded. Avoid the long lines at lunch by getting in early... Or late!
The il VIP lives up to its name.  Get it.
Sandwiches are pricey, but damn good.
Authentic Italian panini
In a hurry? Keep walking.
Not cheap but excellent. Especially Mozzarella salad. Bring your own wine or get beer at the shop next door.
Get here at noon on the dot, place is packed by 12:15!!
Sandwiches are amazing! Salads suck. Place is chaotic & unorganized but I think they're getting better. Be prepared to wait -- it's worth it!
Love it here but gotta say they are completely unorganized--they get in their own way...still, phenomenal food!
Expensive but worth it - number 7 and 14 are my favorites
Even their salads rock. And very nice staff.
The line is really confusing.  You're supposed order on the side and then pay for your sandwich.
Get the specials during lunch hours or you'll wait forever...
Anything with fresh mozz. Best sandwiches in the hood.
Do not leave without trying the corn creme brulee. It is like nothing and everything you think it will be.
the 24 oz aged rib eye is ridiculous with their homemade sauce. the sides, yorkshire creamed spinach and corn creme brulee, are interesting spins on two my of favorite classic steak side dishes.
My fave steakhouse in the city! Def try the quality potato and corn creme brûlée. They also have an excellent ice cream selection!
Bone marrows is a must, and a fresh selection of oysters
НАМНОГО лучше Гудмана:)
Love the creme brulee corn and bone marrow. Also love the atmoshpere.
The bone-in filet, which is regularly on their list of specials, is a life-changing experience. You're welcome.
Great food better service
East coasters should drink more Red Zin - just saying
Not just lunch and dinner. Pop in and pick up an ice cream desert
Personal-Sized Ice Cream Cake
Great place, but FLIMSY STEMS on the wine glasses
Filet trio is great
Bone Marrow is a Must.  Wine list is great
Street meat!!!! Mmmmmmm yummy! Love ya poo nose!
Try the 28 Day Dry Aged Bone In Rib Eye With Red Wine Butter  - The biggest steak ever. And so tasty!   (via @Foodspotting)
favorite steak house in the city
Amazing Lemonade ! Try the "old english" wow!
Great place.  But I've been sitting at the bar for an hour and they constantly "marry" the bottles of wine they open.  Sick.
Corn creme brûlée. I think it made my mouth pregnant.
Great food and drink in prime midtown. The corn crème brûlée is quite novel. The steaks and chops and seafood are all recommended (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tonight's the night for a BULLDOG on the rocks. Go on, be bold. Hold the mixers, take the ice.
Excelente restaurante de Carnes. Impossível conseguir lugar sem reserva. Lota a semana inteira! Imperdível! Conheça esse restaurante se vier a NY!
The tomato & mozarella appetizer is superb. Never had a bad meal, and the staff and managers run it tightly. Great place for a date. You won't want to leave.
The desserts are so good!
Rosemary Bread and butter is divine. Scallops are a must oysters and wine are great too.
Buen servicio  buena comida buena carta de vinos españoles.
Gnochi and cheese. Delicious!!! Monster mash dessert. Yummm :)
A place calling itself Quality Meats better have the goods. These cuts come from gourmand-approved butchers Milton Abeles and Strassburger Meats.
Ice cream banana cakes s'more.  Yum
Yummy grilled chicken
Never again!
Seriously...they are dumb!! How hard is it to understand that I want a grilled piece of chicken, and a plain potato?!?? Not a piece of chicken insde the potato!!!
I don't think they understand how to operate the radio.
Excellent cup of coffee and a fresh plain croissant for only $2.75. Also has a big deli and hot foods. Just around the corner from Times Square.
eat a sandwich with flatbread, very filling and tasty!
Submarine sandwiches & salads
This is one of the nicest, cleanest most modern Subways I have ever been to.  Plenty of seating.
Know what you want when you get in line. These guys move so fast during lunch rush they'll take your order long before you get to the counter.  Great for a quick stop!
the line moves REALLY fast
Only @ this Location - Great Lunch Special $4.99 (6'' Sandwhich of day, soda & chips)Monday - Ham Tuesday - MeatballWednesday - Cold Cut TrioThursday - Spicy Italian Friday - Tuna$4.99 chips dri
There's gonna be a line if you go between 1pm and 3pm.  But they have an 8 person assembly line behind the counter, so the line moves rather quickly.
Order online from subwaynow.com during peak hours
The traditional rose water ice cream is probably the best I've had.
The best middle eastern in the NYC. And it's honor with Michelin Star/ Michelin bib gourmand!
Upper East Side Favorite! Best Middle Eastern Ever!
Upper East Side Michelin Recommended Persian Cuisine!
The kofti and sour cherry rice was spectacular
If you can't decide on the chicken or beef kabob ask for one of each.  They are great.
the salmon kebab with cherry rice is excellent.
Best "koobideh" kabob in the city--take it from a Persian.
Very good upscale service excellent autentic persian food
The Eggplant Mirza is Mirza is delicious
Get the saffron chicken (jujeh) with sour cherry rice, with a tabuleh salad!
the Gyro Platter is a great value! delicious, too.
Say hello to Christos. Loved this great family owned restaurant!
Flaming cheese!!!!
This restaurant has been a gathering place for Columbia students and faculty for 40 years.  Symposium specializes in Greek staples, eggplant dip, kebabs, pasta, and moussaka are all on the menu.
Ask for the flaming cheese!
The BEST.  Always a pleasure for lunch.  Service always good & never a bad meal.  Saganaki is a MUST.  Don't even think about not ordering it.
Best Greek in NYC!!  Order the potpourri of Greek foods and a symposium salad!!
If you go in a big group and say you'll be paying in cash, they might help you out.
The Symposium Salad is fantastic. It isn't a salad though. It's dips. The pita bread is homemade and fabulous!
The menu is too artsy. Bring your glasses if you can't read small print and patience.
So good! Symposium salad and flaming cheese are awesome, as is basically everything on the menu!
Great lamb shanks!
Get the symposium salad. Those dips are soooo good.
Really not anything special, sorry to say. Nothing I ate here made me want to come back.
Olives? I'm sold
Fantastic Italian and impeccable service. Bon appetito!
go fur prix-fix lunch. yummm
Careful if you ask for a burrata; it's not the typical burrata, just buffala mozzarella wraped in prosciutto.
Ask for the daily specials and try the homemade pasta. Just Wow!
The lobster crepes are a fantastic starter, but make sure you leave room for the exquisite chocolate cake.
Such a great place for lunch or dinner. Tasty pre-fix choices. Delicious homemade pasta. Friendly staff.
Excellent service.
Crabcakes are the best!
Tegamino for an appetizer
Woderful. Great selection of the Brunellos at excelent price. Don't forget to make reservations. Yes, the burrata cheese and proscuitto is the best for start.
Pay close attention when the server is telling you the dinner specials. He speaks very fast and with a thick Italian accent. These guys are the real deal. Get the eggplant. Delicious.
Wonderful, friendly service and creative dishes. Great wine selection/prices. I love their appetizer specials, especially the burrata cheese and proscuitto.  The fish and homemade pastas are stand-out
My favorite bodega in the neighborhood. Nice guys (family-run business), good egg sandwiches & coffee. Small grocery & deli w/ tasty hot food made fresh. And they didn't close during Sandy!
Get a bacon egg and cheese on a roll. Taste great. Cool pplz
With black and white movies flickering against brick walls, this cozy and intimate Italian restaurant features rich food and delicious wine.
Restaurant Review: Get the Intimo Experience http://exm.nr/zSbqu7
The foods pretty good but the waiters are clueless.
Not super loud. Pretty good bar seating area - especially if you can get the couches by the window.
Good happy hour on the upper east side!
great drinks. Great place.
Greeeeeat place!!
Yet another upscale restaurant and club in one. Standard-ish Italian menu (from spaghetti frutta di mare to veal saltimboca). Kitchen open until 3AM on weekends.
August 4th special twitter party! buy one drink get one drink free! 9-11pm, come! its only for you
Everything is amazing, and the new bartender is the shizzz ;)
They have bagels with lox.
Bypass this place. The white sauce is sickly sweet.
Best deal in town.  Two slices and a soda for $2.75.  Spices are free!
The homemade flake noodle is very yummy!
Wear clothes that you won't mind smelling like chicken broth for a couple of days afterwards.
all about those handmade noodles
This place's kimchi is the best in K-town... yammy
Chicken Karjaebi handmade soup noodle and kimchi pancake with Rice cakes...! My new favorite Korean place:)
Hand made noodles are soooo good! Huge portions!
Anchovy broth Kal Jae Bi is the best!
Chicken kaljaebi is the way to go
Best seafood pancake in ktown!
Do not order the dish on the New York Times clipping taped to the wall. Very bland.
Anything for two is sufficient for four people, unless you have a huge huge appetite :)
Take the creaky stairs or elevator up to the 3rd fl. Friendly service with huge bowls of noodles. Too bad the food is bland in every way.
The anchovy soup is really flavorful, and not fishy at all! Try that if you want something different than chicken noodle soup!
Giant portions!
try the "dough flakes" - nice and chewy noodles in a flavorful chicken broth.
Love their chicken soup with dough flakes and kimchi seafood soup with dough flakes :-)
get the dough flakes with chicken broth. do not bother with the seafood soup. overall, this place gets a C in my book.
This place got a C. Yikes!
김치 해물 칼국수 맛있어요 ㅎ
Check out the jumbo chicken kar-jaebi noodle soup. ($9.99) "It’s so chicken-y, it serves as a reliable reminder of what the bird can and should taste like."
Huge portions (soups can feed 2!) and some good veg options. Very authentic- most of the signage is in Korean, but the service is friendly
Portions are enormous so order well
chicken noodle broth is so creamy. must try!
Dough flakes!
Get the kimchi pancake with little pieces of rice cake embedded inside and sujebi!
Get the seafood pancake and a bowl of these homemade noodles, which is enough for two to share!  Absolutely delicious!
Great stuff. Portions are huge! Try the seafood bowl with flaked (?) noodles. Also add chum charum soju and OB beer. :)
Get the chicken soup- bring a friend- you still won't finish one bowl.
One bowl of noodles is enough for two people!
Pick chicken over seafood noodle soup
Prices are vey high for what it is (average midtown deli)  Bfast specials aren't too bad though
"Real Dreams Vol 1: Passion"             http://amzn.to/NR5F1N
Try the Bronco!
Their breakfast omlette platter is super good (w/ mushroom and cheese)-> $4.00 on MTW , not too crowded during lunch.
Try the Paccheri Alla Barese
Tiene pinta de caro peto no lo es...
came here for dessert - glorious! wait staff is super friendly and unpretentious, and the food is unreal. basil gelato changed my life.
Try cocktails by Igor Zukowiec from ALCHEMIQ Mixology!
Try cocktails by Igor Zukowiec from ALCHEMIQ Mixology!
Try the Braised Beef Short Rib Raviolo - Goooood! (via @Foodspotting)
Wonderful food great service and not so pricy to make you wince!  New favourite midtown Italian
Try the Pom Acai Punch! Delish!
Slow lunch service and expensive but the Caesar salad is divine.
Deli carpaccio and veggie lasagna!
Caesar salad and lobster ravioli
Good service but bland and way overpriced food. Had the Branzino. Not very tasty.
Friday's 5-7pm free apps and $5 Margs & sangria!
DJ is always late
Great service here.
If you can get the dude with plucked eyebrows to actually look at you get an extra shot
Tasty little snack. Salted Chocolate Covered Almonds. 300 cal. 7g Protein. 24g carbs. -- quite salty, but good.
The best staff .. Very friendly and fast
Worst. Starbucks. Ever.  The people who work here have an average IQ of 75.
Smoothest And most efficiently run Starbucks in NYC ... Thanks to Ray
The staff is nice and friendly, but the clientele can be douchey!
Not a single outlet would work for me :(
Worst service and the staff curses too much. They should focus on learning how to make drinks correctly. Gross
This location doesn't open until 7.30am on Saturdays!
Apple Muffin is very good!
Baristo Ray is the man.
Authentic General Tso's, just like mom used to make back in China.
Best Pho within Bergen County. Beef or seafood combo are AWESOME
Spicy Jerk Beef King Size Pho, amazing stuff. Do it, do it.
Lots of parmesan cinches the $6 pie.
Not the best pizza but a good one . My tip is they sell a 6 dollar pie !!!!
Good shit!!!!
"Wonderful pizza, I like it!
Best pizza ever no really it is
Best tasting slice in the city. That's saying a lot because I'm a pizza aficionado. Try the sausage topping. You'll tank me.
They have great food and what's even better is how fast they deliver.
Order the roast pork with rice and beans, and make sure they give you a piece of crispy skin!
LOVE this place!! Get the roast pork !
This is the BEST cafe for breakfast in the city.  Inexpensive, good food, friendly staff.
Great chicken salad sandwiches.
Order the roast pork with rice and beans, and make sure they give you a piece of crispy skin!
Don't let the name fool you... great Latin food (especially the pernil with the crispy skin and meat that falls off the bone)
I've been coming here for years. Their tomato sauce on these pizzas is the bomb!!! They have good bar service. Lots of TV showing mostly soccer and major sporting events.
Good Salad, don´t bother ordering pizza...
Gramma pizza is the best.  Spinach, garlic...amazing
Best buffalo chicken pizza!!!
Bacon and tomato slice is delisious!
Best Buffalo Chicken pizza EVAR!
Go to the bar, enjoy pizza and beer
Grab a grandma slice, it's kinda delish
You can get beers to go on the pizza side. Looks like a soda!
Anyone who thinks this is good pizza has serious issues.
half bar, half pizza joint, pretty spacious.
To avoid lunch hour lines, belly up to the bar and order from the friendly bartender.
The best pizza in town.  Their beer in a cup is the best price in town and it's perfect if you want to avoid the boss' wrath!
Great pizza, and lots of TVs showing Sportscenter all during lunch.  Nice lunch spot.
Get the tomato and bacon pizza. It's delicious! The pizza side sells beer in paper soda cups for stealth drinking in the park but there's an actual bar too.
You can't beat the amazing $5 32 oz. Beers!!!
At the very least, you won't find a pepperoni slice with more pepperoni.
Don't get tap beer on the pizza side. It come in a soda/paper cup. Gross.
Yummy pizza
Pricy pricy and tasty. Spicy chicken pizza slice for $3.75 is not cheap but super tasty. I would go to this place only for pizzas. Pasta, salads s/w's 'ho-hum". (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome pizza, weird music!
Yum! Order online use july25 code for 25% off of order.
Definitely a 5 napkin slice!
Out of business!
Went here to eat and found out the place is closed.
Gluten Free pancakes FTW! Most of their menu can be made Gluten Free.
For gluten-free breakfast fans -- try both the french toast and pancakes.
Peter's always has the best Eggs Benedict and the largest servings of 'Breakfast Beverages' on the UES. Four stars.
Try the spinach flan appetizer
Excellent service! Ask for Sergio.
Try the Scallops (via @Foodspotting)
Great happy hour deals at the bar!
Get here early for happy hour: oysters on the half shell are only $1.  Typically before 6:30.
Come as you wish, order as you are. Call for a dirty martini made with BULLDOG tonight. BULLDOG, meet olive juice.
Try the mixed seafood platter - Yum fried seafood! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Dirty & Nice Martini - Happy Hour (via @Foodspotting)
Great octopus and phenomenal waitress Anna. Tip her well!
4 to 6pm half price $1 oysters and all beers wine.
Had the homemade pasta with seafood, mussels and skirt steak. Not impressed. zZzzz. Their free corn bread or whatever tastes like freezerburn.
Check Us Out www.kcnyphotography.com LIKE Us www.facebook.com/KCNYphotography Follow Us www.twitter.com/KCNYphotography
The butternut ravioli....wow
They have chocolate/raspberry vodka - yummy!!!
Get the Lobster Mac and Cheese!!
The mac and cheese with lobster is incredible. So are the shrimp tacos. The portions are perfect. All around a great place.
Holy crap the Moshi Mosh is the most delicious drink!
French toast with ham, cheese and eggs was yummy.
tuna and watermelon tartare
Frozen sangria worth repeating!
Pier 9's Frozen Sangria is one of the best slushy drinks I have ever had. Orangey, not too sweet, and potent.
Everything taste delish...i recommend the lobster salad, and the grilled swordfish belly
The eggs, bacon and home fries! Def the best brunch I've ever had! Ugh, that BACON!
Holy crap. The S'mores donut and chocolate pretzel ice cream sundae are the best things I've ever eaten.
Awesome happy hr, 50% off all drinks!!!!
Ummmm every negative tip on here (in regards to brunch anyway ) is wrong! You can order anything on their brunch menu and have unlimited drinks for$ 20 bucks flat! Everything is perfect!!! :-D
Phenomenal! Whole branzino, lobster salad, cumin carrots! The jalapeño corn biscuits are also divine
Phenomenal! Whole branzino, lobster salad, cumin carrots! The jalapeño corn biscuits are also divine
Um yeah, pass on this place. NEXT!
If you want eggs or french toast for brunch, they do not allow you to purchase unlimited cocktails.  You must order a brunch entree like a burger.. Who does that?  This place is not gonna last long.
Opening Soon!
Lol I like the people who complain about the service.  News flash: you're eating at McDonald's.  Your standards can't be that high.
NYPH gets 10% discount
Worst Mcdonald's I have ever been to.
Worst McDonalds ever, but if you're drunk and hungry it MIGHT be worth it.
I refused mayorship here, I feel proud...and slightly ashamed
Service is crappy, these people clearly have an attitude problem. Be careful, meat is sometimes still red here...bleghh
They take a long time to make fries
Not bad place to keep warm while waiting for a friend. Typical staff though...
If you like McDonald's you're in luck, because this is one of those.
Love this McDonald's, they have the best smoothies out of all the McDonald's I've been to.
These women have the worst attitudes EVER.  Don't go here and expect to be treated nicely. Gross.
The sweet tea is addictive!!
Delicious!!!!
I usually go to the soho location, I Love the dark chocolate cake, its worth every calorie.. So rich and dense..
Delicious chocolate cake!
Try the chocolate salami
Counter Culture coffee
Sarah is great addition to the staff
Get the green bean tempura. It's De-Lish-ous!
Use the bathroom furthest from the entrance - the photo opposite the toilet will make you giggle.
Try the lobster pierogies and octopus salad- amazing!
Secret Menu Item: Bacon Tempura
This Chelsea stalwart opened in 1999, when New York’s gallery scene was still transitioning to Chelsea. Now, the cozy restaurant is an art world dining institution.
Get the bacon tempura - not on the menu or for the faint of heart (seriously it might give you a heart attack) but oh so delicious
Grub Street off-menu dish: Tempura Bacon. "The over-the-top deep-fried bacon dish has been on and off the menu sporadically, though the restaurant assures us it's always available."
Martinis and burger.
Of the appetizers my favorites were the buratta, fried green beans, and scallop risotto.
Good but the taste is far too simple
Instead of peanuts or party mix, they put out bowls of radishes at the bar. Oh, and the spicy watermelon habanero margarita is an @$$-kicker.
Chelsea's best kept secret. Fantastic food and service.
Classic dishes served fresh. If gallery hopping, stop in for a bite first.
Doing a bit of day drinking? A Bloody Mary made with bold BULLDOG Gin is right up your alley.
Try chef Bill McDaniel's bacon tempura. Want to make this delicious dish yourself? You can find the recipe in "The Better Bacon Book" for iPads. http://oapub.co/9a4d0f5d
Fried green beans=must have.
We love chef Bill McDaniel's Bacon Tempura. Want to make this delicious dish yourself? You can find the recipe in "The Better Bacon Book" for iPads http://bit.ly/foursq_bacon
Gourmet cuisine for all your locavore desires.
Ate here years ago, but my favorite thing was the tempura bacon. Every item on the menu is simply amazing.
The burger is outrageously good
Fried oyster sammy is the bomb
Back before the overpriced condos and trendmongers of the Meatpacking, Red Cat was making delicious, creative New American cuisine for the art gallery set and other locals.  Still as good as ever.
NYT Sifty Fifty
Favorite neighborhood spot.
You are actually better off ordering apps for dinner, they have an amazing selection!
Entire menu is fantastic, but the cheddar grits appetizer is my current favorite.
Rarely would you choose to order something as simple + ordinary as a BLT at a restaurant of this caliber, but the BLT here is out of this world perfect w/ an unusual twist of dates for added sweetness
The Dancing Sugarplum cocktail will make you want to dance!
Spinach puree soup OMG so good.
Delicious sandwiches served with a side of dry humour.
Everything is delicious but the lunch crowd can be brutal.
Loved the mediterranean and the friendly service! Will spread the word!
A hidden spot in Midtown that offers great sandwiches on ciabatta and multigrain bread.
Mediterranean Egg Sandwich (Spicy!) ➕ ☕ for 5⃣ is the best breakfast deal around.
Excellent food all around, but I really love the breakfast special - spicy Mediterranean egg sandwich and the *best coffee* in the area! The owner is a nice guy as well. Great spot!
The Mediterranean Salad is so flavorful! Definitely enough for a lunch, especially since it comes with a side of Pita. Try the sweet potato fries side if you're extra hungry! Both great.
Egg sandwich is a nice breakfast option! (hint: it's their only breakfast item but it's Delish!). Filled w hummus, chopped Mediterranean salad in a pita :)
People are super friendly! Their roast beef sandwich is delicious and a good size for the price you pay!
Dunkin' Donuts inside here.
Listen to Churchill speeches while isig the restroom...
The Churchill speeches in the bathroom are so creepy
Don't get the fish and chips. They were mingling
Great place!!! Make sure to order the fried artichokes with truffle sauce!!!
Nice spot. Skip the food.
like Kim implied I'm impressed that a stay at home mom can get paid $8848 in 4 weeks on the computer. did you read this page Cloud65.com
If you dot get the beef and Guinness pie you're crazy.
Fuller's London Pride on tap.
The bathrooms are decorated like libraries, with radio broadcasts from World War II playing over the speakers. Take that as you will.
Kate is the best bartender, ever.
Don't be alarmed when you hear voices in the restroom.
THIS IS A NO RESULTS BAR
Super cute environment with an extreme attention to detail. Sit at the piano if you can and enjoy a drink from their hearty beer list. For the area, this place is a gem.
The decor and service is sensational. Try the Hendrick's Gin high tea.
Don't try to pee in peace.
Get here at 4PM on a Friday and spread out
Go to the bathroom and "endeavor" to get schooled.
Three cheers to our namesake! Order a BULLDOG Gin and let the night come alive.
Dragon eye has long been heralded as an aphrodisiac by the Chinese. It's found in BULLDOG Dry Gin. What are you waiting for? Order it up.
Bartender Tommy is the hottest bartender that ever there was
The food is not as good as you want it to be
Wifi password is "winston10"
A bar w/ good food, you feel like you are at Churchill's place, very English in feeling! nice dishes, potato leek soup, sausage pie good olde english grub! try the bangers'n'mash if u feel peckish
Order a martini, they are quite heavy handed with the pour!
Go to bathroom to listen to Churchill speeches.
Founder's London Bitter Ale
Customer are hotttttt!!!!!!
Service was friendly enough, place looked nice enough, but it was drastically overpriced. $9 for a Guinness, $10 for a small salad and (good) tiny sandwich for a lunch "special".
This is like second home to our team!
A welcomed surprise in this area, reminiscent of Brass Monkey in Meatpacking, but sans the obnoxious B&T crowd. Owners are fantastic, bartenders charming and attentive, great selection and ambiance.
Recently tried their October Mini of the Month, Carrot Cake. We love Baked by Melissa!
Try the Mini cupcakes - So cute I have wait a while to eat it (via @Foodspotting)
Tinniest, yummiest things i've ever had!!
Great cupcakes! My favorites were peanut butter cup and cookie dough
sprinkles are much better.
Grab some minis and take a fun pic in front of the cupcake wallpaper next door!
Best cupcakes in the city hand down! You better try them if you haven't. Cinnamon is my favorite.
Love!! All flavors are awesome and small enough portions to eat it all..
Peanut butter cup to die for!
Small but awesome. These tiny cupcakes could give the ppl @ crumbs a run for their money.
Best cupcakes ever. Agree that July firecracker was amazing. I am excited to see augusts new flavor today. Yaaa booyy.
Far fom the best cupcakes. Had smores, red velvet, and cookie dough. Cute, but not again.
Firecracker July mini of the month is life changing.
Amazing flavor and very moist. Love the store design.
They feature a flavor of the month, so make sure to check in occasionally to try the new flavors!
Cupcakes are smaller than they look - but still perfect. Great variety. Even better presentation.
These quarter-sized cupcakes are incredibly moist! $3 for 3 is not bad either
Try all the flavors!!! One for each flavor ;p
Get caramel instead of sugar.
Slow service, but good enough..
Check out  AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Don't get the hash browns! Totally rushed and the egg white flat was so bland! Only thing I trust was the muchskins and the hot chocolate.
Be prepared to wait...
The guy in Dunkin Donuts was very kind and gave me one donut for free. Yummy :)
Slowest service everrrr
Be ready to wait because the line is always out the door. U would think they are giving away free stuff
Comida venezolana de la mejor que he podido comer en NY
You must try the pernil yoyo. I've never heard of one before this place but it was amazing.
The chicken arepa is so DELISH! The chinola juice is tasty and refreshing. Mmm!!! I'll be back a few times to try more items on the menu.
Right after clubbing, best food in the world!
If you like mixing sweet and savory, get a cachapas. Pernil is the best!
Definitely get a cachapa (sweet corn hot pocket), the pernil is great and tequeño is delish
tachucho pollo, mmm mmm.
Note to self arepas are dope. Cachapas too they are sweet. Patacones will need water.
Love the arepas tequenos & patacon!
The papito de queso wit the "special sauce" SLAMMING! After the club
The papito de queso wit the "special".... SLAMMING!!!! after the club
They expand and the Patacones get smaller. Not fair!
God bless whomever had the idea to make sandwiches out of maduro. These yoyos are yummy!!
Patacones are slammmmmingg!!
This spot only CLOSES for 3hrs a week. Food is delicious here! Great spot to hit after some drinks.. indeed. Fav: patacon de pernil w. the green & pink sauce & don't forget the tequeños ::rubs belly::
Maracucha... Recomendado ;)
I love the patacons from this place, especially the chicken patacons. A bit messy but who cares.
The patacones and yoyos are to die for....Get into it ;-)
lov it ... really good
Pataconnes are great here
Not original Venezuelan food... Over stuffed arepas fried... More like a Dominican place with   Venezuelan concept ..
Cheese sticks are to die for after a night of drinking.
Best food to eat after a couple of drinks. Sits well. :) Tequeños, empanadas and tacucho are my personal faves.  dig in!
Carne Asada YoYo. That Is All...
You must try the Patacones (we suggest either the Chorizo or the Pernill Queso y Jamon)!  Although, to tell you the truth, everything is muy delicioso.
pretty good... but the spot next to club umbrellas is way better .... they food is way more official
Place is awesome, twice the space but still gets packed on weekends.
Best food north of 200th St.
Lemonade and Shugar Cane Juice .... LOVE it!!!!
They have reopened wit more space... still slamming :)
Meal replacement shakes!
@pmharper the burgers are garish and sloppy
The one serving of fries is enough for 3 people.
You forgot the angioplasty.
Why would anyone want to do that?
Try to beat my record. 5 regular burgers only ketchup and mustard on them and a large fries and a regular water
Coffee is the real deal here!
Best orange juice made from REAL oranges. Get it with some ice, def good in the summer. !
MUST try the grilled fish with a side order of tostones, red beans and rice. Dominican style !
Best café en leche ever!
Healthy choices and nice way to switch up the cafe routine.
they have great home made cuban style lasagna and fresh soft serve ice cream
They have good food!
Great Dominican food.
Chicken, Gyro combo with fries and falafel, + a drink, for $6???Can't beat that any where!!!
The sausage is good. Also marks large beer growler is a must try
2 slices and a soda for $4.50.
$5 foot long sandwich offer is still honored here!
So, her schedule is a little spotty, but if you're looking for a kick in the pants in the AM, recommend you get the cheese and jalapeno tamales. SPICY!
According to midtown eats, she's got $2 tamales and is there every day the embassy is open. http://midtownlunch.com/2012/08/02/the-tamale-lady-is-still-in-front-of-mexican-embassy/
Only authentic Mexican rice pudding I've had in NY+Boston
Their arroz con leche drink is delicious.
Order online at www.cincodemayotogo.com
Never be here.
Try the Green Tea Sweet Tofu - One of best dessert for anyone who wants less sweet & more healthy dessert :) ( the green tea is unsweetened ) (via @Foodspotting)
Try the grilled pork belly - Sean is a great waiter and patiently take out the pork belly for us  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Scallop Salad - Very refreshing  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the spicy tuna carpaccio (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Scallop Mentaiko (via @Foodspotting)
Nearly every dish includes pieces of braised pig's foot. Called Japanese soul food, these collagen-rich eats can allegedly restore and maintain that youthful glow.
Don't bother eating here if you are a vegetarian. Tofu with avocado and scallion pancakes are all you got.
Cozy little spot that serves up unexpected treats. Specializing in pig's feet, I'd recommend everything on the menu. -John W.
Hot pot, gyoza, pork belly, pig feet and fried oysters! Yummmm
Hands down one of my favorite dining experiences in NYC. The service is attentive without being intrusive, the food is delicious and served in just the right portions. And don't forget your Pez!
MAKE A RESERVATION... This seems to be a popular place!
drink muscat cider support #japan #iwate while eating awesome tonton!
You know what people aren't talking about anymore? Pig foot heaven Hakata Ton Ton. Taste: HAKATA TONTON Hot Pot - collagen broth, tofu, dumplings, vegetables, Berkshire pork belly and tonsoku.
Amazing pork feet and shabu shabu but the homemade gyoza is one of my favs in the city!
A hidden gem. We Had the tasting for two so good. A Foodist moment.
Try the green tea tofu! Really refreshing and just sweet enough.  You'll be sad when you've finished it.
Try the Dumplings - Pig feet!! (via @Foodspotting)
Wear layers you can take off bc you will get super hot eating hot soup!
Try the pork tongue. Small restaurant, good food.
Chef Ed Lee (Magnolia 610) recommends the pig's feet dumplings. We also love the monk fish liver.
Food was great, however the waitresses are super slow for restaurant this size.
Yuzu kosho (yummy citrusy japanese condiment) can be found at every table. It's AMAZING...
Get the pork skewers
Bubbling pots of pork and all the nasty bits. Great for a cold winter evening.
Make reservations! Ahh :)
Get the monkfish liver! Veal liver not recommended. :-(
Get the tasting menu!
Order the grilled pork belly skewers. Better than bacon!
Try the Green Tea Tofu and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Crispy Scallion Pancake and spot it on Foodspotting!
To small to be called a beer garden but the term is really trendy. I was surprised by the menu it's upscale. The food was good and they had a vast variety of beers.  Service was ok and hipster central
Amazing Yuca fries
Go with the Kobe Beef Corn Dog and Yam Fries... Delicious!
Live cover band on Sunday evenings that is awesome. Food IS amazing!
Great choices but my favorite is the jerk chicken. The desserts are delicious
Very good variety and tasty food!
great vegetarian choices. The cards above the food do not specifically label the veggie friendly as such but they do specify when things, such as collard greens are made with turkey
The jerk chicken is "fall off the bone " good. Deserts etc are delicious
The food is great . Jerk chicken is off the hook. A bit spicy so beware
This is the second location of Jacob's Buffet that opened last year on Lenox Avenue. This location looks smaller, but they actually have a nice size dining area in the back.
$3 Coke and a slice... and some of the finest pizza you'll find!
Best pizza! Best oatmeal! Best milkshake "Batida" .. Also the sandwiches are amazing! If you're close by, dont hesitate to check the place out ..
the chicken wings & the lemonade are bomb!
The Chilean Sea Bass roll is great!
Freshest/best sushi not named Sushi of Gari on the UES imo.
Unassuming sushi joint that impresses with friendly service and creative house special rolls – try the Black Dragon, Tiger, Sex on the Beach and/or the Volcano.
Spicy tuna hand roll or the angry dragon roll. Amazing!
If youre lucky, C.J. will be in and force a couple of sake bombs down your throat. Cheers!
Spicy Lovers roll is amazing!
We love "American Dream" must try !!!!
You can't beat the lunch special @ $8.50 and it was great.
Their Tempura Udon is huge!  Comes with three pieces of shrimp and veggies. My favorite item on the menu since I don't eat sushi.
We liked the Manhattan, but LOVED the East Roll!
Nothing great about this restaurant. Other places offer a better value!
Amazing food, One of the best of my life!
Chicken parmesana was awesome. Good cheese cake too.
The sea bass is amazing!
It was okay. Nothing special, not bad but not great. Definitely think there are better steakhouses. And mouse crawling on the foot of out table didn't help much either.
Amazing Pino Noir braised short ribs and house made NY cheesecake!
Very sub par steak and extremely over priced! If you want to spend that much money on a steak go to Peter Luger's
For the price, the food  and the service could be better but after a taste of their onion rings and the french onion soup all is forgiven.
Filet a toast is delishhhhious! The waitstaff is fabbbbulous too especially the hot girl with red hair =)
Steaks are phenomenal. Music is awesome. Make sure you try the side of fries, they're unreal.
The bartender needs a lesson on how to make a Manhattan.
Statler Grill136 W 33rd st (7th Ave), New York, 10001
Dope staff, killer food!
so expensive. SO delicious.
Prime Rib and Porter House medium is to die for...
Lamb chops mutha fucka! Raar!
50% off your tab when you bring in your ticket from the Yankees game. Food is very good, wait staff are friendly, and the restaurant has a nice, relaxing ambiance. Highly recommend this place.
Amazing free chips with your drink. Best chip ever.
Amazing free chips with your dr
The Onion Rings are BAMF
Stuff yourself with a fantastic chicken tikka masala and a veggie samosa for under $10.
tv mullahs ftw
Amazing hole in the wall Pakistani place, great kebabs, friendly service and insanely cheap (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Garlic naan
Tariq is one of the nicest food vendors out there. And most important, his chicken tikka w/ green sauce is some of the best street meat around.
Don't FEAR the GREEN sauce!
This food truck knows what its doing, and offers more varieties than most halal food trucks. The food is amazing! Friendly guy too- try the chicken tikka Masala!
If you're going to buy a sandwich and a dessert then just buy a box because it includes dessert, a pickle, chips, soda, and slaw for nearly the same price!
Try the Rocket Pig Sandwich
Try these chocolate mousse cookies covered in crushed hazelnuts. Freaking delicious.
Rocket Pig Sandwich at $14
Once upon a time, in a red brick carriage house, there was a DAMN GOOD SANDWICH. Try the spice-rubbed pork on ciabatta smeared with mustard and red onion jam. #34 on our 100 Dishes to Eat Now.
Hidden gem behind Trestle on Tenth it easily has the best sandwich around. Only one sandwich on the menu buy that's all you need
Chef Ralf Kuettel describes it as "the perfect sandwich"...ROCKET PIG SANDWICH - smoked spice-rubbed pork on ciabatta roll with red onion jam & mustard sauce house-made pickle & rocket pig hot sauce
Great pork sandwiches and tasty beer selection. But do not be fooled by the "stay in" on website and sign in door. Unless of course you consider standing at a small, narrow counter "stay in"
Standing room only.
So good that I just referred two colleagues.
This place is a great for cheap drinks and yummy food!  $5 mixed drinks all day, every day!!
as of nov 23rd they are closed by the NYC department of health and mental hygiene
The BBQ bacon and cheese burger was incredible. Go for the deluxe, cooked medium. Delicious.
The Bronx Burger is to die for - the guac & pico de gallo are an amazing touch. Oh...and the bacon. Yum!
The Tropical Island Cocktail starts off slow but half way through it, you will definitely feel it.
This place is GREAT for drinks!!!!!!!
The sweet potato fries are incredible! And their playlist is great.
Strawberry milkshake is to die for!
Decent burger but WAY overpriced at $20 for a plain cheese burger and diet coke.
staff is always friendly
These people do not know the meaning of not too much cream! My coffee always looks like milk..smh
Boston Kreme (creme) é o melhor...
The tomato and pepper-sauced shrimp pastelillo is available Saturday only; beef, chicken, and cheese, a mere one buck each, are the standards. Get ‘em while they’re hot.
Their wasabi roll is kinda bangin'!
Spicy Salad is a great way to start!
Seaweed salad, Amazing roll and red beans fried ice cream! Perfect dinner!
It's was so hot in here and the salmon tasted funny on top of the rude waiter!!!
Seafood delight is amazing. Lunch specials are very reasonable & they deliver uptown!
awesome. low prices, great location, very tasteful!
Tempura sweet potato roll is very good!
Try the Marlon roll its. Not on the menu but it's amazing
Does not compare with real Japanese or midtown/downtown sushi places. Hijiki seaweed salad is surprisingly good, however.
Get the amazing roll or "roll" the dice and try one of the chalkboard specials
Get the Spicy Yu and enjoy.
Not enough variety of sushi
Volcano roll!
The fried ice-cream dessert is a must try
try the udon!
I love the sashimi deluxe.
Dolla dolla bills yo get sashimi and a boat yum
Love the sushi here! Always good. Try the Philadelphia roll, california roll, abocado rolls, salmón rolls, and the green tea icecream are all to die for.
The Amazing roll is a must have!!
If you like tuna go for the Volcano Roll.
Spicy Seafood Salad, Christmas Role and Coke.
Decent sushi at affordable prices
Sashimi lunch special
Seaweed salad! :)
Don't go here.... They aint got nothing on the menu but food poison and a hell of a stomach. Ache.
REALLY stale bread here.
The very organic tomato basil soup is heaven
Chicken Caesar salad is the best with extra dressing !
I like the crew here better than 42nd St. Plus they have cool split level seating and a couch area up front on ground level.
This location sucks. The one by 6th &23rd is cleaner and friendlier.
If you want a Coke Zero with your meal, be warned...they are always out. You'd think I'd learn after about the third time. The staff never really seems to care either.
Tomato soup is to die for!
BMT breakfast sandwich is the best part of my day.
Buffalo Bleu please
Chicken queso tortilla soup on Thursday's. Boom.
Get a Cosi Card!
Worst cosi. Ever. Slow incompetent staff.
I love to get their Buffalo Bleu heated....
Bangin turkey and stuffing!
Try their Tomato Basil soup, it is the delish!
Crab cake sandwich is pretty good!
Keeps getting worse each time I come in.
Smells like heaven
Love the signature salad
I do not recommend this Cosi. They are very unorganized, and the food at this location is not as good for some reason.
Chai Lattes are the best!
This Cosi isn't as crowded as the ones further up Midtown, even during the peak of the lunch rush.
Really clean bathroom - hard to find in this area!
Good food but this Cosi should be avoided Saturday morning if you're in a hurry...
Steakhouse Salad is better here than at Chop't. Just ask the Barista to shred the steak medallions in half so you don't choke...
French speaking waiters don't make up for the blah food.
This is a FREE Wi-Fi ZONE. Network Name = "F9PNC". The password is next to the register, on a little card.
Iced coffee is good- cheese Danish is even better!
Tasty iced coffee and my girlfriend loved their strawberry banana smoothie!
The ice coffee is amazing. And the service is great.
They have free wifi and are open from 6am-9pm. Get the cheesecake!
Try Yogurtlu Kebab  it's amazing.  The service and food is very good
eh. overpriced, a little tasteless
Shepherd salad is great.
Esquisite food in a very cozy restaurant. Try a turkish sauvignon blanc with the chicken stuffed Tavuk Gogsu Sarmasi.
Great baklava to close the deal!
Very good Turkish food, good service and charming and cozy decoration.
For an early pre-theater meal, get the Pre-Fixe for only $27!  Order the Humus, Tavuk Gogsu Sarmasi and the Baklava.  The décor is dated and the service is so-so, but the food is great.
Slow service, mediocre food...do yourself a favor and skip this place! yuck mediterranean salad....
If you order the Tavuk Gogsu Sarmasi, the sprig of rosemary is not just a garnish! Break it up and mix with the stuffing inside the chicken breast...exquisite!
party all night long
Make sure you book a table before arriving    especially on Saturdays....
Always a friendly staff and neighborhood clientele, except on the w/e when the flea market crowd filters in.
Very sketchy crowd, when tourists are not around. Homeless guy sitting in the corner permanently. Wtf? Very loud air conditioning. Feels like Cape Canaveral.
El bano es muy stinko.
Get limo @ http://www.limousinestop.com/ or call/text 862 GET LIMO
Like this one way better than the on 73rd!
1 bathroom here
This place is tiny (4 tables plus counter) but mornings are fairly quiet and tourist-free.
Alia, the manager, is super friendly and so is staff.  You have to go when there aren't lots of tourists around.
The bagels are fine, it's the obnoxious clientele that make this place unbearable.
Pistachio mini muffins are amazing!  And the Rainbow bagels are perfect for the kids.
NEVER eat here. Terrible bagels, slow service, and overpriced. Your better off sharing garbage with a homeless man.
this place sucks, don't eat here
Tiny and awesome place.
Best parfait
I had the #5 sandwich and it was delicious!
The almond dream hits all the right spots
Bring something to read or your phone along with you to while away time waiting for your order. Good news is that the food is pretty good, though.
Love, love, love the Arnold Palmer on a hot day!
What a lovely and unique place.
A hidden gem that still seems to fly under the radar. Pressed juices, smoothies, breakfast omelets all day, stellar sandwiches and salads. Try the Tarragon Chicken Platter!
Greens plus juice is fantastic and very refreshing
The queen of the jungle smoothie is amazing. Try it with coconut water instead of oj!
Small.  Comfortable.  Good coffee.  Need I say more?
Try the Banana N Nutella Sandwich - anything with nutella! (via @Foodspotting)
Go and order any hot sandwich! Or anything else for that matter.
Spring awakening is a great drink!
Quick, healthy and delicious!
Bacon and Brie is real good
Get the cheesecake! And you can't go wrong with any of the flatbread pizzas either...
NYC [Eat] IWe love that our morning favorites are served here all day. It's always a tough call between the Nutella & Banana and the Fresh Farm Eggs & Cheddar Cheese Sandwich. Both?
Try the Cubano Sandwich With Vegan Corn Chowder - Delicious and half off...thank you ScoutMob (via @Foodspotting)
Get here early for the b8 nutella+banana sandie. p.s. the staff is much nicer now!!!
FYI they don't know how to redeem their foursquare deals.
Slammin' sandwiches. You really can't go wrong here, but the seating leaves a lot to be desired. If the weather is nice, take your lunch over to Madison Square Park.
G1 is worthy!
The Decemberists are a good music choice. Gives you a sense of the atmosphere. Make sure you talk to the owners!
Get the G-2....you won't be regret it.
Get the G-2....you won't regret it.
Though everything is good.. try #8 sandwich.
Make sure to check out Scoutmob, for 50% of your order,I think good through Dec 2011
Brilliant find in a desert of burger bars and pizza joint
The salads here rock!
A doughy bun filled with glass noodles makes for a really strange carb on carb dish
Delicious Korean Mandoo at a reasonable price! Highly recommend beef, kimchi bacon and shrimp!
Korean mandoo became popular at heart of nyc. Try beef, shrimp, and mushroom.
Bunch @ Food Gallery 32
Very underrated!  Good service and a good meal. Beat salad was huge!!
Huge portions!
Steak sandwich is phenomenal.. !
The fries are delicious! The beer is reasonable. #nosh!
During NFL season 25 cent wings and $3 Brooklyn lagers on Monday nights.
eat outside on a nice night. The street is quiet. makes for a great inexpensive date.
Brunch is expensive as hell, small portions. Only for rich folks who want to stay skinny.
The wings were good and the happy hour menu is reasonably priced.
All food & drinks are delicious, but kinda sorta maybe need to be $1 or $2 less for every item on the menu. Will have to come back sporadically.
Healthy, upmarket comfort food priced very reasonably. Friendly and fast service. Great addition to the neighborhood. Leave time to enjoy the mixologist's creations.
Beer 7 bucks for standard BOTTLES. Yes. Absurd. I understand that they are trying to not compete with Bier international across the street but this is ridiculous. Go to 1020 for 3 dollar pints.
Get the guacamole! Yummy
all the gadgets are apple's !  super friendly attitude, and of course foods are super too ! luvs it !
Pineapple Mojito! Delish!
Be sure to say hi to Jesse the GM! he's sweet
Stop in between 7-11 a.m. and get the breakfast special! Egg and cheese on a bagel + a 16 ounce coffee for $4.95.
The carrot ginger salad dressing is amazing!
Great place for breakfast, while you wait for your laundry!
The hot chocolate with the warm chocolate chip cookie with whipped cream is the best ;0)
Get the lentil soup. Needs a little extra salt, but it's the best 4.50 you can spend for lunch. Oh, and get the whole grained toast instead of crackers, no charge!
Eh, local place. Not as good as the 53rd Street spot but probably second best.
halalan Thoyiban.....
Quick & cheap.  Don't come in with High expectations.  Its what it is for neighborhood Chinese.
Get the beef chow fun
Slices are $1.25. Seriously.
Delicious bagels
Awesome breakfast sandwiches. Friendly AND they remember you
Best place to go during Lunch,  they have soo many choices to choose from.  Lotto is here!  Noo beer. .
Best breakfast around....if you're ever by the mid-town tunnel stop off here for some grub.
Great quiche!!! Try the spinach...
New York City is getting things hopping for Easter http://exm.nr/wtw1Sp
Daryl Sam.
Twenty-nine year-olds are leaping for joy on February 29th by eating free in NYC http://exm.nr/x6YIgJ
Very tasty macaroons available in the Market. Small box is $4.90 (I think).
The pizza might be delish, but you know you'd rather be drinking wine.
The pizza m
The Market Pizza is delish! Oh, and it's even better in the wee hours of the night!
I wish they would display prices; beware the $5.00 snack-sized bag of popcorn!
Love the yogurt parfait!
Convenient and Yummy!
Try the seasonal oatmeal!
Amazzzzzing!
Stellar find.
Delicious lentil soup and mint tea.
Ate here last night and the food was outstanding. The staff is also great. They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and welcome.
The more they know u...the more youll get hooked up! :-) only the Mayor gets this treatment tho ! :-)
Pick 1 song on a weekend. That's all you'll get.
Great time!  The party pack is well worth it.
The Fugees' Killing Me Softly is a free drink winning song on Tues nights.
Fun place for karaoke. Good space at main bar and the rooms are also quite good!
Japanese restaurant during lunch, karaoke bar at night.  The lunch specials are worth coming here for.
Come for Happy Hour and get a ridiculous, huge tropical drink for less than $5.
You can't hear the mics at this place so if you actually want to hear what people are singing go somewhere else. When you ask them to turn it up they don't know what to do.
Horrible place!!! The staff in this location is horrible and very unprofessional. Went here with a large party and will never go back.
I recommend the miso soup!  Delish!
Unlimited alcohol, songs, private room, some sushi...did I die and go to heaven?!?!
I recommend the plum wine highly!
Why is everybody squinting at me???...
Song list isn't so great. Go to chorus on 32nd.
Social Media Karaoke Time - June 10, 2011. Bring it on.
Not a fan. Long story, don't ask questions.
No Beastie Boys or 'Only the Good Die Young'! That's like sacrilegious.
Party Packages are the best deal. Reserve 24 hours in advance with 4+ for the alcohol + appetizer + private room setup of your choice. Ranges from $25-$45/person depending.
3527-12. It's on.
Great place for parties...food is ok....but well worth the money for the drinks and a private room for karaoke!
Good song selection but the crowd at Chorus seems to chose more upbeat songs.
Great sushi great karaoke!
I would keep walking to 32nd to Chorus karoke. Music selection wasn't that good (didn't have "I'm on a boat" :-( ) and had a poor atmosphere.
Get there before 7pm. Half price drinks and pitchers of beer.
Awesome Saki Bomb/Karaoke Place.  I highly suggest to never order the all-you-can-eat fried food platter.  It's like an apocalypse to your stomach lining.
best karaoke in manhattan - go right after work for their half price house wine and beer happy hour
4040-02, do it.
Go get splintered - order sushi - sing songs that you shouldn't - have a sushi-fight (or not) - and try not to break stuff
I spent most of 2007 at this Karaoke den, swillin sake bombs and singing myself hoarse to Mr Roboto and The Pixies. All-you-can-drink beer + sake + karaoke $25/person for two hours
For my first visit, I followed the tips and went with the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly. AMAZING! This place takes down the Midtown douchiness a notch (only a notch bc Public House is still next door).
Try the Bluefish one, only seasonally, sooooo good!
A god send. I was nervous the first time, crazy combinations. But trust me, whatever it is that they're doing, they KNOW what they're doing, and they're incredible. Pork belly all the way!
The 5 spice pork belly sandwich is amazing - best I ever had
Yes there may be a line, but it goes quickly. Once you place your order you get your food within minutes. :)
Don't be put off by the long queue: these guys process customers FAST, and the classic catfish sandwiches are incredible. Going back for the pulled pork, and think I may plan a vacation in Cambodia!
{seasonal} ginger & peach iced tea is so worth it.
Unbelievable!! Pork Belly Sandwich to die for. It totally melts in your mouth as flavor after flavor cascades over your tastebuds!!! The grilled corn is also a must!
Order anything and smile after you eat it
Glazed pork belly is the bomb ! Classic catfish, hoisin meatball and chicken chimi are all great, not fancying the steak, flavored and texture are good but smthn amiss. Salt ?
A bit of a wait, but it is well worth it. The sandwiches are good here!
Pork belly classic: shredded sweet pork done banh mi style. 4.25/5
The sausage sandwich is where it's at. So delicious.
Perfectly toasted bread, delicious pork belly. This is the real deal
Best skirt steak sandwich! This thing is amazing.
Tiger shrimp sandwich is awesome!
Try the ABC Pang sandwich, a collaboration between the chefs of ABC kitchen and Num Pang. The sandwich benefits the Edible Schoolyard Project and the Double H Ranch:
the fact that I take the subway here just for lunch is almost as ridiculous as their sandwiches. the pork belly is totally worth the journey.
I am going to come here every time I arrive at Grand Central from CT no matter what.
I never thought I would like a yam sandwich, but it's AMAZING!
Coconut tiger shrimp FTW!
Get dat pork belly.
you can never go wrong with five spice pork sandwich. it can get a little sloppy, but man is it delicious :)
Skirt Steak Sammich is sooo good
Try the Organic Tofu Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Skirt Steak Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Messiest but tastiest corn on the cob definitely grab some wrt naps!
Try the Boneless Spareribs Sandwich - Try the specials (via @Foodspotting)
Ginger brisket sandwich is off the chain
Nice dumplings and pad thai...
the egg rolls are delicious!
Lo mejor chofan del mundo!
On Free Cone Day, look for the servers with the larger forearms as they're more likely to scoop you a bigger portion. (Read: dudes)
Sharing peace, love & ice cream all over the Big Apple!
On the 4th Floor of Macy's Herald Square.  Close to the elevators.  Follow the smell of Auntie Anne's Pretzels.
cinnamon & sugar pretzels are so yummy but addictive.
do NOT order the kalbi. definitely just stick to the pork belly
Manager refused to honour the check in special. When told about four square he asked us to order more food, when we refused (since we were just four) he asked us to go to another place!!
This became my new favorite place in K-town!! Their casseroles, soondubu, and jjajangmyun are really really good! Big portions and good service too!!
Free wine/beer for check in! Niceeeee!
The naengmyeon is so flavorful and refreshing on a hot summer day!
Try the Bibimguksoo (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bibimbap (via @Foodspotting)
most authentic Ja Jang Myeon in NYC
There are better places on this street!
Не жадничайте, порции большие.
Don't be greedy when ordering, the portions are huge
I never really 'got' kimchi. I thought koreans loved it out of some sense of patriotism or childhood nostalgia. There are many different kinds, and Muk Eun Ji has the good stuff. I'm addicted!
try the Korean rice wine -Mak Gul Ri
The check-in special is for Coors or Budweiser.
Try the special kimchi roasted with pork belly
You have to try the kimchi backbone casserole!!!! Super yummy, soft pork & kimchi, friendly staff and nice seating!~ 
def best kimchi in nyc ktown!
Try their Pork belly BBQ and Muk eun ji, Korean aged Kimchi.The sitting area is huge and comfortable. Ideal for family dinner or party!
One of the only Midtown locations with a Clover.
There is only one uncovered outlet here...
Even though this is one o the busiest Starbucks in NYC it's one of the most reliable with some I the best employees. They'll even fix problems with your drink from another store!
That's true... Scenery is better though than any sb's on long island
The line is ridiculous. Going to Pret. Coffee is good and they don't charge for soy.
This starbucks is helllla slow. There's no reason for it to be this slow. Its just coffee!!
Complete MakeOver...and with a Clover   !!
All of the homeless from penn station use their bathroom.
Always a great super friendly team here, 1 of 3 favorites! :)
The wifi is terrible here!
Second time in a row they forgot my breakfast sandwich!!
Breakfast sandwiches take forever here!
Nice loft seating upstairs
Yes that does sound like the worst Wife ever ... #autocorrectfail
caramel macchiato! my favorite!
Spotted: monks @ starbucks
Dirtiest bathroom I've ever seen in a Starbucks, with no toilet paper or cleaning at 6am when they opened. No outlets either... Starbucks, do better!
Outlets covered so people can't camp out all day!
The lines grow and shrink based on when the inter-city busses are picking up. There's not much you can do but come early and hope you catch a break. The upstairs is nice for waiting on a bus though.
Sometimes the lines here are too long. Fortunately there is a no-wait self-service option if you are in a rush! Just place your order and step behind the counter  to make it yourself (coffee only).
Why are the outlets covered up, though?
Good for meetings if you don't need your laptop (all of the power outlets are covered). There's an upstairs area with more seating that's usually relatively empty.
Always slow service, unfriendly and burnt coffe. Walk down the block 2 blocks to 28th and 7th.
Feeling stupid today? Nothing u can do about it. Sucks for you!
This place might have the worst Wife ever. It has dropped me five times in under an hour.
Sweeten your venti ice tea with 5 hour energy for that extra boost on Momdays.
Rudest employees I have ever encountered at a Starbucks!!
Closed outletts. Stupid seating arrangement.
This place is going back to the stone age by closing their power sockets.
There is more seating upstairs.
The fish tacos are tasty.  Make sure to get 3 if you want a full meal.
2 thumbs up for the avocado salad. Salsa is really tasty, too!! Best wait staff I've seen lately!!
Mmmm  cocomofo  us tasty! Also chicken tostada rocked!
Awesome brunch special! $15 for entree and two drinks!
Best place to meet neighbors!!
Great strong drinks woooohooo!
Avoid the Bloody Mary
Ask for Ricardo! So handsome!! Teeheehee
Terrible service! Terrible food! Skip this place!
Terrible service. Terrible food. Skip this place!!!!
El diablo cocktail, the best! (spicy minty margarita)
Sit Outside - Sidewalk
12.00 Margs.
They have cactus!!! Try it - it's like a less flavorful roasted red pepper. Mmmmmm
Good luck using the 50% off deal c/o ScoutMob -- can never get a wireless signal in that place!
lobster tacos :)
Lobster tacos are delicious!
Pork belly al pastor tacos are really good. The skinny margarita is really strong. Skip the fundido (it's okay) and save room for the tres leches.
Poor service!!! In order to redeem special you need to show the hostess your phone! & she/ he has to TOUCH it!!!
Excited to try to 50% off SPECIAL!!!
Try the Riazul bloody Maria! Off the hook
Great selections of tequila
Wifi password is taco4705
Decent Mexican spot for LIC.
Nice simple healthy choice Mexican Food in the Hood.  The Quesedilla Chicken Tinga -- Yun
They fired the old chef! Great food now!
2nd review, new cook? Better food, however 12 for 3 tacos? Not bad but to be server in a plastic basket? With 13 drinks? Miss Match! Don't go to an Asian for Mexican! And vice versa! Go to Shi!!
This place sucks! Where do they go off increasing price after opening November??
Skirt steak is nice.
Amazing Marg's.
Can't wait until the bad review are off here. This place is awesome. Food is amazing. Service is great. You're missing out.
Throw a cat on his slide and see what happens!
Get the prefix.
Their lunch early bird specials start at 4pm & ends at 6pm. It includes a glass of wine & it ranges from $7-$12. Lunch specials everyday too
Really cheap and filling lunch specials that include a glass of wine. Check them out!
Try the food its amazing
Food wasn't great.
They have an "A"
Best italian food in washington heights!
Stuffed breast of chicken is the best!!
Find yourself needing a quick bite, only have a dollar, waiting for the Metro-North, need something before you go underground down the lexington avenue line? If you answered yes then you need 2Bros.
The short light skin lady has a big Herpie on her chin, don't let her touch ur Pizza... Unless u want Herpies... >_>"
Pizza for $1 can't beat that!
U MUST TRY THE WHITE PIZZA
Really good food & Good drinks
Super special: $5 Strawberry-lemonade L.I.T. .50 cent wings til 12am
Tequila Specials ALL night! Shots, Margaritas, Tequila Cocktails. $5, $6 MANY flavors
Happy Hour 5-8pm Try our spring specials: Rose Sangria, Fresh Puree-Tinis, Wine Spritzers.  .50 cent wings til 12am, Thursdays only.
New Vodka... Pinnacle Gummy, come thru and try some
Try Grey Goose's newest flavor: Cherry Noir or Pinnacle's Orange Whipped Vodak
Fantastic Place the Host Stacy and the staff are really great. The food it was very good, especially the teriyaki wings and the Buffalo wings. Thumbs up for the Brownstone Lounge
Brownstone's Day Party: 3/31 3-9pm Open til 2am
Try one of the 3 sangrias: Red, White, Rose`
Happy hour: 5-8pm The Patio is now open
I'm always greeted so warmly and the drink are great !!!!!
twitter.com/BoBJiGGy
Each Wednesday & Thursday @djfishbxfinest is spinning tell him Yagyrlr said Sup
Fellas strict dresscode
25 and over at the door? Give me a break! Step your game up Larry!!
The sangria is yummy and the bartender, Alexay, knows how to make your night right :-)
Try the Ciroc and Pineapple ...good drink !
egg, sausage, & cheese on a toasted everything bagel w/ a little butter, salt, & pepper - perfection.
Their pancakes are pretty awesome.
They actually have very good bagels. Not easy to find on this side of the river.
Try the Healthy Wrap.  Delicious, not overly filling. Doesn't weigh you down
They were out of wheat bagels at 8:30a.
I like their Godfather omelette! Yumm
Extra seating downstairs!
Marconi is easily worst sloppiest sandwichive had in midtown
Terrible pizza, don't waste your money.
Decent food but it took WAY too long to get my pizza. I ordered a vodka and buffalo personal pie and it took them 50 minutes to make..seriously? Not worth the wait..
Great lunch specials during the week. Large serving of chicken parm + side for $8. Would be an easy choice every time if the grandma slice wasn't so good.
Get the Chicken Parm Hero
amazing spinach calzone
Great pizza! The family-owned business is proud of its food and it shows.
Their Bruschetta (Tomato & Basil), Eggplant with Mushrooms, and Grandma Pizza Bites were featured at Choice Eats!
chicken slice is the best. additional seating upstairs for more private dining.
The chicken parmigiana sandwich is the best around. -Dante
Great for a quick slice of pizza.
The chicken parmigiana sandwich is the best around.
Go for the brisket and donuts! Don't try walking thru the tables. You can't.
Check in at 3 different food trucks throughout the city and unlock the Ziggy's Wagon badge!
Great food, great staff.  Great place to eat and enjoy the company of your friends.
My favorite local diner!
Horrible pancakes. So dry. Service was a no go as well.
Customer service is fantastic, the vegetarian omelette to die for!
Dues R. Is a bitch!
The "Breakfast Special" is a steal.
Get a toasted muffin
There’s nothing fancy about this buffet restaurant, but for the price, the soul food is some of the best around – go for the standards like jerk chicken, collared greens and oxtail.
Manna's isn't just serving up soul food any longer. It now serves vegetarian dishes including those with tofu. There's even a bonified juice/smoothie bar inside!
Manna's isn't just serving soul food any longer. It now serves vegetarian dishes including tofu. There's even a bonified juice bar inside!
You're at one of Harlem's most popular soul food restaurants located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate www.elliman.com/brianphillips
The jerk chicken and collar greens taste so good!
This place has a bonified juice bar!
Fuck.this shit
Agree very rude
Very slow !! Worst customer service & rude smh
Rio 40 Graus!!!!!!
Great food
Excellent Food great service Awesome owners and staff. Best japanese food in city
Best sashimi in the hood!
Freshest sashimi in the hood! When you are the only non Japanese in a Japanese restaurant, you know you are coming in the right place :)
Delicious ramen and fried tofu appetizer, for 14 bucks, can't go wrong!
Cozy lunch spot. Food is good and service is impeccable! Def lunch date spot ( next time I may avoid coming lunch time :/)
Decent sushi, but our server is terrible.
H2S's Rob Bartlett Tip: Order the Kimpiri Gobo. A rarity on Japanese Restaurant menus, and done to perfection here.
Larmen came in huge bowl, especially the Rio and you special.
I love the owner, Rio! She is so kind. Very clean & peaceful restaurant amidst all the craziness of theater district. Food is exceptional too...sake!
The waitress, Jackie, is very very cool! Buy her a shot and she'll hook you up!!!
Get the "Real Japanese" lunch special!!
Metropolitan looks good
If I had to see a penis it wouldn't be "Jake's." I picture it as a Siamese cat.
Never stop flushing.
When's the last time you had sex? Matt: with myself? Or another person?
"I wouldn't mind getting herpes. It means you're part of something."
Seriously, no checking in unless you are near his person.Also, try the churros.
Truly great food, but make sure you aren't in a rush.. service is slow.
Oh my, try goat cheese and ratatouille. Of course the nutella crepe is tasty. Good service by the sweetheart of a staff.
Nothing French :(
The most popular items on the menu are the mushroom, goat cheese and caramelized onion crepe, followed by one made with roasted chicken with mango red pepper sauce.
This place has amazing Crepes, but they also have great omlettes served all day.
This place is great. Made a bangin Capp
Goat cheese, mushroom, and caramelized onion savory crepe=phenomenal!
Cute place, sweet staff, & great crepes- can never have enough! It's small so expect traffic for brunch!
Very nice and cozy place around Columbus Circle. The Salmon and Ratatouille Crepe is so delicious.
The have Boarshead coldcuts this place has quality food
Bacon, avocado, basil, and then add feta. So good!
Look ma, I'm on TV!
Beakfast crepe with goat, tomato and avocado
Great Ham and Swiss crepe. Made with fresh buckwheat crepes!
My favorite pancakes in the area, either plain or with fruit/nut/chocolate additions!
the chocolate lovers crepes are amazing. Try them with Belgian milk chocolate and strawberries, topped with whipped cream :)
You must try the Strawberry, Banana, and Caramel Crepe with optional whipped cream or ice cream. Its not on the menu but it will change your life, I promise. The owner is a really cool guy too.
Try the chicken and mango crepe.
My barista was  deff GAY	he was such nice to.me .... Made my drinkk first than the bunch of people in front of me (:
Angie for pm rush hour shift is fast efficient and friendly.   Great job!!!
Best Barista ever is Khoron...hope sp is correct!
Friendly guys who know how to put together a breakfast sandwich and coffee in under 20 seconds.
Don't get the tuna sandwhich
Sweet potato fries with the honey maple sauce is a must.
The Organic Burger. That is all you need to know.
this place is meh all around, not sure where these good tips are coming from. I say avoid.
Dinner w Jenn B and Megan K-- little high school reunion on the east coast!
How does the best burger in town with truffle fries sound? You’ll find it at Rare Bar and Grill just a few blocks away from Affinia Dumont. Head upstairs to Rare View for incredible sunset vistas.
How does the best burger in town with truffle fries sound? You’ll find it here, adjacent to the lobby of Affinia Shelburne. In summer, head up to Rare View for cocktails and incredible sunset vistas.
Try the turkey burger, whole wheat bun, topped with Brie, jalapeños & grilled onions...drool-worthy.
The lamb burger and mediterranean salad is the best. Delicious balance w/ their special sauce. Two pickles to top it off.
The Cab is excellent and my favorite!
Expensive drinks ($9 beer, $10 wine)
Took over 20min for a salad!! Lame...
You gotta try the Frickle (fried pickle)
You can never go wrong with the classic M&M burger with Parmesan Truffle fries. Or if you want MELT IN YOUR MOUTH, try my favorite Filet Mignon burger!
The best burger EVER. Delicious in every bite! Good service.
Great burgers, sandwiches, drinks & service and the price to match. Definitely not Five Guys, but a great place to go with a group. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Vodka soda is more like vodka
One of the best under-the-radar rooftop bars in the city.  If you're coming for food, get the M&M burger and the french fry tasting basket, otherwise head up to the roof to take in the great view.
Try the french fry dipping basket and T-bone burger!
Try the fry basket. Delicious!
Truffle fries are NOT ordinary. Try them!
Voted best burger by Zagats. Yum!
Awesome burgers. The artisanal burger is different everyday.
Im bartending til 3:30!
The french fries basket is a must have!
Always get Artisanal burger special! Never been disappointed!
one of the only positive things i can say about this area of the city.
Best burger I've ever had.
The steaks her are delicious ...maybe the other people got their steaks well done and couldn't enjoy the juiciness of the steaks. I would def come here again
Louis' lunch original
About as authentic Italian as the Albanian guy selling stale cannolis downtown. I'd give the food a solid 2 out of 10. Non cenare qui. Si mangia malissimo
Non GF bread was bad. Do not get the sole - it's like a fillet of fish covered in omelette. Egg shell in the chocolate tart (which is really molten lava cake) but that could happen to anyone. Boo.
Spaghetti Nero is AMAZING!!!
Great place, but if you're coming on a weekend or holiday, be sure to make a reservation as it tends to fill up fast. It's been booked the last three times my gf and I have tried to come here.
My favorite gluten free restaurant by far. Go for brunch! Delish!!
Excellent chicken parm and fusilli w broccoli and chicken
red velvet cake ftw
Must get the meatballs pasta!
Must get the GF tortellini in the fra diavlo sauce! Fantastic!
Small, warm and laid back Italian joint with excellent gluten-free and celiac-friendly choices ñ try the Ravioli con Zucca or the Cappellini with Shrimp and Scallops.
I am Celiac and HIGHLY sensitive - All I can say is WOW -  It's so nice to know that there are restaurants that understand the importance of careful food preparation.
my favorite brunch place, nice coffee and bread
Definitely not pasta made in house and food is just alright.  Very midtown crowd.   Good service though.
Bistango caters for both Gluten Free and Regular folk. Their Gluten Free food is fantastic!
Try the gluten free bread. It's even better than the regular bread they serve.
gulten free pasta is amazing
Yet another great meal and dessert.  The spinach is seasoned perfectly, the mushrooms just right. And the mango sorbet, there are no words to say how delicious it was!
The most amazing selection of delicious gluten free dishes I have ever seen in a main stream restaurant, including heavenly pasta and deserts.
The pork chop or the lamb shank are killer!
Amazingly fresh pasta, great sauce and the price is right.
Fantastic Bloody Mary. Only $4
All I will say is the menu is absolutely fabulous!
Love the Risotto ai Funghi. This place is cute romantic and works at a true Italian style pace <3
Free garlic bread, romantic atmosphere, delicious food, and great service. I love eating at this quaint restaurant!
Most delicious Empanada I've ever had in my life.
No tomatos and it tastes MUCH better
I get a slice of BBQ chicken every time!
Pizza was decent. Definitely not the best in the area. Service was not great at all.
Awesome pizza as well as delicious Italian favorites, try the spaghetti Bolognese, yummy
have a nice dinner
Delicious pizza! And they even offer to cut your slice in half :)
The eggplant pizza is ridiculously tasty. A must have.
The delivery driver was high, no doubt about it. I'm just happy she didn't eat my pizza before it got to my house.
Yummy pizza n garlic knots!
Try the homemade bolegnese
Literally BEST turkey bacon egg and cheese in the city.
Give the following three sandwiches a try : Belly Buster, Rocky Balboa, Heart Attack
Try the meatball hero.
Richie is the man come spend your money here u won't be sorry!!
New deli coming soon.
Great lunch special - $8.95 for a meal! The margaritas are strong and lovely!
Place was closed by Health Dept in April 2012 - read the Yelp reviews - yikes!!! I didn't until after eating here. It was terrible. Watered down margarita with a 'hint' of cheap tequila.
Great service and staff. Ask Sandra about her special drink. Had it during Fleet Week and it was unnamed at the time.
Que comida mas mala!!! No pero horrible. Frío, maluco, el calentado en verdad supo recalentado.  No vuelvo ni pa apagar un incendio.  Stay away horrible food.
Creo que primer vez que le piden un calentado. Ni esta en la carta.  Si lo tienen de desayuno pa que sepan.
They don't have the mini tacos anymore D:
Oh and their complimentary chips and salsa are killer...can't go wrong!
One dollar mini tacos and five dollar cocktails 2pm - 7pm wow. One cosmo and six mini tacos hit the spot for my dinner :)
Great place for happy hour and the staff is great.
If you're stuck in midtown and looking for a happy hour, this will do.
crazy! latin america in the heart of Manhattan!
The simplicity of the entrees are what make it so great!
One of the best happy hours in midtown!
Mexico-Colombian food.
If you can go by this place without being floored by the smell from outside, you are a robot. Get real and stop in for bakery-fresh goods.
HAVE A DONUT. The glazed ones with candied orange on top and sour cherry filling. They are a revelation.
great cheap breakfast, but such quick turnover i inevitably end up with milk in my coffee.
everything is so good here but be prepared for some attitude if you don't speak Polish
Mmmm..... Chocolate Babka Bread!
Bagel and cream cheese for $1.25. And the best blueberry muffin I've ever had.
The garlic and dill cream cheese (on bagel) has been known to bring people to the verge of climax...
Cin Raisin bagel is a must. So is their loaves of bread, and everything is so cheap!
Yum. Yum. Yum.
Rainbow cookies here are so perfect
Holly Poppyseed bread Orgasm
a bagel with cream cheese and lox from Acme for $4.50!
Try the Thai Chicken Peanut Wrap - Always fresh and tasty, although no peanuts and no real peanut taste in dressing.  (via @Foodspotting)
Great soup. The music is rather obscure though.
Try the Thai Peanut Chicken Salad - One of the best of any quick-serve or chain restaurant. Dressing has a drop of heat to it.  (via @Foodspotting)
Pastries are 50% off at 9PM-closing on weekdays!
Try the Red Velvet Cupcake - Everything it should be- fresh, slight cocoa taste, somewhat tart cream cheese frosting. #MyABP (via @Foodspotting)
Try the different soups!
Their staff is incredibly friendly and personalize. I'm impressed every time
Save yourself the trouble of being treated as an inconvenience and being served stale food and go to the one in Union Square.
Cheese cake brownies are to die!!
Soup all day~ (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Love the chicken pot pie soup ... When it's available!
I'm just drawn to ABP cuz of their almond croissants...period. Studying & traveling in Europe Ive had my share and these bar none are consistently the best. Not to mention they have good soup choices.
Staff was super awesome... I dropped a soup bowl and gave me a complimentary one and cleaned up the mess for me!
the soups and pastries are all phenomenal. be prepared to pay extra for quality franchise food.
Staff is friendly and just plain not awkward.
Foursquare special is standard pricing, not actually a special.
Asiago bagel with wasabi smoke salmon is the best. Get disc for all yummy pastries at the dawn.
Make sure to check in here every time you stop by to see what type of special offers we have waiting for you.
Delicious tomato basil soup after my first class!
People seem chill here.
love the mac and cheese and the peach iced tea!
I think the people are nice! The turkey bacon cheddar sandwich is amazing.
The new decor makes the place look much more welcoming. The staff is friendly too.
Try the Chocolate Torsades and spot it on Foodspotting!
I actually think the staff is very friendly. The iced tea is the best on the block.
Staff unfriendly and the restaurant area is a mess.  Soup was amazing but I would not go back.
God, these breakfast sandwiches are NASTY. My egg was all grey looking. Threw away after about two bites.
Staff is unfriendly and just plain awkward.
Ask for Yolenny. She'll take care of you.
Better-than-average TB, with one caveat: they don't seem to understand drink orders. Try it. It's bizarre.
They have Doritos tacos!
They have Halal chicken here. Only the pieces are halal as of now (not the sandwiches, etc.)
Buyer beware. Paid extra to get a dozen breast pieces only to find a couple of grilled pieces at bottom of bucket. Not cool.
Sour cream tastes best when it comes out of a gun
Alot an extra 20min for the sloooow service! So slow, pick it up.
Hot wings arent hot waste of money..
The service is slow as hell and the female manager is rude.
Halal KFC! Well semi-Halal but we'll take what we can get right? Only the chicken pieces are Halal so far.
The service is slow but only cause they take care to wrap ur tacos perfectly!
Hot wings are where its at
oow...i hate this...
The service was super SLOW.
Cheesy fiesta potatoes, and a crunchwrap supreme without beef. It's the best Taco Bell meal!
the employees dont know what there doing over here u ask for one thing they give u something eles
Never fails: order right away, but wait and wait for the food.
experience quite possibly the friendliest taco bell staff on the planet (I can't speak for KFC)
Double down and eat a Bunless Wonder
Unless you hate joy, you should order the Double Down combo.
Come around 11:30am to beat the insane midtown lunch crowd! The lines get intense!
Definitely get the Bacon Turkey Bravo..it's served on a tomato bread and is absolutely sensational!
A little taste of St. Louis in Manhattan. Try the tomato soup!!
Don't count on seats during lunch rush on the weekdays. Take it to go and then see if you find a table!
Find a seat before ordering, or you may be stuck waiting a while
Get the Mac & cheese
Sux. Service is good but food ??? I've eaten better places + tourist are loud
The staff is efficient and friendly but the customers here are awful. If you're done eating, get up and leave so someone else can sit. And clean up after yourselves ya filthy animals!
The Big Kid Grilled Cheese is awesome but a bit on the small side. It's pretty tiny if going halfsies as part of a You Pick Two. At the price it would have been nice for it to be a little bit bigger.
Meh.  I was hoping for the Milk Truck on 5th and 40th and this was a sorry second.
Extremely fast service. Perfect mac and cheese. I'm so happy.
Be sure to get a myPanera card for free rewards! After registering you don't even have to bring it in, just give them your phone number.
Ask for the Hidden Menu! They are offering new lunch and breakfast items.
Lines are super long during lunch hours but they move pretty fast.
12:10 - latest I've gotten here in a month and the place is packed with a huge line to order. Need to start taking my own advice! ;)
If you want a seat make sure you get here before noon. Many days the place starts hitting capacity at about 11:50., then you've got cranky customers upset at people enjoying their meal!
Service is prompt and unfailingly polite. I came in for a late dinner/work session and found outlets and tables to be plentiful. Iced green tea is so delicious and a little fruity - I'm addicted!
You CAN order a half sandwich by itself, but you only save a dollar versus a full one. 
Happy that I found a panera near work.. I love the french onion soup..line goes pretty fast..and order comes real quick too
The best Panera below 57th st.
Iced Green Tea is a must!! Very refreshing!
People are very friendly here! Bagels are so good, also try apple crunch muffins..
I used to live in NY. Got used to the fact that NYers are rude... until my most recent visit in 8/12. This Panera location has the friendliest employees I've encountered at any Panera.
Ever since Justin S. became mayor of this place there's been a lot less crime here. Also, if you bring your baby, he will kiss it.
Not many power outlets around the seating area.
service has been great but it's freezing in here!!!!
I'm so surprise how QUICK I place my order and then 5 minutes later my order was up! So impressed :)
Patience is a virtue here... Cause it's bagels not rocket science.My to go order took about 15mins for what reason idk,no one was in line. Still love the bagels! just hopes the service improves soon.
AC is not working, too hot.!
Get the lobster sandwich. Its worth every penny.
The black bean hummus tartine is AMAZING!
vegan pastries = win/win
Great breakfast menu and they offer almond instead of soy milk!
The farmhouse avocado salad and watermelon cooler are an amazing combo. Looks like my puppy Beckett agrees too!
Awesome brownie!
Shame on LPQ! i just ordered steel cut oatmeal and paid an extra $1.95 for fresh fruit. What i got was a measly 4 blueberries, 2 blackberries and one strawberry, cut up. Not cool.
Brioche = good
Their bread is to die for.
Apple-pear turnover? One word: itssogooood
The Belgian Hot Chocolate is the best in Town!
The pistachio minis are a MUST!!
Love the food here but honestly, the service sucks. You'll have to wait forever for the server to come give you your bill and change. And once this girl even overcharged w/o even apologizing.
If you don't like your eggs too soft tell them. Coconut macaroons are excellent
I wish they used normal plates for the tartine
Gluten-free quiche is awesome but terrible service
Great coffee
Order the sesame seaweed salad & ask to add tofu. It's light & incredibly delish
Ricotta tartine with figs and honey. Any questions?
So quaint! Smoked Atlantic Salmon Tartitine is my favorite... But I may try Sean T's suggestion of soft boiled eggs today!
Soft boiled eggs are not available after 12 noon weekdays and 3pm wknds, but they are a terrific treat!
The chicken salad is really good and the staff are friendly
Love the Asian ladies behind the counter.
Pre made baguette sandwiches are made fresh every morning and are delicious. Perfect for a quick grab when the place is busy at lunchtime.
Annoying woman cashier. Someone should slap her just cuz.
Grocery shopping is overrated, hit a market;)
Great sandwiches (pockets)!
They always run out of breakfast potatoes by 9am.
Chopped grilled chicken, bacon, Monterey jack, chipotle mayo, lettuce/tomato on a wrap. Oooo child thas tha ticket
Bacon, egg, and cheese on a roll. Grab one for breakfast and you're set for the day
Whole wheat wrap with grilled pesto chicken, avocado, spinach & mozzarella. #orgasmic
Definitely the best bang for your buck in Murray Hill.  Try a whole wheat wrap with grilled chicken, bleu cheese dressing, crumbled bleu cheese, lettuce & tomato.  Delicious and affordable!
The BLT with avocado is incredible.
best and most affordable make-your-own salad in murray hill!
Get the grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato wrap with roasted peppers
any sandwich is SO good. but the pesto panini is especially great and messy.
Get ingredients for your $uper$tar meal here
GET THERE ERALY THEY ALWAYS BUSY AND THE FOOD IS GOOD BUT THE SERVICE SUCKS!!!
Make sure when u come here u know how to tip cause a lot of you don't know how 2. For your info we work hard for our tips n when u don't tip we pay out of pocket to does that do ur drinks n food
This is the worst BBQs ever! Same BBQs food but with horrible service!
pine apple crush is good had the catfish it was bland i wouldn't go back i prefer the one in midtown
The take out service is really good. Prompt and timely.
Don't do it-poor quality! Not the BBQ's of old.
cools omggggg
Hennessy Coladas of course!!!!
Early Sunday morning 12am, place is as loud as a high school cafeteria.
You must order the sticky wings and a bulldog drink (texas size)!
Henessy wings!!
I came here with good thoughts and left with bad ones. This BBQ is in a crazy hectic area. No parking. The chili was nothing to rave about; the chili was cold. Water was not given. Better off with KFC
Pinnapple crush is the wave
Place sucks
All the drinks are cool...the service is ok... Go  texas size...
Make sure u get the  henney pina colada... best.. even when packed service is fast
Henny wings are off the chain!!!
Try the Bulldog!!!
It's all about the Texas size alcoholic drinks w/ the extra shot. Go BIG or go home!!!!!
That tangerine frozen margarita off the hook!!!!!
Bbq's is ghetto ass f#$*.... but them drinks off the hook... thia location, ive went a few times and wasnt satisfide tho
Dallas BBQ website, with other locations, specials & menu.
Hennesey Colada comes with a shot of Hennesy & shot of Alize. Awesome.
Go for their Texas size frozen drinks.
That shit is GHETTO!!!
Try there cod filey platter..
There is no bar here... :-(
Pineapple crush is amazing :)
Loved it but idk for some reason i feel more comfy at the BBQs in the heightz
Mango PATRON!
Takes a million years to fry a goddamn eggroll.
It's already 6.25 lunch special for 2012
Hands down the best bang for you buck. Lunch special is $5.25 for more food than you can eat. Not for people looking to maintain their figure, but that's why it's so good.
Need lots of food for lunch, then get the daily special for $6 - 3 buffet options, fried or white rice, and soup or a soda. From 11:30 AM - 2 PM, M-F.
Excellent value, CASH ONLY, so come prepared.
(212)283-8000 $6 min. for delivery. Open til midnight Sun-Thu, til 1am Fri & Sat. Only one table available for seating.
Brocoli and garlic sauce and veggie fried rice so damn good
Don't be discouraged by the loitering people in front. One of the few good Chinese take-out / delivery in this area.
Wow, did not expect this place to be that good. The $16 lunch box gets you a pancake trio, brown rice, green salad, 2 dumplings, kimchee, AND an entree. Got the pumpkin and tofu which was amazing.
Crab cakes are yum!! Tapas trio gets you three different yummy appetizers if you wanna sample a variety.
Kimchi or scallion pancakes, pumpkin salad & jasmine tea. Or... srsly anything else on the menu, everything is delish
Get the vegetarian duck stone bowl and the shissandra tea!
Avocado and asparagus salad is amazing. So are the vegan crab cakes. Great teas too!
The tea here is delicious and refreshing. The Vegan food is also surprisingly delicious and well-portioned. Will definitely come back for more!
The royal tea is a cultural experience.
They have a new decor
Pomegranate iced tea is amazing as are all the stone bowls.
Great place . Try the hot sauce! It's awesome
The snow dew tea really is wonderful. Lotus was way too subtle for my tastes.Very yummy curry though!
The spicy Malaysian fired rice is a must!! Also, the ginger tea is made with fresh ginger! So good.
The Iced Pomegranate Tea is  light and refreshing.
So delicious! Amazing vegan food! Order a stone bowl and let it sit on your table for an extra minute after they bring it over, the rice gets super crispy and it takes amazing
So delicious! Amazing vegan food! Order a stone bowl and let it sit on your table for an extra minute after they bring it over, the rice gets super crispy and it takes amazing
Really wanted this place to be great, food was decent and staff was frantic. Forgot something in our order and table next to me.
This is an ultra low key and healthy spot. The tea is unlike anything youve tasted via Starbucks so splurge any tealovers!
Tea, Food, Atmosphere = Excellent!!
Don't forget to look up. The ceiling has a lovely floral pattern.
Quite possibly the best vegan vegetable miso soup in the city.  Excellent selection of Pad Thai as well, and the service was exceptional.
The dumpling noodle soup and ramen w/lobster balls are both good. A little over priced, but nice, quiet atmosphere and one of the few vegetarian restaurants in the neighborhood.
Make a reservation and share a Royal Tea Platter with your date. Order the Darjeeling Chai Spice 'Latte' Tea, it's deliciosu!
Bring your gal pals here especially the ones from out of town!!
Vegan Korean food? Sign us up! And don’t miss the button on the table that calls your waiter over – very addictive!
Fantastic food, fantastic staff
Snow dew tea is great, scallion pancakes, crispy eggplant all great
Try the tea   sent via The Vegan Guide To NYC 2011 (www.veganguidetonyc.com)
Citron tea made with real kumquats   sent via The Vegan Guide To NYC 2011 (www.veganguidetonyc.com)
Have the mochi for dessert. Fantastic. 3 pieces.
Try the Dumpling Noodle Soup and spot it on Foodspotting!
$2 miso soup.
Get the sunset and/or volcano rolls
Good sushi rolls!
Solid Cheesesteaks
If you think you'll be able to buy a white chocolate macadamia nut cookie from THIS particular Subway... You've got another "think" coming. 
Always have a good experience in this subway. Im always greeted and well taken care of. Cookies are amazing
Maybe slow, but they are always the best people behind the counters. Always helpful when I go. Anytime of the day
Service so bad my roommate walks to 125th St and we live a block away!
I disagree. I've never had slower service at any subway sandwich shop in nyc, and that's saying A LOT!
Some of the best customer service I have gotten in New York.
Staff is super nice.
The people here are pretty nice.  The lady always hit on me but no gracias!!! Lol
Horrible bubble tea here
Green Tea bubble tea is terribly watered down. Bubbles too soft.
Bubble Tea is so cheap. Only $3
cheapest bubble tea around.
portugese rice wasn't the best. i would skip it. otherwise so far everything is good.
try the milk tea hk style. also porkchop rice is good. prices are reasonable. this area in midtown is worse for affordable and quality food.
Good bubble tea and tasty snacks without having to go all the way to China Town for lunch.
Black, warm olives are deep, complex... & lovely
Eolo serves one of the better lunch deals near the Flatiron. For $19 you can choose mussels, arancini, or a salad to start, then a half portion of fresh pasta or seared octopus as a main course
Amazing Mojitos!
Outdoor Patio
Defiantly delicious, BULLDOG Gin takes your nightcap to the next level.
Happy birthday Johnny Ramroop!!!
Save room for signature dessert, the Sfici's are doughnuts filled with creme dipped in a chocolate coffee sauce. Great pastas too!
October celebrates National Seafood Month: The restaurants making a splash http://exm.nr/nzc9n2
Rolling out National Pasta Day http://exm.nr/nnq64v
Eolo Restaurant Review-Eolo’s Wind’s Blowing Foodies to the Italian Eatery http://exm.nr/q2fZcA
Order a Picnic Lunch or Dinner for $15...great for rooftop meals.
The chardonnay is delicious! And during happier hour it comes with a free antipasto
During "Aperitivo"  (Italian-style Happy Hour from 4pm-6:30) we offer complimentary antipasto with purchase of a cocktail or glass of wine.
Delicious meatballs and octopus appetizers, and great desserts.
the strawberry frozen yogurt is awesometown.
ceviche very friday
The general tso chicken is actually real chicken! Awesom everything!
Neighborhood gem - Jimmy seems to know everyone. And they are great at special requests like no flour, steamed or sauce on the side.
Tostones with garlic oil is one of the best!
Steamed chicken and broccoli with brown rice and garlic sauce on the side.
Best Chinese food in the area!
The pork chops with yellow rice is absolutely tasty
Expensive...
Columbia & Barnard Hillel KOSHER
Brown Stewed Chicken with Rice & Peas is one of a kind!
Суп и кофе таксе
No apologizes were made for bad service and stupidity.
And the girl had some cheese on the wrap when I said I don't want any. When I got into the train, I realized she never gave me my hashbrown so I had to go all the way back only for her to say "oh".
Horrible experience! I asked what was in breakfast wrap so as to avoid unpleasant surprises and I see the girl making the wrap w/ a weird orange sauce she failed to mention!! Why did I ask then?
Love it. Got to know hortons from my time in Rochester. I recommend cheese croissants with butter heated up. Hot smoothies are great.... Coffee triple triple please
Whatever you do, DON'T! At least not at this location. Microwaved bagel, stale donuts, one of the grosset restrooms in Manhattan. Avoid and go around the corner to other location instead.
If you see Horntons and are desperatly looking for food, keep walking.
It's like Dunkin' Donuts but 10x better. Try the cinnamon roll and the hot smoothies. Pure melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness!
Had to try it after hearing how Canadians love it. Big "meh". Good, but nothing special. Not better than Dunkin.
The cafe upstairs is empty at 9am... The window seat over looking 34th is awesome for some Birdseye people watching 8-)
Awesome Sandwich + soup combo!
Obsessed with their Prosciutto Di Parma sandwiches on Baguette - ask for it toasted. I could eat this every day!
Tasty bagels :P
$1.50 bagel with cream cheese :)
Try the creamy tomato soup! Great!
Tasty paninis and not too pricey
The fajita wrap is a good safe choice if you can't decide!
Make a salad with thinks of your choise, as you like but the price are expensive.
The soup/sandwich combos are the only way to save any $$$ here. Otherwise, be prepared to spend about $15 on lunch.
better than bcd!
Same quality soondubu but cheaper than BCD down the street!
Korean BBQ ribs, kimchee beef tofu soup, and seafood beef tofu soup.
Great for those cold winter nights with friends or family. BBQ ribs are delicious, get one and share :)
Oyster tofu soup is the best
Re-opened after renovation, 11/19/11
The food is great but the server is unfriendly.
Best soondooboo jjeegae. Anthony Bourdain approved.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in the tri state area!
One of the hidden/secret area near Hudson river that you should never missed! Plain or Seafood Tofu is so local yet awesome! Get 'em spicy or mild, with Korean BBQ. Ask Anthony Bourdain why!
Make sure you crack the egg as soon as you get your soup! Get that in there while its super hot. So good!
チゲと一緒にほとんどのテーブルが注文しているのが、骨付BBQ。韓国語では、ポパイBBQって言うみたい。
海鮮系の豆腐チゲがオススメ！私は、いつもオイスターにしてます。辛さは、5段階から選べます。辛いのは好きだけど、得意ではない私は、ミディアムホットにしてます。テーブルに鍋がきたら、まずは生卵を投入。ご飯を浸しながら食べるのが、本場流です。
Stay away during peak meal time. Long wait but worth it. This place used to be 24 hours!! Bring your own beer. Lol.
if you come for the food your in for a treat. if your coming for the service, wrong place!
Small menu - a variety of tofu soups and Korean BBQ Ribs! All awesome!
very spicy kimchee beef tofu shop y u m!
Beef and seafood tofu is tasty and cheap ($9)!  BBQ short ribs are well-marinated and cooked to perfection ($15). Complimentary pickled veggies (particularly bean sprouts and cucumbers) are great.
Since when did they start to charge for sprinkles?!?!? Wasn't it free #BackInTheDay?
Always quick and great service! Counter staff is always smiling.
Obsessed with the hash browns! Plus this is my favorite DD in the city!
Leave a tip these guys rock
Friendly staff! ATM available
Can't ever go wrong with the chocolate muchkins. P.s., avoid using the bathroom around here.
i hate this dunkin donuts too bad it the only one near me there always fucking up my order and the sad part i only order ice coffee
The best time is to come during lunchtime!
My best IHOP experience!
Surprisingly clean and pleasant. A nice oasis in the area.
Surprisingly clean and pleasant. A nice little oasis.
HAUTE SAUCE: And, the service really is good!
The service really is good!
Destinee is the BEST server
Poor.customer service...waitress told me to touch my pancakes before I ate them to see if they were cold
Get the red velvet pancakes, they are delicious, you don't even need syrup!
Not really open 24/7.  Carry out is open 24/7 but lobby is open at 7am.  Free wifi
If your gonna do take out call it in cause there Slow!
the bacon stuffed burger is the shit a must eat
Try the honey vanilla steamer for a sweet treat. Yum!
Their great service (and bread) keeps making me come back!
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Awesome place to recharge, since dumb Starbucks doesn't have open outlets anymore
Tis the season! So try the thanksgiving turkey sandwich complete with stuffing and cranberries!
the creamy tomatoes soup is worth the walk in the middle of these 90ish degree days
Get their rewards card, register your card online, and you'll 1 free entree! Yumm!
Try the signature salad with the low calorie dressing for a yummy, yet satisyfying meal. Try adding salmon for some extra protein.
This place such awesome bread! The sandwiches and salad are so yummy!
Their bread is so amazing/addictive!! Great Soy Chai Lattes! Try the Lentil Soup, yum!
Free wifi!
This is not Mexican food! Shame on you people...
If you want to go ... you can ask for all the toppings on the side!
We don't have the same vision of what extra cheese is. #GiveMeMore
Probably the best Mexican spot to grab a burrito or a rice bowl if you're not a bread eater. At home and don't want to wait on the massive long line? Download the the awesome app!
It's Chipotle what else can we say! this in the Empire state so it is a tourist trap!.. but the food is always consistently good
For a healthy lunch try a burrito salad and SKIP THE RICE!
I love Chipotle. This one is as good as the others but pretty busy/long lines with lots of tourists (no surprise given the location). (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
I love Chipotle. This one is as good as the others but pretty busy/long lines with lots of tourists (no surprise given tr location). (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Chipotle Mexican Grill350 5th Ave. (at 34th St.), New York, NY 10118Burrito Place, Mexican Restaurant
Order via app or online to beat the long lunch lines and go straight to the register to pick up your order.
Needs more seats
Get a side of guacamole and chips, won't regret it.
If you're getting food here, go for the Tacos or the Bowls. Their rice and beans are nothing special, so the best strategy is to load up on sour cream and meat.
Great food but way too many tourists.
Riquiisiiimo
Probably one of the busiest chipotles in the city, but the line moves quickly. Avoid the lunch rush between 1 and 2 pm.
Margaritas are pretty good for the price. You can also order a quesadilla. Is not on the menu, but they will make it.  Avoid the lettuce though. Its not always clean.
Woo hoo - business card winner! Hilda thank you so much - what a fun Vinci de mayo!
Order online to avoid the long line inside; tons of tourists.
PHOTO: Opened on May 1st, 1931, the Empire State Building turns 80 this year! Visit our iconic photo gallery, at the link, for amazing images of the building's history!
Delicious burritos that are the size of baby Chihuahuas!
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Check Chipotle iPhone app for instant checkouts.
If only you like big, big Buritos.
This place is always too busy. You should be getting creative anyway and trying out the Koreatown digs on 32nd st. or at least nommy Heartland Brewery next door (with more time, of course.)
Very good mexican food.
Ask for "a bolt of chipolt"
I found out not too long ago that you can add fajita peppers and onions to any item on the menu at no additional charge! So ... there's THAT!!
Guacamole is awesome
Not a lot of places to relax and stretch out, but very good drip coffee and great service!
This, the original branch of Cafe Grumpy, is a favorite spot of ours for good coffee and getting work done. Lots of tables, a smattering of plugs, and sometimes overwhelmed wifi. Top notch baked goods
This, the original branch of Cafe Grumpy, is a favorite spot of ours for working good coffee. Lots of tables, a smattering of plugs, and sometimes overwhelmed wifi. Top notch baked goods.
Pay with Square! Also, the banana bread has a pleasant spicy kick.
Love the black iced tea!
Come by bike and get a discount! Woo!
Best coffee I've ever had. Iced or hot.
Girls happened here. Hannah donned pants with “a slim leg” and joined Ray as a barista at this BK coffee spot.
Go say hi to Hannah Horvath.
Decent americano....yet, I prob the only person here now without a MacBook.
Barista clearly too cheery to be working at a cafe, especially one named Grumpy.
Drinks are pricey, come in small sizes, and are nothing spectacular.
All prices just raised by $1 overnight to "match prices in Chelsea"
Not grumpy. Friendly. And tasty coffee too. Wi-fi seems a bit spotty.
Best coffee in neighborhood. Latte with an extra shot will make your day!
The espresso is fantastic and the staff is friendly. Best coffee in Greenpoint.
Cafe Grumpy is an ethical & sustainable cafe participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now to get discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Thanks for the tasty coffee, and letting me use your wifi when I was unemployed and the internet hadn't been set up at my new apartment.
They roast their own coffee here, and it's usually great. Try a single origin espresso or pourover and something from their Essex St bakery. A good number of plugs but sometimes overwhelmed wifi.
They roast their own coffee here, and they're usually great. Try a guest espresso or pourover and a treat baked by them on the Lower East Side. A good number of plugs but sometimes overwhelmed wifi.
Tastiest house coffee in Brooklyn.
copo mico!
I recommend trying the coffee.
Try the Giabralter, an off menu special, and my go to drink at Grumpy.
Trivia: the owner saw a lot of cafes that served average coffee with happy people inside. He decided to do the opposite. Good coffee with grumpy people inside : )
I'll be back
Best iced coffee in NY
The baked goods improve every week (but I still miss Scratchbread).
Brewed to order, it's the best cup of coffee you'll find in the area hands down! Try their Ethiopian bean in a macchiato for a intensely fruity cup.
Best coffee in Greenpoint. Slow internet
Guacamole appetizer is excellent. Nice for a large group.
Get the Burrito!
For brunch get the Migas...mmmmmm delicious
Super tasty big margaritas
Try the Huevos Beneditos -  (via @Foodspotting)
The Croque Señor is quite possibly the best sandwich in NYC. And I mean that.
Ok I'm 2 Margs in... It's Sean not Seam
Rocking Horse is OPEN. Get your drink on and get you fix of great food. Ask for Seam or Jasmine at the bar - or have Diego wait on you!!!! Run don't walk.
Steak burrito is the way to go...also the sangria/margarita drink is delicious and lethal
Our go to spot for brunch. Awesome steak bfast burrito and for dinner the calamari salad is awesome. Unbeatable frozen margs too!
this place is delicious!! amazing chips and salsa.
Best Mexican in the City.  Innovative and traditional dishes.
wi-fi network: Rocking Horse Cafe wi-fi password: 2124639511 - via 4sqwifi.com
The chicken burrito is simply great! The pasilla salsa is a MUST.
overrated go somewhere else
Great place for a glass filled with ice
Giant taco sized chips, and unique yummy salsa. And that's just the table snack...
My new favorite app is the Tacos de dorado. You gotta try it.
Nothing has enough heat. Tortillas were gummy, and Margarita were way too sweet. People watching was entertaining
Excellent steak burrito.  Take the prix fixe with a bloody mary.
Great brunch spot before Griffin Sundays! 7p-1a, open bar 7-8, every Sunday!
I LOVE the giant chips (house made methinks) and that salsa/chipotle purée dip is righteous!
That shrimp tamal is crazy tasty
Come for the margaritas. Stay for food and great servers.
Brunch is super yummy and their margaritas are super strong! Waiters are so sweet! Worth the price.
Great drinks and food. Get em all
Try the Flan de Coco - #sweet (via @Foodspotting)
The salsa is excellent (and unique)!
Food was good!
Huevos Rancheros are fantastic.  Partner them up with one of their frozen margaritas and you're well on your way to a perfect Saturday!
Crawfish dumplings are a delight, as are the ones with peashoots.
Miso Glazed Salmon and the Shanghai Wonton Soup are really nice lunch or dinner options. A Seamless favorite that should be on everyone's must-eat list!
Cilantro & chimichurri sauce on the Steak Plate is addictive.
Quirky, cash-only Japanese restaurant that is constantly humming at lunch. Pretty decent Shanghai wonton soup (add noodles). The $2.50 Sapporos ensure that I'll be back for a long lunch on Fridays.
It was the most spicy Thai salad in my life!!! It's speechless!!! My best wishes to Mooncake Food, I'll be here!!!)
Ok. This place is the sh!t. I knew it was good sign when I saw the fish sauce bottles. A hidden gem in the shadow of The Garden.
This place has the most sophisticated menu selection by Penn Station in a fun atmosphere. Not bad prices.  Short wait time. My new fave in the area, I wish I came sooner!
Bring a cardigan, they blast the a/c. Cash only!
Get a side of jalapeno sauce... You'll thank me later.
Miso glazed salmon every time I am here. Cheap Sapporo, too.
Try the miso-glazed salmon plate w/brown rice. Really good and healthy.
The ginger ice tea is extremely gingery, be careful.
Nyum nyum :D
wow wow wow. Pulled pork is great! Loved the sausage and tuna all great choices! On and salmon + $2.50 pints!?! Love love love this place!!!
Sliced steak with chimichurri is the best dish on the menu.
I'd recommend the Miso-Glazed Salmon Plate! Throw some of the spicy mango chutney sauce in for an extra kick!
Ain't no thing like the chicken wing! And the pulled pork roll is one of the best in the city, without doubt.
Try the Vietnamese Meatball Sandwich (Banh Mi Xiu Mai) (via @Foodspotting)
Try the grilled pork chop sandwich ($8): "tender, thin slices of pork, brushed with a bit of sweet hoisin and quickly grilled, paired with a mango chutney and irresistibly crunchy, fresh bread."
Food comes out extremely quickly, and who can beat $2 pints?!
Try the Grilled Pork Chop Hero w/Mango Chutney! Delicious. Avoid the Vietnamese Summer Rolls, though.
Loved the cold Jicama spring rolls (vegetarian). Sauce that comes with it is deliciously hot. Going back for more!
Lemongrass Shrimp is the best here. Occasional food poisoning is a bummer but it's worth it.
Miso glazed salmon plate is tasty!
Buckwheat noodle salad (with chicken or tofu) is amazing, I eat it at least 2x a week. One of the few good sit down places around Penn station. Highly recommend!!
Get a steak plate. Brown rice. Divine.
the most tasty miso glazed salmon!
Fun and casual comfort food spot where most entrees are under $10 and served lightning quick. Start with the Edamame with sea salt and then enjoy their selection of dumplings.
The salmon is incredibly good. Sliced steak is good too, yeah, but it's the sauce that makes the dish.
Awesome sliced steak w cilantro chimichurri!
Generally really delicious, but is out of carrots and apples and other key ingredients more often than they should be.  The staff is nice, though...
As a regular, I don't come here for the food but for the coffee. I have no idea what they put in it, but it is delicious and it gives me that perfect amount of energy to tackle the day.
PANCAKES!!!
Decent coffee shop food...funny watching the owner and his son go at each other Damn near every morning behind the counter lol...
Extra extra ranch.
My regular place i eat here everyday
Chocolate chip cookies warm
Tuna fish lettuce tomatoes and some sweet onion on wheat try it u will like it
I've always been scared to come into this one for obvious reasons. DEFINITELY AVOID IT IF YOU CAN!
Horrible service and long wait time for food... Do NOT waste your time unless you have tons to give away.
Don't bother to waste your time with this location. The associates have no consideration to meeting the specifics of their orders. They are rude & seem to have no proper management
Don't let people cut you when you're in line for the bathroom. They'll try, even of you're trying to get to Electric Zoo.
Fries are sometimes hard, everyone wants change. But if you want druken entertainment, this is the place after 2am.
They Wont let you use the bathroom unless you buy something wtt????
People are crazy here, they get an attitude even when ur being genuinely cordial
Always crowed. Horrible service.  Great fries.
At ollies' picking up some food, before' i head home..
DO NOT EAT HERE! FOOD SUCKS! SERVICE SUCKS! GO grab a sandwich. At Brad's instead
Delivery people demand tips and mumble depending how much is given. If they don't like the tip they refuse to leave. Bad for business.
Delivery people demand a
Theo sodas come in cans, so no free refills.
Me and a family member got bubble guts after drinking the iced honey green tea. Otherwise, the food was great and fresh.
Try the egg drop soup...
Really rude waiters.. but the food is great...
The sodas in the cooler are never very cold when I get take-out - but they charge 50 cents for a cup of ice to solve the problem. Not very cool.
Gross. When you say garlic sauce, do you really mean 1/2 cup of oil? Well, I don't.
Steamed veggie dumplings are the best, very doughy and sooooo good.
Shrimp n broc or crispy prawns is always a winner :)
It seems the Veggie curry noodle soup was not that good. But my chicken sesame was great.
Check out the Curry Flavored Chicken Fried Rice.
Fantastic noodles near Columbia
아...웨이터들이 별로예요 ㅠㅠ
You must try the steamed veggie dumplings - even if you are vegetarian. Been eating it for 18 years.
it can only be considered an emergency restaurant. do not use fantasy, gor for the simple, rock solid dishes!
How can you mess up fried rice!?
Avoid this place at all cost!
Their "spicy" dishes are not spicy and they don't have any legit hot sauce to make up for it. Their boba milk tea was watered down like the Hudson. Avoid like the swine flu.
Lo mein is very good. Ten Ten noodles is fantastic.
Food is delish, hearty portions, Columbia university location is fab. Wait staff pool tips and service lacks due to it I think.
Passion fruit bubble tea is amazing!!!
Steamed vegetable dumpings A+ (via Scoville)
Good beef noodle but bad services
Prices lower than the Lincoln Center location & the portions are larger.
the food was pretty bland
Great Chinese - better than other Ollie's chains. Lunch special is 1 entree and a soup of your choice for only $6.50.
The everything soup is fantastic in cold weather!
Gogo-gi chicken. Sweet is perfect. Spicy is painful, but still delicious. Dabble at your own discretion
The Kal Bi is so good it's irresponsible.
Spicy pork!!!
I ordered a side of kimchee - one dollar for a coleslaw-sized container?! But the bulgogi was great! Will go here again!
Get the vegetable dumpling box ahhh-mazing!!
Try the Korean style spicy glazed wings!! Amazingggggg!!
Biggest beers on the block, best staff(hands down), huge portions of food. Yankee fans can rejoice knowing that this place received the best of Texas(owner) ;)
Get a couple of tall boys before the game
Big beers, $8.
Mediocore food. Good for drinks
Getting a Philly cheesesteak ^_^
Food is ok delivery is lazy as barely gets of bike
Agree with the mayor--the quesadilla gigante is fresh and delicious!
Good food. Cheap. Quick delivery.
Cookie sandwiches are just the right size and intensely flavored!
Whole wheat ciabatta is very good
Best house music loop in the city. Good Capps +Croissants, too.
Their drip coffee of the day, a Guatemala Santa Clara, tastes like chocolate.  Coffee heaven. A must - visit if you appreciate good java.
get the dirty iced chai (dirty = shot of expreso) on a summer's day
Best latte in NYC, hands down.
Try the Iced French Vanilla With Chocolate Chip Cookies - Yum (via @Foodspotting)
Nice cappuccino place near Grand Central.
Get the prosciutto on chiabata! Delicious!
Starbucks is for losers
always ask for extra hot, drinks always end up cold.
Definitely get one of their homemade chocolate chip cookies.  They're amazing, especially right out of the oven!!
Guys behind the counter are so generous!!
Egg and cheese ciabatta is awesome.
They're serious about their coffee. And I think they're Israeli?
Halloumi Sandwich: The simplicity of the other sandwich elements (a swipe of cream cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickle) perfectly compliment the savory meatiness of the halloumi cheese.
good coffee and cheaper than Starbucks.. cozy
Can't get a soy mocha latte here because it is premixed
Amazing turkey sandwich
Need an extra kick in the morning on a hot day? Iced coffee with a shot from here sets everything right.
Seriously the cookies are to die for here. My co-workers also like the oatmeal for breakfast.
Try the Iced Mocha - Just learned that I can add whipped cream to this. (via @Foodspotting)
Meh. 12oz small cappuccino is sacrilegious. I recommend skipping the line here and going to Joes in GCentral
Delicious beverages sometimes in the shape of a heart new Grand Central.
Love the House Music...
Great place to practice your language skills.
Try the Latte - My afternoon fix. (via Foodspotting)
The chocolate chip cookies here are Amy’s favorite outside of the ones she bakes at home. And Macchiato’s long, but quick-moving lines attest to the quality of coffee and espresso here.
Try the Chicken Caesar Salad and spot it on Foodspotting!
Choc chip cookies definitely amazing -- uses squares of chocolate-bar chocolate instead of chips, crisp outside chewy inside. Best in the neighborhood.
Try the chocolate chip cookie and spot it on Foodspotting!
No matter what you ask for. They won't get it right.
large iced tea its ok
They never get anything right!!! The kid at the register took change out of the tip jar to correct an incorrect order. o.O The worst!
24 Hour Drive Thru!!!
Good food. Try it!
Everything delicious...but try the cookies and cream milkshake...try to get an extra scoop of icecream - that's a whole lunch
The steak is fantastic but you must try the Gash!
I have sadly become obsessed with the pasta salad with olives. It's just so good. Also, the soups rock and the people are super nice.
The veggie burrito is way to expensive. Just hit chipotle!
I really like their grape leaves.  Give 'em a shot!
I LOVE the vegetable quiche - in fact it is what's for breakfast today!
I love the falafel sandwich!
Try the spinach pie.
You have gotta try the iced coffee here. It's a step above anything you've ever put in your mouth. Really.
No horchatas :(
Check out the wallpaper. If you find out where they got it--- message me!
Love the trendy decoration! Lunch special is solid
Happy hour $3 beer $5 wine!
Mirrors, mirrors, and more mirrors.
look for guy on corner of 35th + 5th giving out free cookie coupons w/ any sandwich purchase
The cashiers take their sweet time taking orders and dishing out chicken.
Damn Popeyes smell polluting the air eveywhere inotoxicating me to buy chicken!!
It's just too much going on in here. I don't know if this is a restaurant or a homeless shelter/rehabilitation clinic. And don't think to use that nasty ass bathroom!
This popeys is ASSSSSSSSS! PLZ get me outta here.
Get some more seats! And start enforcing no loitering! No food = no seat!
A lot of characters in here boy...
Just be patient. Eventually someone will take your order.
this dunkin donuts has the most slackin ass hot chocolate I ever had
Go to 31 Cent Scoop Night on April 28 – from 5 to 10 p.m. all flavors are reduced to 31 cents a scoop! Last year rocked AND I got rid of my loose change :)
Less crowded better service than Kenny's Bakery!
Get the cafe con leche and pan de agua (water bread)
Gnocchi, spaghetti bolognese, and prosciutto pizza are all delicious.
Come for: the amazing Neapolitan style pizza—thin lightly charred crust, delicate tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella (toppings are quality too)—best in the area. Avoid: everything else on the menu.
Amazing Nutella and banana crepe thing!
Excellent wood fired pizzas, and friendly Italian hospitality. A real find!
Love the food. Service is great. Eat the Brunch on Sunday.
No A/C but sit by the floor-legnth windows and have them open them to the street.
Awesome Tiramisu!
Super tasty Italian fare! Try the insalata romana. http://www.delivery.com/menu/bettolona
Not bad, not fantastic. It may just be me, but I feel like the pizza choices need to be more diverse. I think I considered ordering three nearly identical pizzas.
Peaceful brunch spot - good coffee
Delicious affordable pizzas! Take a bite, close your eyes, and envision yourself in Italy!
Si mangia bene e vero italiano. Ottimo tiramisu. Molta simpatia!
Stay away from the pasta integrale. I've gotten sick every time I've ordered it.
If you want something indulgent but light, I suggest the Bianca pizza and a glass of prosecco. Mmmm
If they have the braised Lamb shank on special, do yourself a favor and order it. You can thank me later.
Free mimosa with brunch. Food is good but nothing special. The atmosphere is really nice, good service. Overall nice place to brunch on a lazy weekend.
Roustic soup is very tasty. Try it!
Best Italian food in the area! why? because it's run by Italians who make you feel welcome. Go and say ciao to Sandro and enjoy if you have a problem tell 'em same way you would tell your mom at home.
Worst red headed waitress ever.  Service is awful.  Food is decent
Try the wheat veggie pizza- so yummy
excellent pasta dishes at night! many people don't know about this gem in Haarlem!
The owner Sandro is amazing! His hospitality combined with the atmosphere, delicious food and BYOB makes this place awesome.
OMG BYOB in NYC!
The pies here are actually available in either regular or whole wheat crusts -- a nice healthy option.
Don't count on swiping to pay for your purchases. Only cash is accepted here.
They closed
Agreed - the hot avocado sandwich is amazing.
Get a tuna melt its awesome..
The hot avocado sandwich is a must!  (And it tastes way better if you eat in, rather than get delivery.)
Even after a grade pending they got C
Try the jerk wings
Awesome General Tso..not soggy and not burnt crispy..fantastic shrimp n broccoli and great shrimp rolls. They're food is just great..and they're service is too. Plus they speak Eng, Chinese & Spanish
Yo... who the fuck brought me this chocolate shit, man? I said a banana nutrament, man,Ya'll heard the fuck I said. I gave you--I wrote it on the fuckin' paper, man. Smart, dumb niggas and shit, man.
Horrible. Overpriced, awful service, rude staff. Just stay away.
These guys r nice, they contributed to our 6th Graduation Dance!!! Go Le Jardin!!
City views, good food, painfull check!..
Cool staff....
The staff here is really nice and they work fast. This is def my fav domino's in the city!
The pizza is pretty good. Esp pepperoni.
Cornbread so random, yet so good. Im convinced somebody's Grandma was in the kitchen making it!!
They serve Hale and Hearty soups; however, be wary of the broth based varieties. I believe it is watered down.
Pizza is pretty good. But no actual Rapping. Misleading name...
First time here! Some staff are pleasant and some are unpleasant!
This is my second home. I love IHOP. Can't get no better and service is quick. Even on a Sunday with the church people comes in. Lol! I get good service everytime
Greatest place on earth ihop love it
security at the door ummmm why??? is this spot that ghetto smfh
Peach ice tea is delicious
THE BEST DRINK AT IHOP IS THE SPLASH BERRY
Today they served me milk that was starting to go off.  The manager says they don't have any fresher milk.  #Fail
You're at one of Harlem's most popular breakfast joints located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate visit www.elliman.com/brianphillips
Free Pancake Day!!!!
Hey - it's open and they have food. You're drunk and the sun is rising...don't be picky.
The food is pretty bad, we didn't even eat half of it.
Good place to have breakfast at dinner time. Food is good!
Try the vegetable Crepe
Tuscan Chicken Griller was tasti, just did not like the bun saturated with Tomato Pesto.
Too expensive and they don't give enough for price. Plus takes forever
Who doesn't love pancakes?! Learn how you can make them at home for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ajYx0UIxo
Great food as usual, but be prepared for the presence of security guards on the weekend late night as well as an occasional fight during those hours. It is Central Harlem...
Coffee is nasty smh
Don't come on a Sunday. It's church dinner time. This place is awesome at 4am after partying.
If you decide to come here after the club make sure you ask for Alexia.  Sweet beautiful girl with a pleasant voice (Hehe). So far she is great!
A great place to take the kiddies when they behave...breakfast for dinner??? who can resist?
Pancakes and egg and cheese omlette are awesome!
The service is not too bad; the waitress got us what we requested without attitude and checked up on us. The Nutella crepes were actually very good!
Avoid this place!  Told I would wait 10 minutes, awaited over 30 minutes.  To support this business is to settle for mediocracy in our community.
Food is serviced fast and is great, but service was not satisfactory
Shit is tasty mmmhhmm
The service is horrible but the food is awesome the waitress was really ghetto and nasty exactly y she got 0 tip
My roommate contracted cholera here (not even close to kidding - what a disaster); however, the scrambled eggs with cheese are superb. :)
While you're at IHOP, think twice about ordering the 'New York Cheesecake Pancakes' which have a whopping 1,270 calories. Instead consider Blueberry Harvest Grain 'N Nut pancakes, with only 570 calori
Dominique is an awesome waitress!! Very courteous & prompt! She's the light skin girl w/ glasses(Alicia Keys look-a-like..lol..I guarantee she will make your experience at this IHOP a pleasant one
I Love The bacon cheeseburger at Jimbo's is great.
Free delivery minimum $5 order 212-283-5050. Usually takes about 20 minutes.
Order the turkey burger deluxe! or eggs, home fries and sausages with a half & half.
They burn the turky, bacon, and cheese. -_- makes me sad bc this is a really good sandwhich without the sauce ofcoarse
Come to find out they don't sell white chocolate anymore they have the hot chocolate mint instead
Come to find out they don't sell the white chocolate no more they have the hot chocolate mint instead
Horrible service. Went here on two different occasions and got treated like dirt. Avoid going to this dunkin at all cost. Workers are RUDE!!!!!! they wanted me to pay for something I didn't want. Smh
Love their white chocolate
love dunkin! everything they have is great
Excellent coffee when the two sisters are there- usually in the morning. It's a 50-50 shot if the guys make it!
They always have one person working behind the counter and makes the wait longer. The other bad thing about it is you can't purchase items that's in that bp store. You have to do separate transactions
The prices, as I know, are pretty decent. Can get a steamed fish dinner for under 13 bucks... and with all the other eat out options..... that's a steal
Little diner with great food and great service.
Best food ever!
Best food in there
Don't let the long line scare you.  The line moves fast and is worth the wait.
Long line is worth the wait for these juicy steak sandwiches!!
If steak is your thing, Lobel's is your spot. Behind section 139 in right field, this joint offers some juicy sandwiches. Watch the butchers work while you wait.
If steak is your thing, this is the place. Down the right field line on the main level, Lobel's sees crowds form throughout the game.
I'm annoying and request that they cut me some fresh slices off the roast instead of serving up the slices bathing in the au jus.  I'll take my au jus on the side, thanks.
Best steak sandwich in nyc
Pork sandwich with avocado and cheese is delicious
Have the chicken taco. The best one I have found on the East Coast!
Go on the weekend and have 'pozole'. It's absolutely incredible!  Be sure to pile on the salsa, onions, chopped cilantro, and lime.  To die for.
Great food and for a great price. They do not speak much english. Wonderful people
they take cash and credit, open till midnight
$1.25 Nat tall boys
Order number 2. Remember to wear bronzer if you are a white a$$ like I am.
ok, so its right next to my gym but I gotta say once in a while this is a great spot for cheat day.  nomnom
They should put pic of the food on the register because heads in here are SLOW. Good Lord!
Prepare to meet some of the most disgusting and ill mannered people in NY while in line.
Murder burgers, junkies and homeless, enjoy!!!
I never eat here or drink from here but I stock up on straws and napkins for my office nearby
Stick around to see someone napping/staying too long. The store is monitored by an off-side company. They will get on the intercom and call the person out. Classic entertainment!
It's slow but they care about you!
So I Broke iT
Increíble lo bueno que son las mini hamburguesas de acá ..... y solo venden en tamaño pequeño
Visitors! Go figure!!!
Word of advice for any one who goes here leave immediately, not only is it a weird environment the food is terrible!
OMG. Why is it always soooo slow in here!
They make great sandwiches, gyros, and breakfast.
Good place better deals then most!
Don't forget to tip...
Soup with smoked bacon and split peas here tonight!
Authentic Indian food. Great saag paneer.
Over the rice!!!! Chant with me -- over-the-rice... over-the-rice... over-the-rice... over-the-rice... over-the-rice... OVER-THE-RICE!!!!!!!
Best tikka masala and saag paneer in town - BAR NONE
Possibly the best Indian I've had in New York. Authentic and tasty. Get the combo plate. And try the spicy lamb mince. They also serve a fennel/coloured seeds mix to cleanse your palate. Legit.
Cranky service
Combo it up!
The Kofta here is great!
I totally don't want want to cancel you as my FSQ friend they did something weird?! I wish I could message you instead sorry :(
Get the masala dosa.
If u are not Indian, they are stingy with their portions and the flavor is mediocre.
Used to be a great deal. Portions keep shrinking.
delicious tikka massala and naan! actually EVERYTHING looks good here! great dive restaurant.
I recommend getting 2 roasted papadom with your meal combos. So nummy!
Garlic Naan! Enough said.
Mixed veggies are amazing
drink the water in the back of the fridge.
The aloo gobi over rice is only $6. Tasty, and not so heavy that you'll be in a food coma afterwards.
Tasy!
Some of the strongest coffee around- Salmon burger is on point.
Get the Frog's Leg. Seriously. They are delicious.
Serge is a great chef and businessman. He really works the room.
Love french food here, being french myself I'm pretty picky this place is 5 stars!
Must try their caesar salad. Also they have the best lunch deals for french food in the area. Great service!
Not just pizza! Everything from cheeseburgers to homestyle Mexican tacos.
Good breakfast spot
Slowest Starbucks ever. Don't come here if you're in a hurry
Slow servive and no wifi: not a great stop for a cup of coffee...
The outlets are at your feet under the seats!
nothing but relaxed atmosphere
Health Rating is now "A"
Come in and enjoy an iced hand crafted beverage- the people here are fantastic!
Wifi free.....
Try the new mocha cookie crumble with chocolate whipped cream... It's delish!!
From June 01 to June 08 if you check-in on FourSquare Starbuck's will donate $1.00 to fight AIDS.
You must try their new Mallorca Sweet Bread, it's delicious.
Long line, but pretty quick. Good, very friendly service!
The employees are very pleasant
Check in periodically for Frappucino Happy Hour from 2-5. Half-priced grandes!
Between the "C" health dept. rating and the horrible morning rush lines and service, there's no reason to come here other than that it's on your way to work.
Try Chai Latte with  soy
slowest service ever. argh.…
Screwed up drink...
Without Jeremiah, things don't run nearly as smooth.
Try the Gingerbread late'
Where everybody knows your name.
A lot "busier" than any I've been to , but still AWESOME!
Line is always long, but it moves fast.
Avoid like the plague on Saturday mornings. Staff is friendly and quick, but TOURISTS!  Need I say more.
By far the best Starbucks in NY. Made my stay there much, much more pleasant. LOVE YOU, MATES!
See Vicki, she's the best starbucks manager ever!
a tall Pike tastes like coffee flavored rat poison....
Perfectly reasonable place to grab a cheap cup of coffee!
Get the NYPD, breakfast wrap turkey, egg whites, & Swiss on a whole wheat wrap... Delicious
Grab one of the many sandwiches here - but hope you don't get stale bread!
Before there was the Ace Hotel, there was Ace Deli.  Try one of the many sanwiches on the board - but hope you don't get stale bread!
Burritos are cheap, tasty, and huge
Try their spinach pizza. Really good. It's fatty, but ah well, what can we do!
When the DJ plays music on the weekend expect him to jack it up to untalkable levels.
I've been sitting here for about 20 minutes with an empty glass, trying to close out, with no response from the 2 bartenders, despite the fact that it's a quiet night. *disappointing*
Sat down at the bar. There were more bartenders behind the bar than people sitting in front of it. 5 minutes and not so much as an acknowledgement. Who knows what the food or beer is like- walked out.
Ughh cherry bomb taste like robitussin,
Amazing beer selection. Cherry bomb, framboise -- YES. Deep fried bacon brownie &cookies for dessert -- YESS.
Tons of TVs and a rotating tap list of 40 drafts! Get selection for everyone. Get there early on game day, otherwise you'll be standing!
overrated and terrible service. Also need to update their menu. charged or gave us something different than we ordered for almost everything. will not be coming back.
Get the corndog - outstanding !
Perhaps the best fish and chips I've found so far in New York. No, really, I mean it, you gotta try them. Well worth the $16.
Just a fantastic place to measure tape.
Great place to measure tape
Freeeee beeeer shhhooootttt
good selection, but overpriced...$9 for Jai Alai?
Never order the hummus
Try the fried pickles with a specifically paired beer (yeah, they do that)!
awesome beer selection, great bar food, and multiple games on. What more could you ask for?! Ask the hostess to show you their ID scanning App. It pulls up like ALL your priors. So... maybe dont.
Tons of beers on tap and bartenders help you discover beers you will like... Especially if you don't know them all like me.
A great place to try a craft beer you've never tried before.
Crispin cider if you want a break from beer.
Haley was the best teacher for bier class. Very knowledgable about the Biers. Alot of fun and well worth the time to attend her class . I will be attending all four.
Awesome beer selection. The St. Louis ribs were good but the edamame was too greasy. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Claire is the best waitress here! Tip her well!!
What an amazing beer selection!! Best in NYC.
Desperately seaking Anthony V!
Get the double cinnamon dark & stormy... Perfect fall cocktail
Overrated.  Staff not attentive.  Water ale house better food, beer and staff
Get the Pumpkin Pie Lager - it's awesome
House ale is awesome!!
Awesome bartenders and just awesome place
Taproom is more than just a room with beer taps. Over 40 varieties of craft beer on tap (including 2 casks) are complimented nicely with a menu that can be paired with your beer of choice.
No frills watering hole in koramangala.
Ask for lemon chicken. It's not on the menu. But it's awsum!!!
Yuppies! Stop coming here and ruining the place for all of us.
The service is really bad like zero customer service.. The staffs needs to be trained to treat there customers... Trained to know that there customers are gods.. I guess that explains why it's cheap
My evening watering hole :)
Times hav Changed, now indoors are much more happening than sitting outdoors.
No frills watering hole. Civil regulars who mind their own business, but don't suffer fools.  Good food. Try the lemon chicken, pepper chicken and fries.
Cheap booze but the service sucks.. especially if you are sitting inside.. French fries and kalmi kabab are good..
Low profile place with regulars who get good music! Gets crowded in the evenings. Cheap alcohol and good starters
Do not sit indoors, it is musty and service sucks. Grab a table outside afa possible.
You can never go wrong with their thali! Served hot and tastes authentic! One of the better places in a highly competitive neighbourhood with places such as Anjapaar and Nandhini
You order anything here and you won't be disappointed. The quality of curd tops!
Never order butter chicken from here.. Tastes like coconut fish curry Kerala style
Go for a meal+chicken side combo or have the biryani! Can't go wrong here
Order the Andhra meals. You can't go wrong
Great veg food
Choose between a sumptuous andhra meal or my favourite combo of a mutton biryani and an andhra style chilli chicken !!
Hot dog with pretzel bun is tasty. Comes with beans cooked in whiskey. So good!
Get drinks downstairs, party upstairs!
Don't mess around with the bouncers. Trust me.
All time favorite spot. Good music/good drinks.
Get the fried chicken on Tuesdays! Yummy.
Music upstairs is on point on fridays
the food here is surprisingly good. try the grilled portabello sandwich! amazing.
This is my favorite neighborhood restaurant/ bar. I love the staff, especially my bartender Jessica and the food is consistently the bomb diggity, No doubt!
Despite the name they do not serve alcohol here
Great service and the crab cake was awesome!
Bitches Say C+! Bourbon is a great go-to for delicious, unhealthy food (think tater tots, grilled cheese, and doughnuts). In general, we love both the cuisine and the ambiance.
Get the old fashion, it's a proper old fashion with water or soda. Great drink, great bar tenders.
Ask Rich the bartender for his special drink, it's yummy!
Get the meatloaf. Ask for a side of corn. Put corn on top of meatloaf. Order bourbon. Drink bourbon. Be happy.
Their bouncers enjoy throwing girls gown stairs for no reason.
MORE BATHROOMS ARE NEEDED. J CHRIST.
Bourbon is real cute with a group of six or more.
Crab cake sandwich is one of the best in dc.
The upstairs, then the up-up stairs makes for an excellent launch event.
Go here for brunch.  The Diner will have a line out the door, but you'll find a spot @ Bourbon.
We need to petition to get the hot dog/pretzel roll back for dinner/happy hour. Why they discontinued it I'll never know.
If you can grab the loft area on the second floor, do it. It's lovely.
Fun place for whiskey flights! Bread pudding is delicious!
Best biscuit and gravy... Yum yum
I will continue to visit their brunch. It is amazing, but as a bar it's awful. They are the slowest bartenders in Adams Morgan.  have bartender in amo for 5 years so I can attest to this.
Good old bay curly fries
A great rager atmosphere.  I have fun every time I'm there.
Bar area I great and has a tv for game nights. Wings are awesome and beer selection is as good as any in dc. Writing while happily drinking my long train coffee stout
Great DJs on Thursday nights if you're trying to rage
The girls are super loose here.
Find out what's happening in West New York or let us know. www.facebook.com/wnylife
Watch out for tiger!!!!! Lmao
Arnold Palmer Lite in the tall can, FTW!!!
a little expensive but close to home so its worth it!!!
Open til 2am and stocked with more wine beer and liquor than it has any right to. Also: lots and lots of junk food. Perfect for late night munchies and post-gaming.
Church service from 11AM to 1PM Sundays and Thursdays at 7PM.
Love the salads.
The Pollo Villaroy is to die for :) ! Chicken + Béchamel = <3
Try the Spanish Tapas - Fried boquerones, ham & chicken croquettes. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spanish Tapas - Pimientos Padrón!!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Did you try the Paella at Taste of Times Square?
Great tapas.  Had the olives, grilled shrimp, mushrooms, and the (warm) squid. Delicious! Now I'm off to bed. Another busy day awaits.
The sangria is amazing!
Grab some tapas and then head over to see the Off-Broadway Premiere of A SPLINTERED SOUL. http://bit.ly/prYsAV
Must have's: Jamón Serrano (Spanish ham), grilled shrimp, grilled calamari, stuffed mushrooms, artichoke vinaigrette, a pitcher of fresh, chilled Sangria.
the capellini di mare is amazing.  start with some red sangria and patatas bravas.
The Artichoke with Serrano Ham is uh-may-zing.
Filet minot mason is delicious and melts in your mouth.
Grilled Calamari is fantastic
Ok coffee. Good enough to wake the zombie.
Great breakfast and cheap!
great breakfast, awesome service, wicked affordable - CC only for purchases of $7 or more!
They make a decent western omelette.
Good breakfast for superrrrr cheap!
Il migliore ristorante italiano di New York, scelto più volte anche dal cinema. Scorsese ha girato qui The Departed e Woody Allen una scena di Alice.
Great place for food and drink before seeing @woolfonbroadway
Made us wait for 40mins to get our table and no one was there. They were having a 'meeting' and made us wait until they are done. We probably won't go again.
Lovable, lovable garden, fabulous food, and great people. Vivid vibe but private and quiet. Magnificent.
gorgeous restaurant with a lovely garden ! always a pleasant experience ! not trendy, not modern, but charming and beautiful instead, with an old world feel and a well-executed menu to match !
Established 1906, continuously family owned, features food of Piemonte, Italy's northwestern-most region. Redecorated in 1962 with imported 18th century Piemontese antiques, some owned by the Savoys.
Opened in 1906, Barbetta is NYC’s oldest restaurant still owned by the founding family, the oldest Italian restaurant, and the oldest Theatre District restaurant. A historic restaurant trifecta!
Barbetta is an awesome place to go to before seeing the Off-Broadway premiere of A SPLINTERED SOUL, starting 10/21/11. http://bit.ly/prYsAV
The atmosphere is incredible. Avoid the fixed menu if possible - the food wasn't worth the cost.
Barbetta won Award of Ultimate Distinction from the Wine Entusiast under Daniel Bellino Zwicke tenor as Wine Director. WE'S Top Award
Amazing food.  Worth the price of admission.  Even the low-end wines are delicious.  Perfect for dinner before a Broadway show.
Food was only ok. Pasta undercooked.
Wine Enthusiast Restaurant Award Winner for 2007-2009!
Great outdoor courtyard. This is 104 years old. Quick service perfect for theater dinner. In and out inside an hour. First class. Ask for Elvis.
Wifi is a no go :(
Have u tried the lobster BLT ON A CROISSANT?
Delicioso el Corn muffin, de los mejores q he probado!
When I presented the foursquare check-in special for the free coffee to the cashier, she said I had to print it out. WTH?
Bon choix de pâtisseries et produits, prix abordable, parfait pour le petit déjeuner !
get the new Turkey Cubano! its the shit x 8 sideways!
Best, fricken corn muffins. Ever.
The best hot chocolate!
Inefficient restroom design: two single-person single-sex restrooms instead of two unisex ones.
Yummy apple spice oatmeal here. That cheese jalapeno bagels are tasty too.
if you see the mayor behind the register, don't worry.. he unfortunately works here!
Free #wifi is not working. #Fail. Don't go here if you need to use the wifi
The new turkey cranberry Brie sammy is delish!!
The asiago cheese bagels are delicious!!
Employees are super friendly here in the am, plus amazing hazelnut coffee. Also try the almond croissant.
One of the best chicken salad sandwiches I've ever had. Get it!
The Chicken Peanut Wrap (no carrots, no cucumbers please).  Dope.
Such good broccoli chedder soup!
Get the confetti cookies...
The best cheesecake brownies ever!
Chocolate Chip Cookies from these chains are the best kept secret in the place.
The lemonade is stellar
Asiago bagel is slammin.
Good food, especially if all the other food trucks on 50th have unnecessarily long lines.
I paid $7 for pad thai and it was better than most thai restaurants! There was no wait and there was a generous portion! ::Fail Proof Lunch::
New York's first Thai food cart! Order online at foodtoeat.com
It's in union square today.....
You can’t beat such visions as the pan-seared wild striped bass with baby calamari.
If they have the "octopus mosaic" appetizer, order it!
Designed by architect Andre Kikoski, our award-winning restaurant is open for lunch and dinner. Looking for a quick bite? Visit Cafe 3, an espresso & snack bar by the Kandinsky Gallery, Annex Level 3.
This is one of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever seen.  Supercool modern, with an amazing art installation.  Small but decent wine list.  Recommend the Cote du Rhone or the Ex Libris Cab.
Looking forward to the Guggenheim...
compared to other delis in new york city, they have a great friday and the food is cheap. the staff is extremely friendly all hours of the
$14 cigarettes :(
Love the WW Everything with chipolte. Great iced coffee.
Ask them to steam your milk to make your coffee great
Best iced coffee in the neighborhood.
Great bialys & wonderful friendly service by the guys here!
WW everything is awesome as is the whitefish salad, tofu scallion cc, and egg salad. Favorite place in the area for bagels. :)
Pumpernickel bagel toasted.  Scallion CC and bacon!
Best chix salad around and best whole wheat everything!! Yummmmmo!
get a great whole wheat everything here!
this starbucks does not have green tea lattes/frapps. rudeee! go to the one on lexington instead.
I was informed that this particular location does not do refills.
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frap w/ whip
Get there at closing time and they'll give you free food.
There is a little she devil that works in there. You could just feel the evil in the place.
People in the damn way.
Open early! Really early. Perfect.
Bring back the self-serve stations
Tiny and can be crowded in peak hours
Fifty cent refills
You pay, get a cup and pour your own coffee - I like it.
Could the world smallest starbucks. Get in and remember who your after because forming a line is impossible.
Best. Falafel. EVER.
Chicken schwarma is unbelievable
Awesome falafel pita. Combo salad pita was just ok. Also the Spring canned drinks were great too!
Good food, but not set up well for people to sit down.  Also closes at 9pm sharp.
Say hi to Jacky!
Falafel heaven
Omg the best fallafel plate n sandwich ever!!!
Cash only
Best falafel/shwarma in nyc!!
this place is bomb. order the falafel with everything.
Don't mess around... just order a falafel in pita with everything and watch the master at work
Heard really good things about Azuri so I went to objectively see for myself. The falafel sandwich is good but for $6.53, I'm never coming back for another. TAIM is better in every aspect of its game.
They have the coca cola in bottles with the real sugar!!!
The falafel sandwich is like an entire vegetarian middle eastern dinner shoved in pita. The best in nyc
Terrific falafel and schwarma, comes with an impeccably balanced combination of salads and sauces
Go for the combination salad!
This guy has the name wrong. It's Azuri Cafe.
Go to Azure Cafe, have the falafel sandwich
Best falafel and shawarma gyro pita in NYC! Pickles and all the fixins great too.
get the falafel pita with everything, spicy.  best I've ever had.
Expensive food, cheap taste. A diner NOTHING country about it.
Pancakes and sausage are delicious.
Food is average but the sangria is yummy!
Best veggie burger around
Banana whole wheat pancakes have so many bananas in it...... YUM.
Fresh juices are SO good. I recommend apple, ginger, lemon and carrot!
Check out their lunch specials most are priced around $10 with enough food for 2
Great fresh green juice and cheap too.
orange health shake was outstanding; friend loved the tropical shake (which he termed PINA COLADA shake). get that with one their omelettes (which comes w/ toast, home fries) - you won't eat for hrs!
The angel hair primervera or dried chicken is to die for
Nice atmosphere, so-so food. Should have known that palace with such a huge menu would only be okay. Good sangria, the rest was average.
Bomb mozzarella sticks
Pretty darn good breakfast burrito.
Breakfast burrito is very delicious  -- dip in salsa and very tasty :)
Try the banana walnut pancakes!
The sourdough sandwich and sangria are good.
my fav neighborhood spot! get any grilled meats it's super good!
The margarita omelette is very delicious..
Try the apple juice.  Freshly squeezed.
Try the wings!
Great above diner food. Brunch is phenomenal. Try their burgers with an egg. Most amazing Tropical shake.
Diner food with dim lights.
The meatloaf sandwich is amazing!
Inspirational quote and coffee included with breakfast. Heaven.
Always bring a hot date!
Get the strawberry and chocolate chip pancakes...
The burgers are amazing and you have to have the fries. They are amazinger...(if that was a word)
Try the Banana Health Shake.
The NYC Dept of Sanitation rating is hard to see from the outside. It's located at the top of the window inside the waiting area.
No refills on ICED TEA?! This place can blow me. I don't care how food the food is. And it isn't.
Delicious broth, great for a cold dazy...for more: http://nycnomnom.com/2012/12/28/zoob-zib/
We were very impressed by just how good our meal was. Very unexpected. Really liked the Crispy Rard Nah in sautéed gravy (even if there was nothing crispy about it).
Terrible Thai iced tea..
Spiciest Pad Kee Mao I have ever had!
Tip on Char Grilled Moo Yang: "One of my favorite dishes in the city now.  I have to eat it atleast a couple times a month!".
Tip on Char Grilled Moo Yang: "My favorite dish here.  Very authentic Thai dish.  Feel like I'm eating it in Bangkok.".
Tip on Roast Pork Over Rice   Boiled Egg: "Great new dish on the block!".
Sry not worth the money
The l6 duck soup is to die for
Happy hour 4-8pm 50% off all wine, sangria, most beers.
Amazing breakfast... superb coffee.. now all fuelled up for another gruelling day!
Amazing cheezy blinzters)) should try!
أحسن شئ موقعه و اطلاته ع السنترال بارك.. غير كذا البرانش فيه غالي ومستوي الأكل والخدمة أقل من المتوسط.. البامكن وافل لمحبين الوافل كويسه و الاومليت اطلب معاه البريد مع كورن .. غير كذا تمتع بالموقع
Serves delicious food at all times and, if you're chilly after skating, stop in for afternoon tea.
Lovely place and really good menu for the early breakfast
There was a bug in Kims popeye eggs. Told the manager and they apologized and comped the breakfast. Still, it was surprising at such a high end place.
Best place for breakfast\brunch !
Two words, MUFFIN BASKET
The restaurant is nice, calming decor with pastel coloring. Food is reasonably priced, mediocre food quality. Not very attentive service!
Get the table by the window for the best people watching in the city.
Excellent breakfast in classic New York setting. Eggs Benedict rock!
Do not go for dinner here unless you are over 70!
Lobster macaroni and cheese is deli!
Probably the best eggs and bacon around Manhattan!
It's famous for its brunch, so make sure to make a reservation if possible!
best place for breakfast!! pancakes and omelettes! miammm!! σαραμπέτη forever!
Love the eggs Benedict!!
Pure Ambrosia!! Best French Toast in the city!!
The cream of tomato soup really is that  good.
The four flowers mimosa is the best breakfast cocktail you'll ever taste!
Have the passion fruit tart for dessert - awesome!
Don't miss the tomato soup!
전 세계어디서나. 점심아줌마 부대 조심 ㅠ. 런치하러 이동네 사모님들 다 모이실 시간에 가면. 서빙도 늦고. 시끄러워요. 대략 1시넘어 2시전에 가심이 좋을 듯.
The Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict is a good choice.
Get the apple cinnamon French toast or the eggs Benedict. Service wasn't the best but the atmosphere is great.
Salmon eggs is amazing
اذا ما طلبت هلابينو اومليت و وافل معناتها ما عندك سالفة.
De frente para o parque. Vale esperar uma mesa na calçada.
Great place for brunch or lunch near the 5th avenue and the Central Park
Great omelettes, but if you are cholesterol conscious, best to share...they are enormous!
Amazing breakfast... superb coffee.. now all fuelled up for another gruelling day!
Amazing cheezy blinzters)) should try!
أحسن شئ موقعه و اطلاته ع السنترال بارك.. غير كذا البرانش فيه غالي ومستوي الأكل والخدمة أقل من المتوسط.. البامكن وافل لمحبين الوافل كويسه و الاومليت اطلب معاه البريد مع كورن .. غير كذا تمتع بالموقع
Serves delicious food at all times and, if you're chilly after skating, stop in for afternoon tea.
Lovely place and really good menu for the early breakfast
There was a bug in Kims popeye eggs. Told the manager and they apologized and comped the breakfast. Still, it was surprising at such a high end place.
Best place for breakfast\brunch !
Two words, MUFFIN BASKET
The restaurant is nice, calming decor with pastel coloring. Food is reasonably priced, mediocre food quality. Not very attentive service!
Get the table by the window for the best people watching in the city.
Excellent breakfast in classic New York setting. Eggs Benedict rock!
Do not go for dinner here unless you are over 70!
Lobster macaroni and cheese is deli!
Probably the best eggs and bacon around Manhattan!
It's famous for its brunch, so make sure to make a reservation if possible!
best place for breakfast!! pancakes and omelettes! miammm!! σαραμπέτη forever!
Love the eggs Benedict!!
Pure Ambrosia!! Best French Toast in the city!!
The cream of tomato soup really is that  good.
The four flowers mimosa is the best breakfast cocktail you'll ever taste!
Have the passion fruit tart for dessert - awesome!
Don't miss the tomato soup!
전 세계어디서나. 점심아줌마 부대 조심 ㅠ. 런치하러 이동네 사모님들 다 모이실 시간에 가면. 서빙도 늦고. 시끄러워요. 대략 1시넘어 2시전에 가심이 좋을 듯.
The Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict is a good choice.
Get the apple cinnamon French toast or the eggs Benedict. Service wasn't the best but the atmosphere is great.
Salmon eggs is amazing
اذا ما طلبت هلابينو اومليت و وافل معناتها ما عندك سالفة.
De frente para o parque. Vale esperar uma mesa na calçada.
Great place for brunch or lunch near the 5th avenue and the Central Park
Great omelettes, but if you are cholesterol conscious, best to share...they are enormous!
No happy hour on Fridays now.
New. Outfitted with a mahogany bar and black-vinyl banquette. Head to the year-round garden out back for a bite and a cocktail. Menu -> Smoked salt-and-pepper St. Louis ribs & Grilled chicken potpie
Get the Watermelon Margarita!
Pretty good inexpensive neighborhood Chinese food. I've been going there for many years. However, the new pit crew seems careless. I suggest inspecting your order before accepting it.
I like happy joy but they have been making changes to some dishes that should have stayed the way they were. The new style of dumplings are horrible.
great chocolates.
Is this the spot next to the rector street subway station?
Free chocolate with every coffee!
Don't go if Ellie is there. She will eat all your chocolate
Order by number.
Order the Mexican Wrap. It's not really Mexican but it's delicious!
Strawberry smoothies are ok
Now offering what has to be the best $1 slice in the city.
Not a fan of Artichoke’s heavy hand and long lines? If you’re in the East Village, there’s no better stop for a solid slice than the margherita slice ($3.50) at Vinnie Vincenz.
Get the Linguine Vongole
Best margarita pizza in the city.
The margarita pizza is good. The service at night and in the weekends is better.
I prefer their delivery. You're certain of getting a fresh pie.
Way better than Hot and Crusty
They have the absolute best cheesecake and carrot cake I've ever had in my life.  It was sooooo good.
Great vegan pizza!!! Wine selection is OK.
Better than Subway's!
They charge extra for banana peppers, olives and pickles? Wtf is that? And subway tastes better
Had a dead bug on my sandwich the other day
Cheese trio!
This cart is horrible.  The guy here doesn't listen to you.
123456789rtgrddhdrh
Steal Joels vinyl collection, and bite the dog.
Check Cafe Martin out on Foodspotting!
Try the Local Flounder with Roasted Indian-spiced Cauliflower and spot it on Foodspotting!
Beware of dog
Enjoy a delicious dinner!
All ginger everything
Cobb salad entree with carrot dressing... Simply amazing! And so big!
This place is awesome and cheap. Non-ceremonious presentation and damn good sesame chicken.
Blackened chicken sandwich w the lemon sauce is my favorite!
BYOB!! And great friendly waitress
Favorite place for brunch on the weekends. Love that they serve turkey bacon!
Really nasty brunch especially the home fries. They also use Oscar Meyer bacon. Gross
Get the carrot and ginger salad dressing. Really good!
Delicious, healthy and cheap!
Awesome lunch specials! 7 bucks!
Try the Thai Iced Coffee. It's already sweetened. Taste before you add sugar.
BYOB at the moment!
Benny is awesome. Order off menu!! Peppers in the antipasto are soo good and hot. Tell James wassup.
If you like pasta and fish you MUST try Linguine allo scoglio!
Always ask for Benny, he'll take great care of you. The Cappuccino is incredible, and all their pastas are homemade- a great find.
Intimate, garden-like setting for an elegant meal. Sophisticated Italian classics, expertly grilled steaks & chops. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Always ask for Benny. He will always take care of you.
Make friends with Benny. He will take good care of you. All the pasta is homemade.
Try the eggplant rollitini and the Zuchino for dessert. Real good.
Échale parmesano rallado, el bote debe andar por ahí.
Margarita is to die for. Grab a slice if you're passing by.
The standout is the Nonna Maria. It’s not overwhelmingly garlicky, like other grandma slices, but the basil, tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese come together beautifully.
Sicilian pizza and an original slice! The best!
Best pizza they'll accommodate a traditional italian pizza!
Nonna Maira, unbeatable
Above average pizza. Grandma's style compares well with Ben's.
Margherita slice is the best here. Maybe best in NY? Whattt
Mmm Nonamaria!
Hands down! Best thin crust pizza I've ever had
Sicilian all day.
Nonna Maria, Yumz!
Try the grandma pizza.. Best in NYC
best slice of cheese... this place is legit.
Love, bleecker they have gulten free pizza! good? Not, so much... Try the regular slices!
chicken slice is a slice of heaven
Not so impressed
Don't be silly. Get the margarita pizza.
May be my favorite crust ever.
Try the Nonna Maria slice!
Nonna Maria is amazing. The homemade marinara is amazing.
Oh Nonna, how I love thee... Have been coming here for over 10 years, hands down the best slice in town!
Prototypical NY pizza.  Thin crispy crust, fresh ingredients, and a great atmosphere.  Pick up a slice here and eat it at the nearby Washington Square Park.
doesn't matter what toppings are on my pizza--the crust sealed the deal for me!
mmm nonna maria slice
If youre wearing a suit, the guy calls you 'counselor.'
Its not all that. Slow, rude, crap atmosphere. Lombardis, Grimaldis and Lucali are all much better.
92.3 NOW Listeners voted it the BEST pizza in NYC!!!!
The Nonna Maria! Order it!
cocroaches crawling on the floor of this joint. disgusting
Best. Humus. Ever.
The hummus platter is amazing!  A great thing to order for sharing!  The health salad is incredibly delish - like the craving kind of thing.  Also, probably my favorite falafel in the city :)
Cheap <10$
Veggie meatballs are amazing. Best vegetarian dish I've ever had.
If I wasn't such a creature of habit I'd order a different hummus but hummus fava is my fav! Best mint lemonade /iced tea, too!
Awesome lunch special, and freshly made falafel that's really good!  Anything here is pretty good as long as you're ok with no meat in your meal.
Great presentation. Awesome location!
The lunch specials are a steal with enough hummus to take home and snack on.
Get the cartotcake
For all you hummus lovers out there, try making some homemade! It only take minutes! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5oo38y6rG8
May have finally found the best shakshuka in NYC...
Favorites here include the shakshuka and the hummus mushroom
Great healthy ethnic destination in the West Village. Their hummus can't be beat.
Great lunch special - Hummus entree and appetizer for $7.95
didn't realized it only vegetarian but the fewvtimes I've neem there the food and service was excellent.
Horrible service!
Try the Hummus and spot it on Foodspotting!
A great Middle Eastern place. I often come for brunch. Get the shaahuka with halumi. -Eric Wolitzky, Top Chef Just Desserts
Dinner for 2 $40 and includes a bottle of wine. Hell of a deal
Get the Shakshuka - and try any of the hummus. All are delicious and affordable.
If you haven't had the shakshouka here, you haven't lived. It's a dish better experienced than explained.
really great hummus but the service is terrible!
3 apps for $10, add a pita and make your own sandwhich, yum
Try the hummus
The hummus can't be beat.
Best hummus in town and you should try the 'Labneh' as a side its delicious !!
Best Brunch! price, food and super nice service.
Great place, frendly service amaizing chip food
Best pita and hummus I've ever had - quick and filling meal everytime
All they really do is different hummus dishes.  Everytime I go to NY I like to sit outside on a very small stool and eat my pita and hummus. -Susie Brunet, Launch My Line
Bagels and cream cheeses are really fresh! Also ppl who work there are amazingly kind ;] i def would go there more often.
Try the Toasted Sesame Bagel With Butter - & an iced coffee before heading out on the road to LI. Hope traffic is good.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sesame Bagel Toasted With Cream Cheese - An iced coffee to wash it down. Simple yes. Good, absolutely.  (via @Foodspotting)
If you like salmon salad on your bagel, $6 is a really good deal
Try the Sesame Bagel & Cream Cheese - Been in Texas - this w/ an iced coffee is just what I needed.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sesame Bagel & Cream Cheese - With an iced coffee - a great start to a lazy Saturday.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pumpernickel Bagel Toasted With Tomato & Cream Cheese - An iced coffee. Good way to start the day.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Everything Bagel With Cream Cheese - A hot loose green tea & an iced coffee. Good way to start the day.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Everything Bagel With Cream Cheese - Chewy & definitely In the top 5 bagels in NYC  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sesame Bagel & Cream Cheese - Top 3 bagel in the city full of them. Get a large iced coffee too - they know what large means.  (via @Foodspotting)
The University Pl store has better bagels. The one on York has a much bigger menu, but don't you just want a bagel joint????
Why does everyone rave about these bagels? -.-
Try the Sesame bagel with plain cream cheese - Top 3 bagel in NYC.  (via @Foodspotting)
Monday between 4 and 7pm, all bagels are $0.45.  Grab a few and some cream cheese, and have breakfast for the week for around $5!
No eggs here.
great bagels! wish the low fat cream cheeses weren't more expensive though
Garlic & herb cream cheese! mmmmm
45 cent bagel special on Mondays between 4 and 7 p.m! Find out more here: http://bit.ly/MnUaOi
Bagel Bob's in Yorkville is better...
On Monday's, bagels are 45¢
Try the bagels. Amazing!
Everything bagel, sun dried tomato cream cheese.
Toasted plain bagel with chicken salad and tomato
Vegetable cream cheese is really good but IMO, $7 for a bagel and juice is ridiculous.
Great Hot & Iced coffee - the bagels are great when they are still warm
They do a pretty decent job with their Sable. Very good garlic herb cream cheese.
Go for the sesame bagel (the little white seeds)
Mondays from 4pm to 7pm get 45 cent bagels!
Great bagels you never need toasted
fat kid behind the counter with glasses is an asshole.
Get Cold Noodle with Chicken, great taste & spicy!!!
Good stop in for quick good tasty food.
If you like Sichuan cuisine, this new noodle shop is a must-try. Their Dan Dan Noodles were insanely spicy (yet still delicious) and could only be cooled by a nice cucumber salad with scallion sauce.
Don't go here if you're in a hurry...
Sometimes they are on Greenwich Street in TriBeCa. Yum.
If they have sweet cream, get it!! SO refreshing.  Oreo topping.
Blody marys are intense. Horseradish, pepper and spice punch you in the mouth. Spicy tecate is the bomb.
Jan #brunchbelle 2013 post, i visited Ditch Plains in the west village.I was disappointed with delayed service but once he found me, very attentive.  On the #brunchbelle scale, Ditch Plains gets a 7.
French toast is fantastic. Made with Angel food cake
Amazing bloody Mary's
Get the Spicy Pork Meatballs. Delicious
The French toast looks like a tree trunk but its actually pretty fluffy inside. Order it, you won't regret it.
Nachos are the worst I've ever had. All cheese on top, nothing underneath and overpriced, but at least it took forever and cost $12. Don't think I'll be back.
$18 for 6 oysters seems like a bad deal. Mostly because it doesn't come with a blow job.
Get the frickles. They're full on.
Great neighborhood spot, never  disappointed. Service can be spotty and they need to add their grilled cheese onto the dinner menu. So good.
Try the Big Marc
Try the lobster pot (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Deviled Eggs With Fried Oysters (via @Foodspotting)
Get the jalapeño tater tots. For serious.
Skip the lobster roll
Best Bloody Mary I've had yet and I've had my fair share.
Do you love Mac ‘n Cheese?  Do you love Hot Dogs?  Then you simply must order a Ditch Dog (a hot dog smothered with delicious mac ‘n cheese).
Best bloody marys in town!
Sunday and Monday evenings: Lobstah bake!
Lobster bake is incredible. Get it if available.
This place is miserable. Do yourself a favor and never come here.
Try the lobster roll, a perfect balance of succulent Maine lobster, house-made garlic aioli, Old Bay seasoning, celery, green onion and tarragon. A delicious contender in our 2012 Lobster Roll Rumble:
Get the crab dip and lobster mashed potatoes now, thank me later.
Yummy oysters from VA. But the seafood cobb salad is for people who don't like to eat salad.
The Spicy Tecate is one of my favorite drinks in NYC, great for brunch. "How spicy is it?" you ask? It's pretty spicy, but not overbearing.
Shrimp and grits w/andouille sausage is my holy trinity...
Solid staple neighborhood place. Diverse menu. The salads are pretty solid if you want to be healthy.
Try the Sloppy Ditch - Man lunch (via @Foodspotting)
Ditch Plains injects a little Midwest-style inventiveness into the heart of the West Village. May we present, the mac-and-cheese-covered heart attack hot dog. It kind of had to happen, didn’t it?
Definitely get the Ditch Dogs!
This place has a great menu and an amazing bread basket. Perfect for a cozy afternoon.
Perfect blend of American and French flavors.
The chicken burger is great!
Try the bloody Mary, it tastes like cocktail sauce.
Best fried chicken. Anywhere. Ever.
Come for a late group dinner downstairs. Bathe in Intoxicating fresh-baked break smell. On some nights, they'll hand you a loaf on your way out.
The shrimp and chorizo (baked in garlic and parsley) is SOLID!!!
Fried chicken! Chorizo and shrimp hash, French toast
Bake 7.2: This is another good bakery in the West Village. Blue Ribbon also has a couple of restaurants of the same name serving French bistro food.
Yes, I've ordered the profiteroles for breakfast here once, but most of the time, it's the Blue Benedict.
Cup of coffee + Tomato soup = Sunday morning hangover cure. Save room for the chocolate chip banana bread pudding
Best chocolate bread pudding of my life
This delicious restaurant boasts a mix of American and French cuisine, including a cheese menu. Brunch is our favorite time to go, but this is also a great late-night dinner place.
Best fried chicken in the city.  Get it now!!!
turkey burger... duhh @roshy
Small and quaint. This eatery is nice for a couple's brunch.
Blue Ribbon Bakery bakes all of its breads in house in a 140+-year-old oven using ancient artisan techniques.
Don't leave without getting the chocolate chip bread pudding
The private dining room is great for intimate holiday gatherings and can accommodate parties of 8-12. Call (212) 337-0404 for more information!
Try the John Daly. It's like an alcoholic Arnold Palmer!
Everything is perfect here: wine, food, atmosphere.
best eggs benedict ever!
Best bread pudding ever!
Fantastic fried chicken - go downstairs and get a whiff of the actual bakery also.
My two favorites are the BLT & chicken salad sandwiches. Tasty!!
all that is good is fat.. bone marrow w/ bacon bread, BR's famous fried chicken w/ honey, chocolate bruno.. all together now, E X P A N D your waistline.
Bread Chocolate Pudding !! pay with VISA !!
Try the Blue Benedict (via @Foodspotting)
Eat the fried chicken for breakfast.
Great brunch and great bread!
Try the poached eggs with spinach, mushrooms, and bacon at brunch!
Why did they change this place around? Its not the same.
Get the matzah during Passover. So good!
Pullman Loaf
Unique items from Blue Ribbon include our own Mexican Honey, Naked Nuggets, Simple Sliders and more!
Call ahead to learn about our daily soup and toast specials!
Cookie= wow
Agree with the comment on challah french toast, yum!
Try a savory matzoh cracker with garlic, rosemary and parmesan cheese.
Feel like you’ve just stepped into a country home. Order the French baguette - soft and warm inside and crusty on the outside with raw Mexican honey and butter.
Challah French Toast & Home Fries are a must!!!
The smoked red trout toast is amazing. So is the iced coffee.
you pass the kitchen on the way to the bathroom & the smell of the fresh baked bread is unreal...
Get the cotto di parma and cave aged gruyere toast on whole wheat...sooo good!
i love chef mehta, everything he touches turns into gold!
I come here every year to treat myself to a meal that literally takes the words from lips, because the food deserves WAY more attention!
Rated as the best restaurant in New York City, Graffiti gives Chef Jehangir Mehta plenty of chances to use what he learned at the CIA every day.
The size of my hallway, but so darn good. They are also able to make any of their dishes vegetarian friendly. Make a ressy as space is incredibly limited.
Make a reservation. This place is small but wonderful.
Prefect blend of thyme and tumeric. Super tiny (consider making reservations unless just passing by!) but delicious.
All botles of wine are $25.  All of the dishes are amazing with a bit of interesting twist on them.  It's a very small place though, so wear layers, it can get pretty warm in there
Go with a group, order everything on the menu and share it all. You can't go wrong here, it's all delicious.
One of my favorite date spots. Best tapas, great wine deal, friendly service.
James Traub's favorite are the pork buns. The pork is braised for four to five hours, in star anise and cinnamon. It sits in bao, a Chinese bread, with apricot chutney in the middle.
Our concierge Meghan at The Thompson LES says that the pork buns with apricot chutney are especially delicious here.
Space is narrow, funky decor. Good food. Only problem is you come out smelling like deep fried oil. Ventilation bad
Love the space & the watermelon feta salad...and the warm truffle almond
Communal tables are your ONLY option. But the food is unique -- mung beans? chickpea flour crisps? -- and well worth it. Scallops and portobello duck confit are particularly good.
Pork buns and lychee martini... What-what?!?!
Chef works magic w texture; try the dumplings w crunchy grapefruit confit. Truffled strawberries also one of my fav desserts in the city.
Take their word on suggestions... It'll be the best meal you have in NYC.
Loved both the duck and mango paneer! Hell, everything is good. Very small place but great decor.
Strawberry wit truffle oil!!!
This place is exceptional. The food is incredible as the unique experience. Chef Mehta does miracles in the signature tiny kitchen!
Listen to the waiters' descriptions of your dishes, because it really heightens the experience. Everything I've had is exceptional, but the pork buns deserve a special mention. Unparalleled! #k
good food! Its really small restaurant.
Next time I'm not sharing
The scallops and strawberry dessert are both a can not miss. Trust me, you won't regret either.
The mini burgers here are amazing
Steamed chocolate buns are an amazingly sweet take on the usual savory bun.
The food is amazing! The space is tiny, but that's part of the charm. Try the hummus/zucchini pizza and the scallops. Yum!!
This amazing little restaurant is amazing! Try the pork buns, the scallops & the chickpea crusted skate.
Great family staff. Amazing pork buns. Don't forget to order the pepper ice cream and truffled strawberries. One of my fav places. And don't leave wo checking out the tiny kitchen.
Ask for the vegetarian dumplings (they are not listed on the menu) and pair them with green mango paneer and Grenache wine.
The flamenco was great. Come on Thursdays. Pretty decent potion size / price for tapas .
Good food, great service! Jenny is an amazing waitress!!!
Petotillas queso de cambra basically goat cheese in a croquette wrapped with serrano ham and placed on toast. The skirt streak was good too! I did not enjoy the octopus. Blueberry pomegranate sangria
Love the croquettes de jambon and the petotillas de queso de cabra.  Also try all the sangrias!
get the mango sangria. it's the city's best.
Great vibe, amazing music if you like Spanish pop/rock. I loved the red sangría, my friends had the white (I wasn't a big fan). Overall a great experience. Loved our server Jenny, too!
If you want good tapas, go somewhere else.
Cheese filled with peppers on toast. Delicious
Blueberry Pomegranate Champagne Sangria is yummy!  And pitchers are just 20 bucks Monday-Wednesday!!  You're welcome :)
Thursday night is flamenco night!
Noisy, tables are so wide it's hard to talk to your friends. Food was good but nothing exceptionally amazing. Staff was friendly but owner has a micromanagement issue so he's the only to take orders?!
Great food. Live Flamenco dancers and music. Pomegranate Champaign Sangria.
Great food. Great wine. Great service. Great flamenco. Fantastic place!!!
Make sure to try "Nasty Nate's Misterio Malbec"
Croquestas are off the chain!
The mayor is kind of a dick
Go to Common Ground nearby for great drink specials on Friday night for nai customers!
Mussels are a must try! If you go on Thursday or Saturday, there are flamenco dancers as well
Good tapas place. Had the gambas en salsa verde sauce is good with bread too. Waiter suggested calamari cooked in its own ink maybe not for everyone but it was different. Patatas alioli was good too!
Great atmosphere with good sangria. Party of 8 got in within 20 minutes on a Friday night.
The food is delicious and the service is really good. Try the mango sangria!
The food is excellent, the flamenco dancing on Saturday evenings is great.
The food is great (get the crepes filled with crabmeat), but the Flamenco shows they do are what really make this place a no-brainer.
Wonderful service! Great food! Would def come back!
yummy sangria and real tapas!
This place is fantastic! David is great...get the octopus.
get the pomegranate sangria and your life will be complete!
I LOVE this place. Food is fantastic. Drinks are good. Dancers are INCREDIBLE!! Awesome place. Can't wait to come back here!
They focus on traditional Spanish plates updated w/ a modern flair. Try their six varieties of sangria, and stop by on Thursday nights for live flamenco dancing.
Come for the flamenco show, it's amazing!
BEST DRINK! Green tea Frapp!
Bread here is cheaper and fresher than grocery store bread :)
Tuna corn bun! Yum-o
They have decent mochi doughnuts! I also recommend any of their red bean pastries.
Sandwiches are 30 percent off in the late afternoon. Good deal!
Try the Onigiri - 3 perfectly folded #Onigiri from #zaiya (via @Foodspotting)
Cinamon rolls!
Get a seaweed wrapped rice ball
cheap sandwiches but they're heavy on the mayo.
Get the seaweed tuna roll for a dense, cheap snack!
when you feel like having japanese sandwiches - blt is my favorite :]
Cookie doe bun,donut,chicken sandwitch. Eating BLT now and about to try the peanut cream! Miss the cold pizza's! Can't find one complaint yet!
I <3 Onigiris.
Now closed on Sundays! Bummer...
Ham roll is heavenly
Not good at all: the iced mocha lattes.
The green tea frappe is awesome especially if aoi makes it
Best staff at a cafe/bakery ever!
Pork bun a litte too much veggie. Taste ok
Delicious, cheap eats with a very nice staff! Their Pumpkin Chai latte is to die for!
Steamed red bean bun. Yum
Tuna melt. Yum
Go all the way to the back left for an excellent selection of onigiri!
Food is fifty percent off after 7:00 pm! And they have a black sesame frappe - nom nom
lightest lunch ever (useful when you're trying to keep from getting fat). 4.99 gets you lunch meal and drink. see you there tomorrow
onigiri and pastries yay, styrofoam cups and discontinuation of bubble teas, boo.
I'm too old for this
Loud, a chaotic mess, and ah-MAH-zing. certainly coming back again. after 9 the place becomes a jungle, so heads up
OK food but horribly rude waitresses who did not deserve the 18% tip required for large groups. They refused to refill our sake, even though it hadn't been 2 hours since we were seated. Not returning.
All you can eat of mediocre sushi. All you can drink of mediocre beer and saki. Meh.
They try and trick you with more rice. That means you need to bring ziplock bags.
Common cheers: sake sake sake bomb!; yin yin yin Lin!; sake sake sake surprise!
Good food and quick service. Rude waitresses.
If you're celebrating a birthday -- get a big group together & go here for all you can eat sushi, all you can drink sake. Great rolls. You'll stumble out in 2hrs. $33 + tax + tip for this is a steal!
If you're in the mood for fairly decent AYCE sushi, sake, sapporo for a good price, and good service, then this place is definitely worth your patronage.
Best "C" rated sushi place EVER!
Joe G. supports both cancer and feline AIDs
All you can eat and drink for $30.  I found out what saki bombs are here!  I was wearing a few home with me!
Don't ask for special sauce
Don't waste ur time coming to this place. 45 minute wait for food when theres plenty of people at work and gave a couple of people stomach aches. Salmon is warm.  No A/C!
The sushi is always 1/2 price and the saki bombs flow like water. What more could you ask for?
All you can eat sushi, beer & sake for under $35! Young, hip area to walk around after your sushi adventure.
for those who like unlimited anything. unlimited sushi + sake + beer.
The sushi is frickin nice. and sake bombs!
All you can eat (really good!) sushi + unlimited pitchers of beer and sake for $30.  Sake bombs for everyone!
Best sushi
Go here for the best sushi/sake deal in NY. For $30 a person, fill up on tasty, unlimited sushi and sake for 2 hours. Great for groups.
Not a bad all you can eat/drink sushi joint. You get two hours to eat. They manage to cater to huge parties. Just try one of everything on the menu.
If u can handle loud bunch of b&t or 30 yr old frat boys doing lots of sake bombs. By all means come
all you can eat sushi and all you can drink...can't go wrong for $30!
Very much a "pre-party" place. Don't bother going on a weekend night if you don't want to drink or listen to sake bombs.
Best place to pre-party!  All you can eat sushi (good veggie sushi too) and all you can drink (SAKE BOMBS!)
All you can drink, all you can eat sake bombs and sushi for $30. They may mess up your order, but the sushi isn't bad. Very college-y atmosphere but fun for a night out.
He took my veggie burger out of the freezer and microwaved it. I could've done that myself.
Eat their fucking pizza. Fucking good !
do not get the fried wontons. it's like eating rocks... but worse.
I'm sure you are not going to waste your money here. Nice food
The food is great, plentiful and the price is very attractive, cash only!
Must try their hot-and-sour soup! Mouth-watering goodness.
Very polite, good food, reasonable prices all hours of the day.
Have been coming here for over 30 years, best dumplings i've had and the sauce is amazing, awesome dishes, great prices and open all night.
Order any Chinese dish u can imagine and they prepare it for u!
Baratillo y de calidad aceptable. Volvería.
Hella drunks eat the rjsiodjdgaat with the dlodsopsvv sauce and a side of ajsjhsvvveei
Best Chinese spot in nyc
Best Chinese food in nyc
Order the salt and pepper fried chicken! LEGENDARY!
Bon Bon what? You got to try the salt and pepper fried chicken here! LEGENDARY!!!
Roast Pork Chown Fon + Siracha = Best drunk food ever!!!!!!
Order food when the mayor is here and he might be drunk enough to pay for part of your order.
69 is the best place to Eat Out in Chinatown.
Try the roast pork and fried dumplings
The salt and pepper wings are really good. Its not really spicy unless u eat the pepper.
The beef chow fun, is good.
Bring a sweater b/c it's arctic up in this joint!
Disappointed...never coming back again...   :(
This is the best Chinese food in New York, and it's open 24-7.
I tried the shrimp lo mein & it hit the spot.
Get the salt and pepper wings off the chinese menu. Yum!!!
The Duck Lo-Mein  is off the hook
The donuts are tasty!
After reading all the tips about the oxtail, what a disappointment. My grandma puts theirs to shame.
After reading all the tips about the oxtail, what a disappointment. My grandma puts theirs to shame.
Ox tail rice or noodle soup is scrumptious
amazing food. a family favorite for as long as I can remember!
panang noodle son
I think the flavor in my black pearl chicken sw went on vacation. Or perhaps I need to call the super delicious ingredient force out to fight dr bland's bland bombs. Lame
Black pearl baguette FTW
Pad Thai was bland and a touch expensive. Better can be found
the chicken with red basil sauce is yummy and decently priced.  wash it down with the lychee lemonade drink!
Chicken sand. Was great but that black pearl sauce is too spicy for me... NYEE employees get a 10% discount btwn 3-6pm fyi
I tried the basil chicken sandwich. It was ok. I also found a curly black hair in my food, which was served on a to-go container lid because they ran out of plates. At dinner time. Mediocre at best.
Their Lychee lemonade is so goddamn refreshing on a hot day.
Delish. Cheap. I like the chicken sammy with red basil sauce. Can't go wrong!
got the chicken sandwhich. really good.
the chicken sandwich beats all other sandwiches in a fist fight.
Watch out - they won't mix flavors!
The maple custard was incredible
Chicken for two is fantastic...get it!
Scallops are the best here - there's not a bad dish!
two great dishes: the softest, most decadent french toast at breakfast and the tenderest tripe!
come for breakfast and get the french toast!
Um autêntico restaurante italiano, recomendado por muitos usuários. Os pratos são muito bons. Vale a pena conferir ;)
An absolute crime to leave here without getting the sheeps milk ricotta
Chef Andrew Carmellini started his education with the CIA. Today, he’s a nationally acclaimed chef. You can forge the culinary path of tomorrow. Take the first step at the CIA.
Any of the crostini esp blue crab ... All pastas. Vincent the bartender.
Must try the ricotta cheese crostini- amazing dish and flavors
I would highly recommend the duck and a Bulldog Gin Martini with cucumber!
Fast Food Coupons - Free Printable Fast Food Coupons at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
My favorite restaurant in the city.. Never fails to amaze me. In the end.. It's all about grandmothers ravioli and of course- the chicken for two.
Big pastas, extensive and reasonably priced wine list, and cake trays loaded by an expert dessert chef. Red sauce for the proletariat, some light adventure in specials for the regulars.
Try the Sheep’s Ricotta Gnudi with Brown Butter and Sage (via @Foodspotting)
Secret Menu Item: Vermont guinea hen.
90s Hip Hop. Best food.
Get the sundae for two. It's chocolatey and delicious.
Ricotta and garlic chicken.
When in season, get the fave bean crostini. Garlic chicken is TDF.
Sheep’s Milk Ricotta,  Steak Tartara Piedmontese, Tripe alla Parmigiana. Worth a mention the Gigantone with Sunday night ragu and Fonduta Agnolotti with figs and Roasted Sea Scallops
This trendy restaurant has a great rustic vibe, and the food is great quality as well.
There is usually a shorter list to sit at the bar.  Sit there and order the Ricotta ASAP!
Lunch seems to be the easiest time to get the great outside tables. Be warned the paparazzi are at the ready so wear shades for when the flash bulbs start to pop.
Great spot for a breakfast weekday meeting & I recommend the Eggs Moderne. Heads up: strong coffee, go for decaf if you don't want to be über wired.
The ricotta is the best in the city. Served w truffle oil during the day and olive oil at night. Def get!
Grub Street off-menu dish: Wood-Fired Guinea Hen. "Every Tuesday, the kitchen gets a dozen guinea hens from Vermont, a number so small that they don't let the general public know about it."
Best coffee in the neighborhood for $2 flat
Ultimate lunch: Glass of gamay, tomato & watermelon salad, porchetta sandwich.
The ricotta with truffle honey is a brunch must.
Great sushi and very reasonable
Volcano roll is awesome.  Best sushi in the area.
Tekka Tuna Lover platter. YUMM!
Great sushi. And wonderful service.
Great prices...nice atmosphere....great date place
The bento box here is huge & a great deal for $7
Cheap sushi and romantic lighting
Lunch special includes 16 pieces of sushi and soup or salad for $7.95!!
Delicious and affordable. I'm lovin the bento box!!!
$2 per roll minimun..literally just one roll..do the math..yikes
The small teriyaki chicken rice bowl is only $4.99.  Great deal!
Must try the dragon roll, so good.
Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious. A gem!
Get the whole fish, and if you don't eat the eyeballs, consider yourself an amateur :)
Laksa lamak is delicious but then again everything I eat here is.
Best singapore noodles (bee hoon) in NYC.
Laksa is quite authentic
Try the Mee Goreng - incredible flavor..! (via @Foodspotting)
Don't worry about what to order; whatever you get is guaranteed to be amazing!!
Great area of the city with pretty reasonable asian food. Cash only.
Slow service and impolite server. Waited for 10 minutes and no one checked on us
The tumeric tea is refreshing!
The pork spare ribs are delicious! Falls right off the bone!
my favorite asian restaurant maksa lemak
Come inside to enjoy some of the best inexpensive Pan-Asian cuisine in New York City. The Green Curry Shrimp w/ vegetables ($9) is a must.
Bo Loc Lac
Try the prosecco with rambutans (a lychee-like fruit)
The beef and pumpkin curry is great
This little gem has the best noodles ever.
Three words Bo Luc Lac!
Best spinach salad  and Tuscan roasted chicken.
Nothing like Gene's! Have a martini!
Franco mixes a mean martini and the entire staff is so hospitable!
Literally a step back in time. Very few places like this left in the village.  Get a Martini and watch the geriatrics.
The best broiled salmon ever. Have it without sauce. Great martinis, too. Classic Village.
Always good Village people watching
have one of the best Perfect Manhattans without any fuzz or weirdness - just good!
Eat at the bar, drink a Martini, order the specials, and return to the 60's
Best breakfast sandwiches in the city! Grab a stool and enjoy the Greek banter.
If you want a traditional sit at the counter, white paper hat, hot cup o joe diner. This is the place, staff fits NYC stereotype to a T. And when brunch is $14.50 total for 2... It makes it the best.
If your in LES, you have to stop in this relic if only to cool down w/ an ice coffee.
Traditional NYC diner and friendly Greek staff. Get the toasted blue berry muffin with butter.
The prices went up a lot, woah
awesome food and coffee
Be transported to New York City of the 1970s with metal barstools, an overhead menu and milkshakes in tall, chilled glasses. We recommend the Cheeseburger.
Surprisingly takes credit cards.
25 years in the neighborhood, this place is an institution, and it's a travesty that the new building owners are trying to drive them out... support the best coffee in the 'hood!
Fast friendly and delicious
Love the doughnuts and the grilled cheese.
An all-time classic
Their Bacon cheddar cheesburgers are worth the calorie overkill!!
The Patrami is stellar. Righ on par with Katz's for half the price, plus no giant line!
kinda like stepping back in time without the ironic kitch.
I have had coffee every day here for the last 17 years and it's by far the best coffee in town. If you're down in Chinatown, it's worth your time to come over for breakfast.
Digging the Santa Fe wrap. Gotta ask for pickles on the side though.
Bacon, egg and cheese on a toasted english. Propina!
grab a burger they are cheap and big.
Thank god for 7 layer burritos with potatoes and for the food network for giving me this wonderful food idea.
Raspberry Ice Tea
Great staff, but indigestion follows if you don't go mild!
One of my fave Chipotles! The tortilla for my burrito is always soft and they always put just enough filling in. Employees are competent and warm.
Free butt massage when the subway pulls into the station directly below!
Pulled pork, brown rice, black beans is the best mix!
Hella expensive. It's good food, and the burritos/bowls/tacos/etc are worth about $5 each. You'll end up paying $9, the extra $4 is the New York ambiance.
Friendly staff
Whatever you do, don't have any rice. It's the completely wrong kind of rice. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Order via app or online to beat the long lunch lines and go straight to the register to pick up your order.
This is a great chipotle. Their ingredients are spot on! Not too spicy, not too dull.
Great location! Plenty of seating and quick service!
"chipotle" Tabasco sauce is amazing!
burrito now.
Slowest chipotle ever!!!!
Guacamole is worth it.
Burrito bowl + chips = nachos
If you get the veggie burrito/burrito bowl, you can get guac on it for free! (Worth it)
Rice, black beans, chicken, tomatoes, corn, sour cream, cheese, guacamole = yum!
the worst/best obsession
They aren't in the menu but will make quesadillas if you ask
Best Guacamole!
Try adding one of the Tabasco sauces, smoked is my fav
Now serving Chorizo!!
Try the new Chorizo. It has a welcomed texture and spice.
To keep your meal healthy try ordering what restaurants have labeled “burrito bowl” or “naked burrito,” which means no tortilla. Also, specify no cheese, no sour cream, and get guacamole on the side.
Keep your eyes peeled for Matty G.
The $6 margaritas will tear u apart I tell u! X-D!!...
Chinese AND Mexican, you can't go wrong :-)
Always ask for extra salsa on the side and extra rice. You can also get a fajita burrito and add extra beans to it :-) no extra cost to you!
Try the chipotle
Try the chipotle Tabasco sauce
Bypass the eggs and go straight for the pancakes- perfection on a plate!
Don't expect much in the way of service. Food is average
I highly recommend the florentina insalte
great atmosphere but the mist can be overwhelming stay away from widows
Olio is now open 24 hours a day! I'm in heaven :)
Everything on menu is delicious and the service is spectacular.
Adorable restaurant, with great pizza. They open the doors when it's nice out - make sure you get a table outside or by the windows!
Bring Alex
Sorentina: simple n deli
Bellinis... Delicious
So delicious !!!
Doice is an awesome bartender he makes yummy drinks and the pizza is sooooo good!!!
Gluten free pizza.
One of the top 5 best Italian pizza in town, if it's your first time here you should start with a Margherita Extra (with mozzarella di bufala) + Peroni or Moretti beer. Haters never had a real pizza.
Join GVCCC at www.villagechelaea.com
Don't even try using the offer, says you need a code?? Even though special says unlocked. Food not the greatest but nice views
I'm gonna give this a try, but this place has a B rating...
The pizzas are awesome not sure about the regular food.
Pizza is great . Chocolat cake is good. Café is excellent!!!
Despite some mediocre reviews, I always enjoy myself and my food when I eat here. There is something heavenly about the crust that makes everything in the world okay.
Dont listen to Ryan graves
Sit outside and enjoy the west village foot traffic.
Margherita pizza is good but I prefer keste down the street (bleecker btwn 7th n 6th), which tastes the same but has softer cheese.
Capricciosa was really very good.
Margherita, Chianti, and wifi at the bar. Excellent.
Olio Pizza e Piú has your requisite Margheritas and diavolos, but it’s also serving up unique pies like the Vesuvio: a slice stuffed with smoked mozzarella, pumpkin cream and imported speck.
Wouldn't order anything except the Margherita pizza. Had the risotto and gf had the chicken scallopine — both lousy.
Any pizzaiolo will enjoy Olio's Neapolitan pizza. The brick oven margherita pizza is delicious!
Terrible pasta and bolognaise sauce. Tasted like crap. Never going again.
Pizza marinara!
for your every Cuban Grilled Corn need
Prime Rib Sandwich is so good because we use 100% Black Angus Beef from Donley Ranch in Kansas, Taggiascan Extra Virgin Olive Oil from Roi, our Housemade Porcini Rub and nothing else.
Great Roberta's taste without the three hour wait!
Fresh ingredients are worth the price, why have I never had my pizza with a drizzle of honey before?
Get the Bee Sting pizza but have them go easy on the honey. It's a perfect balance of spicy and sweet!
Pizza is great. Portions are small.
Bee Sting pizza
Bee sting minus the meat for all you veggies out there. Pretty darn delicious
Try succulent Red Wattle pork chop, brined and pan roasted to a gorgeous medium-rare, with pink flesh beneath a crust that’s marbled and succulent. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011
The bee sting. A little honey for the honey?
Get the Bee sting
Speckenwolf pizza!
fritters are off-the-chain!!!
Try a dessert or live with regret.
Tofu scramble is delish, with black beans, roasted tomato, sweet potato hash brown and garlic toast
The dumplings are amazeballz!
The seaweed caviar appetizer = beyond delicious!
The seitan mushroom sliders are amazing!
Thai-Basil Lemonade!
The BBQ Cheese Burger during lunch is amazinggggg
The black-eyed pea... Umm. I forget what they're called, but 4 round delights with a vegan mayo app! Also the tofu salad and risotto... Serious bizz!!
You've got to try their seaweed caviar canapé, yep vegan caviar, for an upscale palate :-)
The sliders board was amazing. A must. Sooo good. The Creme Brûlée was also delish. Our server Avalon was great. Loved the place and will be back. I'm thrilled this exists in the west village!
Extremely tasty vegan fare and fantastic service. Try the chickpea fritters, Caesar salad, and sangria--delish!!
Today is opening day for this bi-level vegan bistro in the West Village.
Hands down my favorite bar in Dumbo! :) Great food and even better happy hour!
Great selection of regional beers on tap
Great food love the rebar build a burger and wonderful bartenders
Thursdays with Gabe and Keith are a must. Mixologist Maestros.
great food. great music. good times!
The pulled pork and Mac might change the way you look at food. Delish!
Microwaved food? Pretty awful. Avoid if you're actually hungry.
Great cheesesteak!
Their Organic Beets sandwich comes in a hot dog bun and it's weird. I'd recommend something, anything else.
Cheese fries!!!
Crystin the event coordinator will rock your socks off.
$3 microbrew drafts?! Sold!
Cobb salad or spring turkey for a bomb lunch
Mac and cheese with bacon. No exaggeration but I moved to BK just for this!
Order the cheesesteak
Try the Bbq Flavored Popcorn - Surprisingly good! (via @Foodspotting)
Their burger is seriously one of my favorites in Brooklyn
Mac n cheese is excellent, service mediocre, overall nice spot if you have patience
One of the prettiest and chill bars in Dumbo
Split Pea Soup. Try it. So good it's confusing.
This place is friggin great!
Sweet potato salad is a no go. Mushtastic.
Ribs are huge, burnt and therefore not the best. Like this place do little disappointed.
Amazing lunch special deal.
Don't miss the sweet potato - parsnip cakes. Will satisfy any savory craving
Great atmosphere..and food
If your workplace is a laptop, consider this location your new boffice (bar+office=boffice.) Come for the boffice, try a beer you've never heard of & munch on their critically-lauded mac-'n'-cheese.
Holy snap get the pork meatball. Flavor and shape of a meatball, texture and consistency of sausage. Delicious.
4$ breakfast is really nice, fruit, coffee and a sandwich!
Welcome to Dumbo. You've chosen your establishment wisely. But be forlorn, if it's not 2016 yet there is not an abundance of late night options around you. Best bite the bullet and stick it out here.
Avoid the sweet pea soup. Thick as mashed potatoes. Ick.
Get the carnitas tacos!!
Great weekend brunch. Great Irving Farms Coffee and fresh OJ.  Eggs Florentine and crispy bacon perfectly done.
Highly recommend the short ribs and sliders
Fabulous food. The paperdelle is incredible.
The Original Chocolate Cake is the best chocolate dessert in DUMBO. Both light and incredibly chocolatey at the same time.
Yummy stuff
counterculture coffee!
Has anyone tried the tilapia?  I'm hesitant.
falafel over rice with white sauce and tons of extra olives. it's amazing!
Whatever you get, request their hot sauces! I prefer the red, but their white one is also good.  Plus how often do you see white hot sauce?
for some reason, i always get the chicken and gyro combo platter. it's like breakfast, lunch and snacktime all in one and you cannot resist
Ask for extra napkins. Some are for your fingers and some are to wipe your forehead, especially if you get the hot sauce.
Makan dulu & berharap badge dari spot ini
Chicken and rice for $5. Essential workweek lunch.
everything on it please including black beans.
Hot Sauce and White Sauce.
The best cart halal food in the area. Reasonable prices.
Expect to wait a very long time. Way too long.
Go for the Bánh mì, with tofu, extra spicy. Don't make a mess; their mayo is drippy.
Service is a little slow. Try going at an odd time.
The banh mi is super tasty and cheap!
cash only! fresh lemonade.
Small but amazing! Try it
Lol@trish
Don't do it.
Great DJ starting at 12.30pm on Sunday's for Sunday brunch
And for Lunch the Hamachi Crudo is refreshing, spicy and light. Super clean
If you are here for breakfast or brunch the oatmeal is awesome
Pure Wow recos Tuna Crudo, Burrata pizza
Dine under a NYC sky without Mosquitos, rain, snow, humidity or street smells, year-round, in one of the few atrium restaurants in Manhattan.
The octopus was amazeballs. We ordered 3 plates it was so good.
Get the Tartufo desert! Brownie and gelato...
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot com
Follow BigClydeHD on twitter to know about this L.E.$
Chuletas & tostones
Sal always fucks up ya order... & Juan always fucks up ya change... BUT THE FOOD STILL BE ON POINT! Jus check ya shit b4 u pay & leave the store!
Follow BigClydeHD on twitter to know about this L.E.$
4.75 for a combination not bad, though its $4.25 if you take it to "go." Foods okay too. Try the tomou its the spinach like substance and try the dumplingsand meatloaf looking stuff, they're delicious
just loved the vegetarian burger.
The french fry sauces are good. liked the honey chipotle. little pricey
Ordered the Tonno sandwich, latte and a side of farro. No recommendation, still waiting.
All you have to do is take off your shoes . Pick a drink . And eat. Amazing food.
Unparalleled experience, you feel you are in India! Please fast for at least 6 hours before visting this place, else you won't be able do a justice to the amount of food they serve.
Try everything, even a tiny bite to get a good flavor of gujurati food
Great price fixe! Avoid the salty lassi
all you can eat
Amazing authentic Indian décor! You must try their lamb (in any dish it’s served in!), it seriously melts in your mouth!
Its a pre fix menu n its alot of food for 29.95. No meat but u won't even miss it. Must try it
Call and reserve before heading up. Prix fixe menu only
It's a fixed menu no matter what, but the food is so freaking good. It's well worth the stop if you're either 1) in the mood for Indian 2) are hungry or 3) both 1 and 2. It's really great, trust me.
Try the Prix Fixe menu.
Good spot for a weekday drink when it's quieter.
Hot cider with whiskey? Yes please.
If you're a vegan, just drink.
Awesome place. Will definitely return. Great drinks, food, service. 5 stars.
Spicy Margarita is the name of the game!
Prepster heaven.
Pimms Cup is REAL refreshing on these 90+degree days
Preppppies
The breakfast cocktail during brunch and the whiskey tea later in the day are my faves.
Lots of Blackberry users. You've been warned.
Douchey door guy on the weekends
Kevin works the front door. Introduce yourself, he is cool. #saltoftheearth
Drink too many brambles!
Cute bar, great cocktails, really nice bartenders! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't trust any tips from Michael Berner
Old creepy guys!
bourbon cider
$5 brunch cocktails. Ommegang Witte cocktail is delicious.
Really good brunch and cocktails.
EaterNY placed this on the list of restaurants where you can find beautiful people. It's true. Not sure the beautiful people are eating here...or anywhere.
Whisky tea for me and you?
Surprisingly good food (sliders and scotch eggs both bitchin')
Very winter-friendly spot, try to arrive on the early side of 10pm or you'll be subjected to an unjustified line.
Grilled cheese is ahhhmazing. Great laye afternoon spot. Leave before 10pm when the douchebags pile in
What's not to love about this place.
Post up near the bar with a Guinness, you won't be disappointed.
Every night is popular, nearly every drink is worth the crowd.
Tasty post-work Irish snacks.
Bramble cocktail was tasty, but don't order it if you're on a date. The seeds from the blackberries are not your friend. Their version of Pimms Cup is a nice, summery drink too.
Say hello to Simon sitting at the end of the bar drinking Guinness.
Expectations are set high at this price point. Lobster taco was tough and rubbery, short rib pastrami taco was dry. Sweetbread taco, fried yucca, margaritas a highlight. Bad value. Would not return.
losta luck i can't find a seat!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get the shrimp Queso Fondida!
Lamb Tacos, queso and tequila!
Try Riazul Añejo with the Flan!! Amazing
Great cocktails and yummy food.
Milagro silver select barrel reserve.
Scallop Bacon Taco. Do it.
Tables by the windows are great for a group, summer squash salad & quest fundido w/ shishito peppers are amazing - margarita, lamb and fish tacos is we'e good...roosters claw (drink) is good but spicy
Had a little bit of everything... Quest fundido, oysters, fish taco, fried green tomato taco, wagu taco....and everything was amazing
Great food and delicious cocktails. Everything on the menu can be ordered as an appetizer or full portion. Get a bunch of things and share!
Two words: incredible flavor. Spicy but not overwhelming and supremely fresh. The cashew-based salsa, fish tempura and sweetbread tacos are all must-try. The Rooster's Claw is serious business.
Man...the food is amazing!  Queso fundido with green chorizo and tomato and corn salad are necessary.  Sleeper item on the menu....chicken tacos!  So simple but so good.  Great date spot.
Lobster tacos! Don't miss them!
The chefs take a 1½-pound lobster and heat it in cream flavored with epazote, roasted tomato, and green chile. They then pile it onto tortillas and top with field corn, epazote mayonnaise, and cotija.
The lobster tacos are worth the splurge!
Great tequila selection! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Call for a classic BULLDOG Gimlet to start the night off right.
Fish tacos were off the hook. Service with a smile. Best. Restaurant. Soundtrack. Ever.
Air condition functions badly.  As its packed far too much, waitresses bump into eating customers all the time.
Great cocktails and the tacos were great.. Don't need the 3.. Apetiser size of 2 is enough
I love. Get the app portion of tacos; 2 is enough!
Don't come early and try to sit at a table without  ur complete party. Especially when no one else is in the place!
don't skip the queso or margarita w/ habanero. soooo good.
The shortrib is fantastic and defintely get the line tart for dessert.
I love Empellon. Great food, good wine, tequila list is awesome and great service.
Brunch here is amazing. Not "too cool", but laid back. The chicharrónes are perfect for those that they may have had too much drink the night before :)
Lobster tacos
the lengua tacos may be good, but the octopus appetizer is better. the back room is infinitely quieter.
The tempura fish tacos were awesome and I'm usually disappointed with fish tacos
Sloney Poney tastes like candy
Order a Gamechanger...
Great place to go for a game. The skinny cocktails help keep you safe from racking up a ton of calories before halftime even hits - try the Half Windsor, its cute, delicious and only has 96 calories!
West Village hotspot with sports as a focus. Fun fact: one of our employees used to run it!
Creep on a *lot* of yuppies!
Try the Half Windsor. It's such a refreshing, summer drink. You will NOT be sorry.
Use the bathroom at Diablo Royale next door when it gets too busy.
In honor of the Tribeca Film Festival, try the BOMBAY SAPPHIRE® Gin Spring Fling - BOMBAY SAPPHIRE® Gin, dry vermouth, apricot brandy, Grand Marnier, and orange peel.
Locals only
Stylish pub with solid cocktails. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get drinks from milo! He is awesome and makes amazing drinks
Service here is terrible. The waitresses just stand around and stare and act inconvenienced when you ask for something. Thanks guys
Good friends and good times. Good pub if you are a Yankees fan.
A little over priced, but a nice old-time college vibe in the West Village. Great for watching sports. Lots of suits and pearls.
Truffled Mac and cheese and grilled tuna BLT are the real deal here
Love listening to the accents here and guessing what part of England the patrons are from... Essex seems to win every time.
Herb-infused fries are not that infused. And dry
Free shots if you check in on the freakin weekend
Truffle grilled cheese is amazing but really small and rich for $20 - get it as an app bw 4 people
Awful food, ridiculously bad service...
Great sports bar with a solid menu, good tunes and nice people.  Get the turkey burger with sweet potato truffled fries when you're watching the game!
Just previewed the quesadillas which will hit the menu in a couple weeks. AWESOME. Service rocks (dunno what these fools are talking about), and the owners are great guys. Great sports bar w good eats
Just previewed the quesadillas which will hit the menu in a couple weeks. AWESOME. Service rocks (dunno what these fools are talking about), and the owners are great guys. Great sports bar w good eats
This place is great! The service is suspect... We asked the waitress if they had champagne and she wasn't sure if they had wine at all... Hmmm
This place is great! The service is suspect... We asked the waitress if they had champagne and she wasn't sure if they had wine at all... Hmmm
Try the truffled grilled cheese... Out of this world!
Recommend trying the Sloney Pony, but with Sagatiba cachaca instead of the vodka.  Delicious!
WORST.SERVICE.EVER.
This place is way overpriced and the service is bad. AVOID!
Ask for the Truffled grilled cheese
The cook here is great! Even with the limited resources he's able to go beyond what the menu is. Just ask him. He's a really nice guy and seems to really love the craft of cooking and serving!
Can be hit and miss but when it's good it's good. They also aren't constant on their prices (sometimes chicken+rice is $5, sometimes it's $5.50).
They have Mexican Coca-Cola for $1.75 in glass bottles! Worth the extra $$.
worst halal i've ever had. this cart only survives because of its remote dumbo location.
The chicken gyro and falafel are both great. The guy even asked how they were.
try the mixed coke...
save money by getting a drink at the vending machine nearby for 50 cents
If they have it, get the vegetarian torta with cheese and extra spicy sauce. So messy but so delicious.
Giant sandwiches! Extremely messy/greasy but totally worth it. Pastor torta is delicious.
Avocado torta is great for vegetarians!
1 torta + 2 tacos = afternoon nap under desk
Extra Spicy? Yes, Please!
Horchata is terrible. Raw onions and salsa on the tacos.
Pastor tacos. Don't get the horchata, it's made with powder and tastes weird
Mexico Blvd will be rollin' to the Village Voice's Choice Streets food truck tasting event on 4/24 at Pier 86 / The Intrepid! More info here: http://ow.ly/9M1oK
When in doubt... al pastor
Sing some songs here.
Sing some songs here.
Liked that it wasn't crowded and cheap, but the fact that it's cash only and that the Korean and American songs are on two different systems was weird.
Perfect food for the weather! Heart warming Korean food that keeps me going on against this freezing chill!!!
Always empty in the best possible way.
Pretty good new pop song selection. They're liberal with song tickets at the bar if it's not crowded.
Amazing food I loved the service
Absolutely must try the Mushroom Ragout on Toast. And, of course, the mussels. Unbelievably tasty.
Awesome waffles ! And very, very friendly stuff.
If you're kids like The Adventures of Tin Tin there's a whole series of its comic books along the wall. Perfect brunch place near union square. Usually a 20-30 min wait for parties over 2.
great waffles and egg dishes. super friendly service. fatou is an awesome server. we loved her :)
The waffles are sadly not that great. The mussels are fantastic, though.
Ardennais Burger - YES!
Get one of the mussel pots. Dip your French fries in the leftover broth.
Love their omelets!
I usually get the salad Niçoise, which is great. The chopped salad looks awful, however, like something from an airport food kiosk.
Go on a Tuesday and get half priced wine.  Brunch, lunch or dinner.  Food channel's top US places for breakfast.
$2 to go iced coffee at the front bar  - best deal anywhere
The mashed potatoes (called "stoemp") are delicious. It came as a side with the eggs florentine, and the eggs were good, but, damn, those potatoes were the best thing on the plate.
The Fresh OJ is good, french toast with berries and the banana split is great here!
Gaufre Aux Fraises!! Add chocolate
Great #startupbreakfast with @emilner last week. Yummy omelettes and great company! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Strawberry waffles with scrambled eggs (not on menu) are TDF. Eat in le jardin!
Excellently made eggs benedict. The waffles are sugary and heavy but super tasty. Flavorful mashed potatoes are far better than brunch competitors' lame roasted potatoes.
The croque Madame + fries was spectacular.
Great brunch spot with delicious waffles. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Pretty authentic Belgium style waffles. Made me miss Brussels.
Mondays bring half-priced Belgian beers. All of them. That's right, a $12 beer at any time on Monday for $6. Thank me later.
Skip the long line and eat at the counter. Same food, served faster.
Salmon burger is delicious!
Best Croque Monsieur around.
Lovely, quiet place for lunch with a great beer selection.
Pick up a Tin Tin book from the front before you sit down. Nothing like waffles and a good Herge adventure. You're practically in Belgium!
The mussels, fries, beer and waffles was delicious. I felt like I was back in Belgium!
Rare vos! Great Belgian beer.
This charming Belgian café is perfect for brunch.  Their trademark is the waffle so don't forget to try it, you won't regret it.
Try the Million Dollar Birthday Fries, Uncle Moe brings them out himself!
Uncle Moe's bought me lunch. Major customer service points here.
Get the Mexican coke with cane sugar.
I've only been here once but the steak was chewy and the soda tasted like mold. Not a fan.
Go w a burrito bowl w black beans roasted zucchini chicken Pico and gauc for a healthy and delicious slow carb meal
Fish tacos!
Get the Aunt Bee's chopped salad with chicken. Yum.
Good in a pinch, reminds me of the "burritoville" chain that went belly up. If you want a better burrito, walk the 5ish blocks to Dos Toros .
Get the roasted corn. It's amazing and offered every day.
Yummy tacos and burritos reasonably priced.  Try the rice pudding empanadas for a novel dessert.
They serve California-style burritos at their finest – and the expansive menu is friendly to vegetarians and carnivores!  Try the California, the Uncle Moe’s or the Chinatown burritos.
Get the mango shake
I had been avoiding this place because I'm trying to lose weight. However the Southwest Ceasar Salad with Grilled Steak is amazing and hasn't stopped me from shedding some lbs.
Try your burrito half carne, half chorizo.
This place rocks my socks off
Watsonville with alambre chicken and black beans..
The nacho's are great very fresh. you pick what you want on them. the atmosphere is really nice. They make burritos too.
Uncle Moes = better burrito management than Chipotle
The veggie with no rice and pinto beans is killer!
Try the Southwest Caesar Salad with either chicken or shrimp.  Don't forget the salsa/pickles condiment bar.
get the watsonville.
Go to Uncle Moe's and
The Super Taco with either beef or steak. But bring your own hot sauce!
Get the California with Carne Asada, the acclaimed rice pudding empanada, and a Lime Jarrito. And don't forget to hit the salsa bar.
Great space and mostly solid eats, but the service is often uneven & staff are not well-versed w/ the menu. Cocktails are grossly overpriced. Friend ordered steak and received pork...buyer beware.
Excellent Greek Salad. Order it with chicken !
Love the food!!! Service was awesome! Call the place to check if they are playing your team!!! A very NYC team place! Wings are good!
Not that good.
Great for Sunday/Monday night fotball.
Ok I wanted to first try this and ignore the negative tips. Firstly, I don't think it's over priced. It's ok  the food is nice and was quick. The service is slightly bad though. The music is also poor
Jack is an awesome bartender. Great food and service
Love how the place looks. Hate how the place works. Slowest/ least attentive service ever. Maybe just call in an order of sweet potato fries from here? Bc those are delish- but they'll take an hr.
Not impressed by the crab cake hamburguer, thought it was very spicy.
Leave a tip? Yeah. Don't.
Food and service were great but they played THE WORST MUSIC EVER. Makes you think their target customers are prepubescent little girls.
Absolutely miserable service for overpriced drinks and mediocre food.
Beers are overpriced. As for the food, I only had the pizza but it had zero flavor so can't be a good sign for the rest of the menu.
Over priced! Not impressed!
Great food and great ambiance- try the shrimp appetizer and the pizza! Amazing beer selection - over 25 on tap!
Wasn't busy but food took over 45 minutes to come out. I don't recommend the cold fish and chips. I'm sure it would have sucked just as much if it was brought out hot though.
Service is great. Food is awesome !!
a swanky place to watch a game!
How the fuck do you run out of bloody marys ?
This place is amazing. Authentic brazilian food. Great services! Stop by.
20 flat screens, 25 brews on tap, another 50 by the bottle, wood-fired pies, 4 different burgers, hickory-smoked ribs (smoked in-house), & very large windows to gaze out from.
This is the best place ever!! Stiff drinks and the food is amazing!!
This place sucks. Guacamole is plain, service is slow, and the bartenders are rude.
Service is horrible. Expect to wait 30min to get a beer.
If you would like this to be the first and last date this place is perfect.
Worst sports bar ever. I feel like my team deserves to lose bc i am here. Plays douche music during game distracting from tiny tvs.
H&H's fresh squeezed orange juice tastes like candy. It's about as good as it gets be it here or central Florida...
Love the new hash brown
The site of Flight of the Conchords' Sugalumps video, this restaurant is featured on our Top 10 NYC Restaurants Featured on HBO.
While price is low they are very Rude .. There not only dumpling house around go somewhere else
The dumpling places in Chinatown are exceptionally cheap and filling, where else can you enjoy a great meal for under $5. Learn more about other cheap Chinatown finds on MetroFocus.
My favorite cheap dumpling place in chinatown
I come here to grab lunch almost every day before work. Yuummmmm
Cheap food!
Meat bao zi (bun) and soy bean drink for breakfast
Five dumplings for only 1.25 can't beat the low prices
A hole in the wall, but stand out food.
Bom restaurante italiano em Tribeca. Pratos individuais bem servidos. Os preços do menu no 4square estão um pouco diferentes dos encontrados, mas nada significativo.
Get the fetuccini with max meat sauce, best dish!
Best Italian spot in TriBeCa!
Amazing pasta! So cheap. Why haven't I moved in here already?
Definitely recommend this place!  Fettuccine is to die for.
Lots of better and just as well-priced Italian in TriBeCa - every dish was massive and a mess on the plate. Specials were ill-conceived and actually, kind of disgusting.
Charming Italian place that's both inexpensive and delicious. Recommend the gnocchi and ravioli.
Affordable gem in Tribeca. It is all good!
Great place for a quiet dinner.  Try the chicken... (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't order the chicken pate appetizer. They spread it on too thick. It's not. PB & J -- it's pâté!
Village Voice is excited to have Max at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Amazing atmosphere, perfect food. Prosciutto with mozzarella was amazing with the lasagna....mmmmmm
The Sugo toscano is a must...as is the caprese!!! One of my favorite italian places..will not disappoint.
Corn is good
Really good italian food. Sucks cause cards only accepted over $15
Usually not too crowded, great staff, quick food and slightly innovative twist on the dishes (like black squid ink noodles)
Kendi yaptıkları makarnaları olağanüstü lezzetli ve tabii ki sosları da!
Tried & True- the lasagna, the lamb ragu and the fettucine, can't go at this place! Their location in the east village has an enclosed outdoor patio in the back. Lovely!
Look at the girls with long legs
The Fettucine al Sugo Toscano?  Yes.  Yes please.  Twice.
Dark. Cozy. Beautiful music. Hide here.
I LOVE their gnocchi. So fresh and so soft. Like little pillows in my mouth.
Fettucini with meat sauce = by far best dish on the menu!
It’s a small place with a cozy feel to it and also serves the best pasta ala sugo I think for cheap. -Ed Cotton, Top Chef
Fresh pastas. The Lamb Ragu is divine.
The bruschetta is amazing.
order the lobster ravioli.best i've ever had!!
Try their homemade fresh pasta!
Max's fettucine is the best!
The best lasagna of my life!
Fettuccine and duck bolognese
Make sure you request a table at the back in the heated garden
Mozzarella risotto balls and the spaghetti and meatballs are stars. Highly recommended. Could not stop eating them. Pleasant staff and really cozy space.
F-Factor <3's Crispo. Check out our menu review to see the F-Factor approved options here http://ffactor.com/community/menus/crispo
The pasta is solid-- share a plate with a friend and don't miss out on their delectable vegetable dishes too!
great food
bone marrow, risotto balls, carbonara, and banana sorbet were AMAZING. service is a little slow but the good made up for it.
Try the basil crusted salmon special on Fridays!
Cozy Italian food for chilly nights. We're partial to the spaghetti carbonara.
4sq-ers weren't kidding around about them brussel sprouts y'all.
Love all the veggie small plates and apps - great for sharing
Try the Spaghetti Carbonara - Done right. Notice that egg on top. No Alfredo sauce here.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Prosciutto, Figs, Parmigiano (via @Foodspotting)
So yummy! Try the burata if it is on the specials.
Great Brussels sprouts (roasted w pignolis and maple butter syrup).  Dessert has to be pot de creme.
Not the hippest joint but fantastic rustic Italian. The carbonara is a must.
Get the Caramelized Brussel Sprouts and Risotto Balls.
ricotta balls, spaghetti carbonara 3P classic
Risotto balls are great. The cheese one is slightly better of you only want to pick one. The pasta with truffle oil and peas is also a favorite.
Chicken Milanese is terrific!
A little Italian place with a rustic feel...  Food is pretty good...
Food fab, service a little slow.  Everything was delicious but the stuffed zucchini was unremarkable.
Porkslap on tap.
Get the Dorras Meatballs it was fantastic! And WAY filling.
Birthdays, business dinners and double-dates. My all around "go to" spot. Franks is a doll.
Nothing special just ok food.
Fireplace, waterfountain, and surprising spaces. Enough said.
Best grilled Brussels Sprouts
The pasta here is excellent! Try the Whole Wheat Spaghetti
Don't come here for a party or at all.  Our group spent $1000 and they tried to charge us $3.50 a head to eat a small cupcake we brought even when we were ordering dessert.  Manager was super rude!
The Rebellion's been on...get involved or get to steppin'.
Hot as shit!
How can anyone mess up a neat Scotch? I come here to see the hot owner.
Brown Liquors' single malt scotch selection can't be beat.  I had Talisker (neat) last night, it was delicious.
Here is like China :) sametimes you can not find someone speaking English language :))
Chinatown Delta
Большая жёлтая фабрика по производству всего подряд и нихуяненужного. Неисчислимая алгебра плотности населения на квадратный милиметр. Вторая мировая экономика внутри первой. Полный Парадоксон.
The shopping is amazing in Spring....Little Italy is soo small though!
Just shop and close your nose !
Make sure to always bring cash with you. Places rarely accept credit cards here.
Got to spicy village or shanghai Cade. Best authentic Chinese food ever! I lived in china. I know authentic!
Find Canal Street and take an afternoon walk. Insane Deals are found here, just grab hold o the right street vendor!
Watch out for pickpockets and hustlers.
Go to Jing Fong in Elizabeth Street for the best dim sum! There's always a line on the weekend but it's worth it!
avoid Canal St. if you're in a hurry
so many chinatowns in many boroughs throughout nyc |
Love the chow fun.One dinner is enough for teo.
Cheap prices, interesting people. Lots to see.
Great place for seafood and purses. If someone says they have good deals - follow them with your friends. You may be weirded out but won't be disappointed in the end.
Not only chinese people lives here but also middle east people!
#1sucky always can be found if u look hard enough.
Jateko denetarik aurki dezakezu.  Jatetxeak beti daude irekita. Gauez giro aparta aurki dezakezu.
Mis expectativas fueron grandes, no podré decir nada de ello
Though still best known for its Chinese restaurants, jewelry district and food shopping, CT is also home to a bustling multicultural scene, including a host of hip nightlife spots and restaurants
Check out lovebian.com for total awesomeness
mending keluar hotel dan jalan-jalan
Bargaining tip for street vendors: Always claim you have less money with you than the real amount in your wallet. They'll agree to YOUR price if they think anything higher will make you walk away.
Canal St. is a great way to test out your negotiation skills with the flocks of vendors selling replica bags and watches. Those vendors are negotiation PROs.
There are a lot of Chinese people here. Maybe Korean or Japanese or some other Asian. I can't really tell the difference.
Go try Hop Kee. Best food in the area.
Exciting neighborhood! So much to do; so little time! Check out some of the recommendations we have on our website. Let us be Your Key to the City! http://ht.ly/aL4X7
Besides the drool-worthy eats, we have lots of fun with the offbeat shopping (we’re always up for haggling over cheap, kitsch “Chinese” treasures or exotic Asian fruits that we’ve never seen before).
No se puede ir a Nueva-York y no visitar Chinatown, el encanto de comprar en sus bazares cualquier reproducción de las mejores marcas de relojes, bolsos, pañuelos, etc... es una experiencia única.
No n'hi ha per tant.
The dim-sum push-cart servers are happy to direct the carts you want your way if you ask.
I don't say this lightly... but it's better than Golden Unicorn
Family style chinese food, I love the snails! And the steak with chives ;)
Good dim sum and great family style dinners for large groups
Rude waiters. Bad service. And horrible regulars that sit there for hours and eat nothing but drink tea then leave a dollar tip.
Monday thru Friday dinner special - one dish normal price + one dish discounted price
Monday-Friday small, medium, large dim sum plates are only $2.
Their dim sum special is Mon to Fri. Don't forget their twin lobsters special for dinner. They have more tea leaves choice than other dim sum restaurants.
Only thing good here are the pan fried thick noodles.
If you are looking for real authentic chinese food you have come to the right place. The pan fried noodles and crispy half chicken are awesome.
Get the braised tripe-Royal Seafood produces one of the city's best renditions, served w/ a bright red chile oil that colors the lips and opens up the sinuses. The stomach strips are chewy and tender.
grand marnier shrimp, garlic fried chicken, snails in black bean sauce.. just a few that stood out.
They're running a lobster special, 2 for $5.
One of the cleanest bakeries in Chinatown and freshest baked buns and cookies. A real gem!
Hotdog buns are delish!! And so are the ham and cheese buns!
Best $1 you could spend for 15 pieces to satisfy your sweet tooth! :-D
Try a drink from our new low-calorie cocktail list or our extensive wine and beer selection! Check out the Lillet Lacanau, featured in the NY Post:
Try the pork belly kebab. !!;)
Pork belly kebab!!
Holy Pho Real
Come for the sandwiches (East Side Ink, Pho Real) and the soups that are hot enough to forge steel. Stay for the non-stop Christmas music.
Great bodeaga sandies. Pho real is real.
Good, cheap sandwiches
Javier is the fuckin' man. Treat him as such.
The Parlor is such an amazing sandwich - grilled chicken, egg, blue cheese, sprouts, avocado. Sounds strange but is excellent!
Without a doubt the best sandwich to get is the 101...  No question about it.
Get a 104 and buy a lemon. Squeeze lemon juice on the sandwich as you eat it. Trust me.
Classic New York Sandwich
Get the PHO Real #2 and sit in the park
John Carry all day.
The PHO #1 sandwich (hot) aka PHO REAL will change the way you think of a sandwich. Trust.
Love this place but they have recently switched to styrofoam coffee cups. Bring yr own cup or encourage them to switch back to paper.
First time my ass
Very tasty
There isn't a bad choice, but I'm a huge fan of the Louie.
Go late at night to meet Sunny and Annie, the nicest people ever. Sunny looks like Jackie Chan but more handsome, and Annie is beautiful.
First time, get the Pho Real, no question. But the stealth winner is The Louis.
My staple: 1001, with avocado, whole wheat bread
Steer clear around 3pm on weekdays b/c that's when all the kids get out of school & fill the place.
Try the "Pho Real" ($7), which combines "fresh sliced Boar’s Head roast beef, basil, cilantro, sprouts, tomato and avocado...to capture the essence of the Vietnamese noodle soup in sandwich form."
Sunshine burger all the way.
East side ink
PHO Real or Joe Bama.
The Kimchee Sandwich with turkey is spicy, creamy, sweet, and savory!
The 2012 is my favorite sandwich! My tastebuds went crazy. I skipped out on the cilantro, though.
The Pho Real is exactly that.
Try the Pho Real - like eating a bowl of pho...but in a bun...not actually a bowl.
Don't buy the$4 ice cram sandwich like we did :(
The P.H.O Real did not disappoint...Deff want to try the Kimchi roast beef next
The chicken and radicchio salad was yumtacular. It just feels cozy and European. Great place for lunch.
Excellent little Cafe. Get the spaghetti carbonara +++++
I love coming here with my friends. Great restaurant! Great food! Highly recommend!
I go there very often whenever I am in that area and I am never disappointed. The service is comforting, the food arrives on time and is always delightful.I recommend the milanese and the tiramisu.
I got very sick eating here. Stay away.
Be warned: eating here made me very ill and ruined my night
The spaghetti with EVOO, olives, anchovies and bread crumbs.  Perfection!
Try the Spaghetti w/ Anchovies, Black Olives and Garlic Bread Crumbs - The chef is being generous with Anchovies tonigh. (via @Foodspotting)
Cash only. Cute, quaint. A server who rolls her eyes at you repeatedly doesn't fit the decor. Shame on the manager for hiring her.
Best sandwich ever.
The fish stew is worth getting.
Hidden gem with a sweet staff and great prices. Get the prosciutto panini and add pesto for 50c.
Cheap brunch at a cute Italian place (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
My go-to neighborhood cafe that has wifi. Super chill, no frills, tasty French-Italian cuisine, very inexpensive. Very European owner who always has friends over. Come here for a late night cap!
Boa comida, boa música, bom ambiente, mas se a ruivinha Tim Burton tiver atendendo, seja claro e tenha paciência. Ela esquece metade do pedido. Ainda assim vale a pena.
Laugh in the face of the tourists you'll pass waiting in line at Lombardi's and stroll into the tiny Fiat for some yummy pasta or panini. Tasty brunch! Cash only.
this video review makes me hungry!
Great Ravioli and tiramisu
The tiramisu it's really good and the panini with prosciutto, mozzarella and rugula. And the ricotta ravioli wou amazing
La meilleure Burrata au monde
Bom atendimento, ótima comida... E barato.
My worst kept secret.
The omelets are fluffy and the French toast is a hit
The best place to have cheap fantastic Italian food and wine! Service takes care of you and the baked eggplant dish is the best I've had!
really good bruschetta! waiters speak French to you. I like that. cash only though. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Tasty, cheap breakfasts, & pretty good coffee too. Get the French toast with bacon on it too.
The spaghetti with anchovies and olives is so salty and literally adorable: I adore it.
nie little place. good food. internet not available bet 12-3pm
Great food! And cheap too..
Tiny little restaurant but GREAT food! Try the veggie panini!
Mushroom The best!
A bit pricey, but if you're craving a good slice Downtown - walk past Little Italy and head to this joint!
Try the Grandma slice and their pasta dishes. It'll knock you socks of. My personal favorite is the linguine in white clam sauce.
When ur the mayor...u can do whatever u want?
The vodka grandma is totally busted
Grandma slices are awesome. Everything is great here
DEFINITELY GIVE THE PASTA CLAM SAUCE (white) A TRY & MUSSELS MARINARA!!
Pepperoni + Bacon my fave
Every wednesday there is a beautiful turkish Music there...
You only get two scallops but they're big, juicy and delicious.
Try the Turkush Beef Dumplings (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Truffled Deviled Eggs (via @Foodspotting)
Lamp chops, and turkish beef dimplings!!! Great!! Nice music too.
Servers are far too pushy. Always pushing the more expensive wine which is good sales, but when I want a malbec don't sell me a Shiraz.  Plus they overcharged my card which I'm still dealing with!
I can't wait to go back here. Had delicious Tuna Tartare, Hummus, Grilled Octopus and Grilled Calamari!! Paired with my new favorite wine I was very happy!!
The salmon was decent...
Great service! If you go regularly enough you will get a few free glasses of wine. Win!
This romantic, dimly-lit haven boasts an extensive winelist.  For a perfect match to the elegant atmosphere, try a glass of the Bordeaux and set the tone for a perfect evening!
Mulled wine, yes please.
Veal sausages mean Inegol kofte.
Get the zucchini pancake. Yum.
Pierre Loti spices up their menu with new dishes and cocktails http://exm.nr/oCIoce
One of my favorite places in the neighborhood -- Ishmael, Mahmoud and Mustafa will treat you like family... Sit outside, relax, have a smoke and a glass of wine and all will be right with the world!
Ismael, Orhan and Mahmut are the best hosts in Manhattan.  Also,  get the hummus with Turkish proscuitto
Drink an Efes and try the humus.
Turkish dumpling. Eat them.
Only way to end the night.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Happy Hour!
Never eating here again. Disgusting, flavorless "Mexican" food. Yuck. $12 down the drain.
Get the stupid sauce ;)
Happy Hour Frozen Margaritas ! (Try the Beef  Guaco Loco with Serious Sauce !)
Guaco loco late night on the weekends. Burrito loco for dinner.
Catfish guano loco. Also half off frozen margaritas during happy hour.
$6 frozen margaritas
Chicken Loco tacos are delicious. Great, cheap, quick Mexican. A NYC staple.
Chicken Burrito
Burrito loco is the best bang for your buck. Good anytime.
Smallest burritos ever!
Decent tacos and decent prices. Seems like a place to get the job done, not to be wowed. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Not even drunk do these tacos taste good. I've had better tacos from taco trucks.
Late night drunk food. Perfect.
Macho Nachos!!! Anyway is great!!
Guaco Taco, do it. Also... open 'till 5am!
Late night food for drunkards, not authentic, there are better places, but you cant really fuck up Mexican food, especially when your fucked up.
If you're in the mood for meh burritos, come here. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Macho nachos.
My second job in NYC where I worked for 5 years for $8 an hour.
CHICKEN MACHO NACHOS IS THE BOMBBBBBB!!!!
Good, affordable Mexican food + cheap drinks. What else can u ask for at 4am?
Guaco and queso loco. Yum.
The burrito logo & macho nachos are LIFE SAVERS. Literally
The queso loco tacos are amazing
The margaritas are delicious!!! But they're strong! Beware!!!
The quesadilla grande is delicious! And vegetarian
Perfect night ending place. Margaritas and nachos @ 4:30AM. Can't beat it. Just tell the lady behind the counter that you're drunk- she will hook you up.
Try the Queso Loco (Catfish) - I love catfish reminds me of Iowa (via @Foodspotting)
If trying for a somewhat healthier alternative opt for the burrito bowl and add some crack sauce. Pollo verde is my go to for the bowl
Eh they're ok. Not worth it if the line is super long.
Black bean taco and Chipotle pork taco. Sit on a bench around the corner.
Pollo verde burrito (naked) was reasonable, but not amazing. Service was friendly and very fast considering how many people were there.
It must have been some time in 2007. The greatest burrito in the history of burritos.
No cc payment no real salsas
Chipotle pork rolled quesadilla is what you want
Cant wait for their restaurant to open in Park slope in the Old Blue Ribbon location!!!
Noah turned me onto Calexico at Madison Sq. Park. Loved it?  Hey, shouldn't you be in Miami?
go when its raining and there will be a humane wait.
Everything is amazing...even more so with the crack sauce. Why would you go to chipotle which is more expensive anyway?
I can't stop ordering the chipotle pork burrito (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Calexico is proof that cheap food can taste amazing! Go chipotle pulled pork anything with a side of crack sauce!
Carne asada tacos please!
Long wait, awesome burritos.
Hipster burritos is what we used to call them. Whatever the name, they're definitely the best burrito in the neighborhood.
this place really is as good as they say! try the carne asada quesadilla and crack sauce!!
Calexico Taco CartWooster St & Prince St, New York, NY 10012Food Truck, Mexican Restaurant, Burrito Place
Do not pass up this cart. That's your tip.
On Calexico Fridays, make sure you buy an extra burrito so you can eat it before you go out.
Long lines, but it's worth it. Rolled quesadillas are tops.
1) The carne asada gets a lot of Tips love, but my endorsement goes to carnitas. 2) Napkins are often not included. 3) Walk a block north and cross Houston for outdoor seating.
Don't get me wrong the taste is always great but the shrinking size of the burritos is not good when the price has gone up. I recall feeling full in the old days...
Rolled Quesadillas are the tits, for vegetarians, but if you're tryin'a feel healthful, go for the tacos.
Got to get the Crack Sauce.
Steak burrito bowls with the crack sauce. Chicken Quesadillas. A bit of a wait during peak lunch hour but it's totally worth it. -Erica C
Carne asada and crack sauce—the only way to go.
Longer line than the one at Mad. Sq. Eats. Place an order for a pork burrito, and then kill 20 minutes at the Apple Store.
Make sure you get the "crack sauce" and dip WHATEVER you get into it...You'll become addicted!
Black bean & avocado quesadillas! Comes with crack sauce. If you like meat: the pork tacos.
We love the holiday blend coffee. Actually, we have a bunch at our office!
The best Starbucks in Manhattan. Rarely a line. Friendly service.
The slowest in the city.
Best Starbucks in the city. The baristas are rockstars and have my order memorized. Super fast, friendly and helpful! Love them!
this is one of the consistently best Starbucks I've come across in the chelsea an flatiron areas. they are quick to take your order, make the drink, and get it to you correctly
Cashiers over charged me $14 for pastrie & coffee... When i corrected him he gave me a snotty look before adjusting it!
They are so damn rude at this location!
Consistently the worst service of any Starbucks I have been to. Lose the attitudes, folks!
Waited  10 minutes for an ice tea. When I asked after they lied and told me it was being made. A few minutes later, someone finally made it- in a cup marked with someone else's order.
Respond to "rush to red" check in..was "I don't know what that is".  I am disappointed!
Coffee is too acidic for zombies
Half price frappuccinos May 4th-May 13th between 3-5PM!
This a very dangerous place to be if there is a zombie attack. Best strategy is probably steal a car from across the street and escape the island.
Secret oasis. Poofy chairs, bar seating, and hardly anyone is here at 8:45am. Incredible.
The baristas are the friendliest!!! Love coming here every morning.
The girls behind the counter are the best! And very pretty too single guys, pay attention!!
The baristas here are the beat!!!
Great  crew here. Know the regulars and their drinks. Über friendly.
My favorite little "fairly unknown" Starbucks. It's very warm here and is generally got enough space to sit and relax on a comfy couch.  This is the Starbucks I loiter at : )
This location USED to be great but now is below average. They forget drinks, make them completely out of order or grossly mis-make them every single day.
This locale is less cramp, less seating. The Milano cookies are just 50 cals ea, and not overly sweet. Just right.
AWEFUL customer service. The staff clearly not interested in their jobs & ignore customers while they chat. DON'T go here!
Try the coffee!
This place has a different vibe than any other Starbucks I've been to. It's got little nooks with awesome lounge chairs in the corners. Seriously cozy.
Actually one of the nicest Starbucks I've been to even if they do play dreadful music loudly.
Hey, a Starbucks that still has comfortable chairs and electrical outlets!
Really and truly the rudest Starbucks in Manhattan.
Counters are always dirty - watch out!
If you like the Starbucks employees to barely make eye contact and not use common courtesies like "hello" and "thank you" then this is the location for you.
Everybody should visit this location at least once. Great atmosphere and staff
Anything that has matcha!!
Jasmine milk tea, 30% sugar. Perfect sweetness!
Their three guys is amazing. Best add on to any drink is their pudding!
They give you so many bubbles! <3
their service attitude is really really really bad. they messed up my order twice and no sorry at all. when i suggest them to do better next time, they told me "you don't have to come here next time!"
Best bubble tea....hands down!!
Mango slush half sugar no bubbles very good !!!
This place is a nice substitute for better tea and juice spots like quickly but if ur not in Chinatown and need a fix this place works I guess
Best Bubble Tea outside of China Town. And it actually probably rivals most bubble tea places in China town as well...
The mango smoothie is so good :D
Rose Cream Black Tea: exceptionally refreshing and delicious
Bubble tea on sale: $1 off
Opt for pudding when they run out of bubbles, which is several times a day :(
The mango green tea is the best I have had from anyone.
Try the Jasmine Milk Tea w/ Tapioca!
Try the Mango Green Tea - It's yummy!  (via @Foodspotting)
You can order delivery nearby with an order of more than 5 drinks. They accept credit card too.
Bubble tea...me no likey.
No more late night coffee for me! :-)
Make sure you have cash!
Be cautious with hot drink.
They have the best bubble tea in the city! :)
Anything that contains chocolate, caramel or banana will be a winner.
Can't wait to try the mango slush with tapioca and coconut jelly! Yuuumm!
The bubble gaga is amazing!
This bubble tea chain is from Taiwan and the quality is considered to be very good in NY. Their summer special for the mango slushy (芒果冰沙) is the best in NYC. I believe they use fresh mango!
It's 25 cents to upgrade to a large. Love the bubble GaGa!
Gotta try the mango Yakult with coconut jelly- amazing.
The Jasmine milk tea with pudding is good!
Pretty good Tawainese bubble tea!
Banana cheesecake is amazing.
Better than juniors
My favorite place for cheesecakes
favorite cheesecakes
Cheese cake's in all seizes and flavours, Jummmmmm!
Black & White Mousse is delicious!
Eileen's Special Cheesecake is all about marketing. I can't take a slice to go, and the small sice pastry isn't worth the price. It's not a lifechanging cheesecake. Junior's is better.
The cheesecake is perfect! Not to sweet and rich but still savory and decadent. Some cheesecakes are sweet to the point of a diabetic coma but this was perfect. If only they used real fruit on the top
best.cheescake.ever
I love the Oreo cheesecake and the fruit cheesecakes.
Mini cheesecakes are amazing, try the plain New York and Oreo cookie.
I don't usually like cheesecake but this is the best- so light and fluffy! Mango and dulce de leche were both delicious.
Try the Mini Cheesecake With Strawberry (via @Foodspotting)
The tiramisu is nothing special but you must try their Oreo cheesecake! The plain cheesecake is amazing too!
THE best cheesecake in New York in a very cute little cornershop boutique!
Don't forget to try the cookies...
My favs are the strawberry and Pineapple cheesecake.
Geeez! The cheesecake is indeed unbelievable!!! @jes : you are unbelievable too - please push the totally unfriendly guy back in the kitchen..!!!
The guy that works here with the white hair is a straight up prick
Found Cheesecake as Yum Yum. Try it and dish on it at http://dishonit.com
A little bakery where you can taste delicious home made cheesecakes. All "made with love"!
The cheesecake has a great graham cracker crust comes up the side, too.  More goodness.  Go with the plain.
Sweet Cherry was so good
Eileen's NY cheesecake has been featured on NYC Celebrity Chef Bobby Flay's show on Food Network, and you can order it online.
the cheesecake here is so light and delicious
good cheesecake, i promise
This place has the best cheesecake ever! I love the strawberry and Oreo ones!
Created 2 videos about Eileen's Cheesecake for www.maxdelivery.com (client).Video 1 (Eileen and MaxDelivery): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCSRjRylks8Video 1 (background): http://www.youtube
Best cheesecake ever. Strawberry. Omg. I die. I've been thinking about this for 2 days straight. Must go back.
very light & fluffy cheesecake, try the mini assorted cheesecakes; oreo and pecan are the best.
Awful Subway just told me they don't have a few standard things, like cheddar cheese, and would charge me extra for things no other Subway does. Woman was on the phone w/ someone the whole time.
They're super nice to regulars here. They always give me free cookies!
This location doesn't accept coupons, workers are rude and don't listen to orders either.
The cheese triangles don't go that way!
I actually kind of love this Subway. Don't let the haters get you down.
The lady cashier should know how to act properly and not giving me attitude when im asking about something.. Jeezee
Hands down, the worst Subway experience I've ever had (including the time I waited for the L for 2 hours). Employees out of it, cheap w. the veggies, & my bf's orchard chicken salad was FROZEN.
This one is small and kind of ghetto. If you like banana peppers, they don't have them here. Go to the location on W.Bway and Broome St. It's the only reason I come to Subway at all!
Get the Pork Bun. It goes well with everything.
It's all about the shrimp shu mai
Get the $1 teas with your meal. Also, it closes at 9 so plan accordingly!
Try "The Original" Egg Roll: you can actually taste the 'egg.'
Soup dumplings at Joe's Ginger around the corner are a million times better. The pork bun, however, is excellent.
The pork buns are gigantic and delightful. My date and I had a huge dinner AND drinks for $30. Super cute diner feel and fresh dim sum. LOVE IT.
One of my new fav spots....resisted the temptation to stray away from the dumplings and just kept ordering variations of shrimp/pork house specialities. Highly recommend that strategy
Giant pork buns, the best I've had in the city so far. Yum.
Legit. Price is right, food is banging, cheap tea, nice staff, cool setting.
The pork bun is the tastiest item on the menu!!!!
"It's not dim sum until you spill soup dumpling all over yourself." - Ancient Chinese proverb
Eat this: shrimp & snow pea leaf dumplings, cilantro & scallion rice roll, shrimp & bacon roll, roast pork pun, chinese broccoli w/ oyster sauce, Shanghainese soup dumplings, + shrimp & egg fried rice
Excellent, cheap, great service and history. Since the '20's serving. #ilovenyc
They have wifi now! Password is the phone number, on the menu.
Honestly the quality of dim sum is average but you go there to experience the old Hong Kong!  I appreciate the new owner's effort in maintaining the authenticity by adding a modern touch!
Tucked away on a small street in Chinatown, COOLHAUS staff head here on Sundays to escape the ever-growing brunch crowd in Williamsburg. All dimsum is made-to-order and their menu is tourist-friendly!
I love this place
Classic dim sum institution - oldest in the city.
Try the original egg roll, Chinese eggplant, and shrimp suimai, so delicious!
Wilson (the owner) is a great dude, my girlfriend thinks he's cute but don't tell him I said so.
Fabulous for Gluten-free eaters! The bacon shrimp ball is amazing. Also the fried eggplant and sesame ball with lotus paste is money
Their roast pork buns are delish for breakfast or anytime. They used to be 85¢; now $1.50 :(
Danny Bowien goes here for dim sum.
Established 1920, moved down street 1968. Neighborhood staple for steamed buns, dim sum and tea. Most famous for homemade lotus paste and red bean filling for moon cake during the autumn festival.
Great Dim Sum!
Try the Cilantro & Scallion Rice Roll (via @Foodspotting)
My new fav cheap/good/fast food spot, besides National of course.
Veggie Dumpling...don't mind if I do.
Should be Nom Nom Nom Wah!
Chinatown Restaurant Week participant.
There are no other options for pizza at 3am around here.
Had 2 slices.. Taste water down.. No flavor @ all.. Crust wasn't even crispy.. Walk a few blocks up 2 Mike's
Best pizza in nyc
STUDENTS: Ask about the Dorm Special!
Greasiest pizza this side of town.
My favorite place to get Italian Ices.
Get the buffalo chicken slice.
Kimchee dog is great. Bahn mi dog is a close second
You must try the Sydney Chicken Dog. The mango relish is insane!!!! Their location changes weekly.
Had the benefit of living above the shop for a year! Great neighborhood joint, and friendly staff!
Don't forget to download the perka app for a free coffee after 10.
Best coffee shop in the LES!!
Walk over to the Hester Street Fair at Hester & Essex!
formerly dora's
Pushcart is an ethical & sustainable cafe participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now to get discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Try the coffee!
Awesome soy latte!!
Great neighborhood spot. Fantastic sandwiches and pastries to go along with your Stumptown brew.
Try the Maggie's Kitchen baked goods. They'll blow your mind.
Very friendly staff!  While you are sipping your coffee, take a walk to the East River  Park.
Love the staff here! Super friendly and attentive. Great demos. And tasty treats to go with your beverage.
Hip, friendly, and serving up great coffee from Stumptown with a variety of little treats.  It's kind of in the middle of nowhere but we love it.  Can't go wrong with the iced coffee.
A stale croissant for 3 bucks....
Great coffee. They also have yummy sandwiches and a few tables inside to perch with your caffeine. Kid friendly.
Really cute little cafe with awesome Pandora stations playing. The sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced, but then I always want another.
This is iced Coffee.
Order espresso drink + free pastry w/ your first check-in!
Great iced coffee and really friendly owner (Nicole).  Excellent addition to the hood :)
The oatmeal with raw honey, steamed milk, and sea salt flakes is tasty.  Also, say hi to Nicole - she's awesome.
This place has the best to go cup lids. SRSLY.
Say hi to Nicole -- she knows coffee!
They have Andy Capp's Hot Fries - smile
Avoid the ceviche; scallops are OLD not fresh. Desserts are pretty good though.
Wilfred is the BEST bartender!!
Rolling out National Pasta Day http://exm.nr/nnq64v
New York City Restaurants that welcome diners like family http://exm.nr/oBNkJU
Nice italian restaurant in SoHo, the desserts are to die for and the wine selections are fantastic
I like this place.  Good food, etc.  BUT If you order a scotch with rocks, order the rocks on the side...especially if its good scotch.  Otherwise, they serve you a scotch snow cone.
Quattro Gastronomia Italiana Review
Polipo Del Mediterraneo Verci E Salsa Di Limoni = WIN.
For a limited time enjoy a free glass of Champagne and complimentary dessert with your meal — if you mention The Borgias launch.
great food...great wine selection
pasta heaven... some favorites: foie gras ravioli, porcini ravioli, linguine vongole
Chef Fabrizio prepares his pasta daily using an elaborate pasta-making machine by La Monferrina—imported from Italy and rare in U.S. kitchens.
The signature dish at this Miami Beach transplant is the braised beef ravioli ($18). If you're willing to shell out for an opulent lunch, try the baked branzino ($36).
The place sticks to its Northern Italian roots with burrata cheese, braised veal ossobuco and salt-crusted Mediterranean sea bass.
The meatballs are amazing!
Best Staff, Happy hours, Food & fun in NYC!
this is pastry | hire a baker ||
Argo Tea Store Hourz: http://bit.ly/RnDAb7
Friendly and pretty staff, great coffee, cheaper than Starbucks. Nuff said.
I suggest the Pumpkin Chai tea ... It's delicious !!!
I enjoy so much this place,  it's perfect to relax and ,at the same time , work. I love it!
Try mango coconut bubble !!!!
Pretty good coffee for a tea place, but the muffins and pastries are horrible. Everything I've gotten from there has been doughy and under-baked.
Make sure you get the LoyalTea Card. You get a free drink on your birthday, a free drink every $10, $5 loaded into the card every $50 and 10% off "Food & Drinks" combo.
Waaaaaaaaaay overprized. But that Pumpkin Chai was off the HOOK!
Bring your laptop, a book, and headphones; then, order the classic green tea. Congratulations, you have the makings for a lovely afternoon. Ahh.
MojiTEA is so good.
Iced mate late is amazing!
An iced coffee generally includes more than 4 ice cubes. Pretty crappy surprise on a 90 degree day
The Green Tea Muffins are amazing!
The Citrus Ginger Iced Tea...Delicious...
Check out the barista's 'tea of the day'
large sparkling mojitea
Provate sia il sangria che il mojotea! Gusti sorprendenti per noi italiani!
Iced coconut chai (soy) = tongue's utopia
Fresh out the oven oatmeal raisin cookie
Get the unsweetened vanilla flavor added to Chai.
My favorite tea spot in Manhattan!
Have a teagasm before you die!
They only have 2 hr wifi, but if you want to avoid buying too many teas, use the Flatiron Plaza free wifi network. Work as long as you need to!
ask for your tea served in a ceramic cup. Go green <3
The Coconut Soy Chai and Green Tea Ginger Twist are worth trekking here for
Bubble tea and frittata's!!!
Unless you want a really specific tea flavor, save your money.
Iced fruit sangria yum!!
coconut chai...DO IT
Soups are good. Usually I get minestrone but ventured to try a new one, chicken dumpling, today. Not disappointed!
Breakfast run? The South Western Egg White Omelette Wrap is the way to go.
Count your change.
The staff is nice and efficient. They round up change so you don't get useless pennies back. Kudos.
Very efficient and sweet staff. My go to breakfast and lunch spot!
Pretty good sandwiches and salads in this friendly and happily run deli.
Their soups and pasta salads are pretty good.
just hiked the cost on salads. benvenuto across the street is cheaper and better options.
There's a well hidden restroom in the back. It's in decent shape too.
Hungry? I mean REALLY HUNGRY?? Get the steak burrito. Make sure you don't plan on being productive afterwards :)
The food is too greasy.
Best breakfast in the city! Omelette platters under 5 bucks. These guys are fast. Great restaurant. Lunch is great too, try the burger with BBQ sauce!
Their vegetarian mix and match is great value for money at $7.5 after tax. the mexican rice is amazing with a lemony tang.
It's not fancy, but where else can you get a $6 bowl of ramen and a "medium" beer the size of Lady Liberty's torch?
every Friday and Saturday 11pm-3am sushi is half off!
10 checkins... I will be mayor!
Wednesdays are $1.50 Rolls on white plates.
Monday is tuna day, Tuesday is salmon day, Wednesday is roll day.
this is fast food sushi. no big deal in taste but still enjoyable. they have many kinds of fish for a good price. fri and sat: 50% off in all sushi.
Make sure to place a reservation in advance. Happy hour Nomihodai is a great deal.
Try the Eel Sushi - Nice and warm and buttery (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Wasabi Caviar Sushi (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Anaconda Roll - Eel over avocado roll with sliced vegetables (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Inari Sushi (via @Foodspotting)
Dollar beer on Mondays !
Marifelle and Robbie are the best!
50% off Friday and Saturday nights from 11pm-3am. Plus, conveyor belts are always fun.
Private rooms are usually available. Since Christmas songs and you'll get a red and green lazer light show.
Staff is always nice and of course... conveyor belt sushi!
Some very good karaoke/unlimited drink specials at night
Try the lychee martini. Strong!
Watch for flying microphones.
If you get 90+pts @ the karaoke bar on Sun/Mon/Tue, you get a free drink up to $15 :) Also the 2hr all-you-can-drink option w/ karaoke is pretty awesome. The sushi+tempura is good. The noodles aren't.
Karaoke upstairs! Don't bother with a room, just sit at the bar.
Because nothing says St Pattys Day like karaoke in a Japanese bar!
I've been going here for years! Bartenders upstairs are so nice and helpful. Nicole is the best!
The green tea ice cream is probably going to be more bitter than you expect. Very tea-ish. Watch for that in case you were looking for something creamier.
If you are here now say where are you John? For a free shot...only value next 30 minutes
Love this place..how am I not Mayor yet?
The plum wine is amazing
Best happy hour in the city! Everything half from 530pm to 7pm!
Conveyor belt sushi!  This place also counts as a karaoke location.
Ask for green tea
great atmosphere. must try the Fig & Prosciutto Flat Bread!!
They have Lebanese wine!! Not a common feature in NYC wine bars/restaurants.
Wine flights were great! The flatbreads were good, but sweet. The service was lacking...I got (and finished!) my flatbread 30min before my friend got his. High-end prices, cavalier Village attitude.
Not very creative name but the wine was good, the interior was inviting, and our seats at the window were prime for people watching. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Delicious flatbrrad pizzas from brickoven
dl scoutmob app for half off your bill. limited time offer
Overpriced wine selection.
AMELIE WINE BAR LOCATED 22 WEST 8TH STREET
The special does not exist!
Delicious food. Dark and sexy. Wines from Spain, France, and Italy.
The special here is no longer valid. The sister restaurant next door is no longer open. But still a really nice date spot!!
good selections of wine.
Indoors smells like fried food 
If you order the lobster guacamole, be advised there's ONE pc of lobster on top. It's really shrimp guac. Which is pretty good, but the menu should reflect that it's primarily shrimp!
Used to hang out there with friends for a glass of Vino all the time when living on 3rd st. Great local hangout place.
great sidewalk seating and people watching
check in here 4+ (1 day/1 time) unlock winy! badge :)
The flat breads are excellent
It gets packed easily being it is small. But has a large wine selection that serves a taste for every tongue.
Avoid! Service was sub par. Food was downright brutal. Wine was overpriced (nicer products from identical producers were cheaper elsewhere in the neighbororhood). DO NOT GO HERE. try terroir instead.
The grilled calamari with a glass of 2004 tempranillo vega reserva on a summer Saturday evening
Not that you're coming here for the beer, but Fischer is a superb beer!
Gorgonzola, fig, proscuitto flatbread. Try it.
Try the Ijalba Crianza. It's awesome.
Great date spot! Amazing wine and make sure you try the mushroom crostini!! Superb!!
Glass of pinot noir works nicely here
a bottle of veuve rose...thats all i can say!
The new scallop pear appetizer is the most amazing dish in NYC right now.
From an ex-employee, get the scallop carpaccio, vegetable pasta, and blueberry cobbler.
Try the fish carpaccio.  Divine!
I went for a lunch today.They treat half glass of alcohol ! Up to end of Aug .That's great !!
428 Greenwich Street New York, NY 10013(bet.Vestry St.& Laight St.)phone (212)-274-0428
Try the marinated seafood appetizer -Then, a large order of the sea urchin with clam pasta.
It's all good. Definitely will return.
本格的な東京イタリアンが楽しめます！
Chicken salad, brussel sprouts, and bread is amazing
Obsessed with this joint, and its sushi counterpart downstairs
It features “Tokyo-Italian” cuisine—a strong Italian base with a subtle infusion of Japanese tastes, ingredients, and cooking techniques used to pull out the full umami found in Italian food.
Nice lunch menu at nice prices. Especially for an upscale $$$$ restaurant.
Don't forget to request a TY KU sake bomb for an extraordinary sushi experience.
Uni (sea urchin) pasta-!!!
Loved the crispy duck salad. Sushi is really good, too.
Great service and decor, well priced. The shrimp tempura roll was delish... I also really liked the fusion menu, and that I was able to order a nicoise salad too. Thumbs up!
Best lunch menu, wayyy worth it. Super nice place for the price great value
Went here today for the first time. All Green with Apple was amazing! A new favorite.
Strawberry banana peanut butter smoothie. So good.
I get the all green here and you know it's fresh since they juice it right in front of you.
Fat fighter smoothie is good. Reasonable prices for organic and vegan snacks.
Love this place they have great juices
Go for the all greens with apple ginger and lemon to get all your veggies in. My usual bfast!
Juices here are bigger and cheaper than at Elm Health down the road.
The hipster server said the $13 smoothie is actually $14 because of taxes and they "don't do change" hmm too school for cool eh?
This place is terrible--massively overpriced food with half of the menu not available, and man-handling security. Skip it and make an alcoholic smoothie at home.
Horrible. Absolutely horrible. Do you want to pay $9 for a tiny well drink? Then go here. But don't because this place will rob you and they could care less. Stop in and tell them they suck.
Jameson smoothie- YUM.
Spiked Smoothies and Juices with option of sans if you want. Birthday Cake smoothie is creamy, spiced goodness. Healer's Lemonade is like a Mean Green - will boost you right up. DJs spin, good hangout
Almost no alcohol in their smoothies. Food is much better than the drinks.
Gotta love the concept - diner meets smoothie/juice bar meets cocktails. But it's expensive (even by NY standards).
Definitely overpriced! You are most likely getting watery juice... Not what they claim to be at all. I came, I saw, I left. Won't be back :(
Too expensive for what it is. The drinks are good but who wants to drink a ton of smoothies, have other options. Music was circa 1998. Maybe would do better in Williamsburg with cheaper prices.
They are playing sports on both tv s when they should be playing telenovelas. Obnoxious drunk yelling football fans.  Epic FAIL
Expensive for a low budget atmosphere. Waaaay too bright. Trying too hard. Complicated drinks with bartenders who dont know/want to tell you about them. Hipster nightmare even for a hipster
Way too expensive.
Serving time for two drinks is at least 7-10 minutes...
Best combo $20 on Lower East Side - Waffle Fries, Cuban Quesadilla, Jamaican Beef Patties. Oh... The drinks are great too.
Who knew that one of the city’s newest hot spots would have a bar lined with blenders, kale, cucumbers, beets, apples, whey protein and the likes? A perfect spot to mingle and chat.
Try the coconut mojito smoothie - amazing! Go downstairs to the dance floor and there are real subways seats!
Try the Jameson Brown Sugar Banana Smoothie.Yes. And don't forget to check out CBU downstairs - looks like a subway. The seats and poles were actually purchased from the MTA.
The sesame pudding!!!
Get the Gyu Don or the curry (plain contains some chunks of beef but if you're particularly hungry get it with pork/chicken as well)
Come by in the evening for the end of the day discounts
Salad bar/buffet has delicious, unusual food and is pretty cheap. I got lunch for under $6. Will have to be back soon.
Great quick /healthy snack ! ideal for union square :)
Miso broth is way too salty leaving my ramen experience quite disappointing... Stick to the veg dumpling soup or watch out for the salty miso - didnt enjoy that!
Sushi to go is affordable and fresh. LOVE their avocado salad as well with Asian inspired dressing for less than $10
A nice neighborhood spot that plays jazz all day.  Try the ramen and a little bottle of sake.
Their $9 Chirashi is such a steal, and so fresh and delicious! If they've run out, you can request for one to be made for $12. So worth it.
One of the best place for cheap and yummy sushis in USQ area
Green tea mousse and sweet potato pudding ... The veggie dumpling soup is great and very filling for $6!
The Tori (chicken) nanban-don is pretty good.
Good sushi and nice little place to relax for a lunch break.
I crave their shrimp shumai on a daily basis, seriously, it's so delicious!
Cheap and good sashimi and nicely clean.
The greentea brownies at the register are great!!
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Tasty sake, beer, sushi, noodles etc at reasonable prices in a cafeteria style mellow setting.
Salmon Rice Balls for lunch are SO yummy!
Can't miss the 50% off sushi on week nights after 9 pm!
cafeteria-style Japanese restaurant (possible?) - pit stop for shoppers at Union Square
Why get in line @Joe'sShanghai or @NomWah when you've got Joe's Ginger around the corner? Seriously delicious soup dumplings &scallion pancakes, it won't hurt to be adventurous and try something new!
You really need to order 2-3 dumpling soups that to satisfy yourself. It's cheap and tasty!!!
The best soup dumplings! Get the pork  dumpling and order the green onion pancake (warning: the pancake is greasy).
Don't order a beer! It'll end up being more than the dumplings
Pork soup dumplings. That's it.
So much better than Joe's Shanghai! I prefer the straight-up pork dumplings to the pork & crab. Try one of their fried rice dishes, you won't regret it.
Come with 15 people so you can just order one of everything!
This place is the same as Joe's Shanghai, minus the crowds. Order lots of soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.
Wow, the pork soup buns are to die for!
Soup dumplings, nothing else.
The sauted seasonal greens, snow pea shoots, are delicious, and they are not on the menu?
crab soup dumpings are better than those from Joe's Shanghai
Try shanghai thick noodle stirfry, YES! (Recommended a guy grew up from shanghai). Be aware of the only lady staff at the cash counter tho, very impatient!
Try the soup dumplings! You don't have to wait in joes ginger!
Crispy chicken is worth the wait at both joe's
Go here instead of Jo's Shanghai. Same menu/chefs. Same awesome legendary dumplings. Wonderfully civilized atmosphere and friendly service unlike its tourist trap neighbor.
SO dank! Definitely go here!
As many have said...same owners/cooks as joe shanghai (tourist trap). Get the CRAB soup dumplings. I'm an eyewitness to the staff cracking open real crab for their dumplings!
The soup dumplings is comparable, not as good as queens location though, fish (seabass)  ordered wasn't as fresh though:(. If u want dumplings without the wait of other spot, come over here!
the menu is long (as menus often are in this neighborhood), but you only need order the first two things on the menu. #1. crab meat soup dumplings. #2. pork soup dumplings.
Some of the best scallion pancakes in china town.
Soup dumplings are awesome. Go here instead of Joes Shanghai.. its practically next store, shares the same cooks/menu, and you don't have to wait for a table!
Get excited: THEY ACCEPT CARD!!! Unlike most of the places here that are cash only!
Good soup dumplings!
Skip the traditional entrees and get the soup dumplings (#1 on the menu) plus another dim sum.
Sweet red bean pancake ftw!
Their crab xiao long bao is better than Joe's and Shanghai Cafe!
Authentic and underrated, way better than Joe's Shanghai.
The food here is just as good as Joe's Shanghai, atmosphere wise, I prefer Joes. But this place is a bargain compare to Joe's.They are also on delivery.com and offer a signup code chow88 to get 20%off
I have no idea what this fried whole fish dish is called (ask @markbirch) but it's damn good. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't fill yourself up with the soup dumplings because you  want to finish up with the red beans pancakes.
Advice from joe's shanghai's ex-best customer: shanghai gourmet is better, even for soup dumplings.
Great dim sum. Make sure to tell them you are vegetarian our else you'll get chicken stock in your soup.
The food here is better than Joe's Shanghai, just down the block. Plus, there's never a line.
Line at Joe's too long? This place is a great alternative.
Their scallion pancakes are the best!
Soup dumplings are awesome, but try the wonton soup - it has seaweed in it and super yummy!
Soup dumplings like Joe's, except less expensive and without the crowd and the wait!
Great dim sum!
Get special for two slices and a drink for 5 bucks
They heat up your slices just right and play the best old music!
Management is rude. Don't eat here.
$5 Lunch special, 2 slices & a soda!
While the pepperoni slice is pretty good, it's also not worth $3.50. If you're going to get anything, get the 2 slice & drink special for $5. Other than that, find another pizza joint.
Good pizza, decent prices. Take credit cards! Yay!
They take MC and Visa, no minimum!
Had to send the first round back. Burnt
Had to send the first round back. Burnt
Good pizza
$3.50 for pepperoni. Too much.
Over priced. That is all.
And in two weeks they are taking credit cards ... Calm down its coming !!!! And I highly doubt for 2.50 they are going to charge credit cuz for that have the $$$$ .. How sad !?!
Its not the worst it depends when you come in . If you come in before they close well then yeah its shity . Everything is homemade from sauce, meatballs, mushrooms,basil,eggplant. Who can say that??
the WORST PIZZA ever! give it a miss. :(
They don't accept credit cards :(
$5 for 2 slices and 16oz soda
Chicken Pad Kaprow.
The country noodles are amazing !!
Have the Kang Kai!
Les Country Noodles sont DIVINES !! À tester !!
The Panang Curry is delicious. Highly recommend it.
Try the panang curry - I love this dish. Full of flavor and spicy too. It's a must have.  (via @Foodspotting)
Beautiful atmosphere
Their steamed Thai dumplings are soooo good
Best Thai on 8th Ave in Chelsea - and the price is right!
It beats Spice and Pad Tai by a mile and friendlier service.
Try the Silom-jito. Way rocks.
Try the Chicken Pad Thai - Perfect blend of peanut and egg (via @Foodspotting)
Definitely some of the best Thai food in New York ...good value, large portions and the staff are totally on the ball. Enjoy!
Best Pad See Ew in Manhattan. Period.
Solid lunchtime option. The basil tofu's quite nice, if that's your sort of thing.
Best Thai in Chelsea.
Try the lunch special. Appetizer w/entree was $8.00
Curry Basil Fried Rice
The fountain soda is to die for.
Good food but supre long wait for lunch to come out. They need to beef up their staff.
Have the spring rolls and panang curry.
Eat for cheap: Order the Tom Kha (coconut) soup with chicken/ or tofu for $4, and a side of plain rice for $1. Mix em together for a filling meal and save money for their delicious cocktails!
The vegetable-duck basil sauce dish is absolutely scrumptious. I've had better chicken Satay, however.
Not enough salsa for chips in the mini cup. One uptight manager tries charging if you dare ask for more than 1
Not impressed. The McDonalds of Mexican.
Messy crappy burritos, everything tastes at least a bit old and they skimpy on the meat. Save your cash.
if you have a big appetite Grilled Chicken Burrito is fantastic. On the lighter side, The Mexican Gumbo is also a great choice.
Save your money and go to calexico or chipotle just a block or two away. Hell even go to tacos bell instead of here.
Burrito!!!!
more expense than chipotle, not as good. F this.
Reliably good. Just another Qdoba. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Go to Chipotle. It's never as good as I expect. Chipotle uses fresher, better and more sustainable ingredients.
This place is pretty bad. Nothing good about a steamed tortilla.
Make sure they pay attention to your order. They are notorious screw-ups.
Skip the extra calories and get your burrito naked.
Awful ughhhh think I am dieing.
Vegetarian taco bowls are great
CRAFT 2 is excellent! I usually get two hard tacos and a mexican gumbo..Great servers and awesomely tasty food.
Under NO circumstances order delivery from here. They are completely incapable of getting the order correct.
Queso is amazing!! I wish the chips had less lemon though
you must eat meat to participate in the special? how unsustainable.
Their soft shells tacos beat Chiptole's any day of the week
i like the burritos
Queso!! Queso!! Queso!! Queso!!
Nicest Qdoba in town!
The vegetarian burrito is NOT the same as the Grilled Veggie burrito. The point is that guacamole is free with the former but not with the latter ($1.50).
The bathroom here smells like a homeless shelter.
The holiday drinks are here!!!! Caramel brulée lattes for everyone!! <3
Wow, worst service ever! Psycho manager yelling at her cashiers! Avoid!
This is one of the slowest in the city
Definitely one of the better starbucks in New York
They have a great system in the AM that gets you on your way fast!
For all you oatmeal lovers out there. Pay an extra 60 cents for steamed milk! It taste ten times better
Do yourself a favor and download the app. Seamless payment system in place here.
Treat receipts are back only for espresso drinks though - March 8-14!
This building was originally Edith Whartons home...read Age of Innocence while enjoying your coffee!
Awesome friendly staff.  Make sure you register your Starbucks card.  Free birthday drink awesome
Absolute nightmare to get a coffee around 3pm.
Baristas here always get my coffee right, plus their service is great and always are in a funny mood.
Fastest moving starbucks line in town. Dont be intimidated by a long one
LOVE this Starbucks! During the morning rush they have someone take your order as you get on line. Quick and painless.
rewards members bring your receipt & they'll honor your refill even w/o your original cup!
Amazing staff no matter how busy they are it's always a great pleasure to have your coffee with a smile !
My favorite place <3
New regular spot for me in the mornings, but honestly the cashiers aren't that great or organized. Also, weird pointless guy on mic-radio 2-feet from cashiers.
Clean restrooms, power outlets and tables. Great place to work if you have time to spend.
Everyone who works at this Starbucks is really nice! We love the iced coffee on a hot day. Yum.
Pay with the iPhone app. It's fun and a taste of the future.
The wifi needs a shot of espresso.
There is only one bathroom. If you have to go, get in this line before you get in the coffee line.
Try the Shack Burger and spot it on Foodspotting!
I love the workers here
of the three in the area this one is my favorite
During the busy hours they have a Barista walk down the line to take your order. It really expedites the process!
The Special offer is not valid if you are the Mayor here. FYI
in the mornings the line is out the door. who wants to open a starbucks with me?
The best meal I've ever had. #neverforget
It's amazing. However be prepared for a 4 hour long dinner.
great food.
I want to live here. Everything about this place is perfection. Allow 4+ hours for dinner, and go with the duck for your main course.
Amazing experience. Don't forget to request a tour of the kitchen at the beginning of your meal!
Chef: Daniel Humm
Instead of wine, order an aged beer from their spectacular beer cellar.
Anything calvados. Poach lobster and beets are to die for!
I have tips for many places. Emp is perfect. The greatest place on earth. Like Miles Davis they know exact perfect thing to do at all times.
I'm in heaven.
Michelin 2012 ★★★
Special trip to the kitchen for our own personal dish : )
Grub Street off-menu dish: Lavender Duck. "The lavender-roasted duck was one of the most famous dishes before the restaurant changed its menu format. You can still call ahead to request the dish."
Probably one of the most exciting and unique menus in New York. Not to mention how respectful the entire experience is to New York history and culture.
top 5 meal of my life. you literally can not go wrong with anything on the menu. my only suggestion: ask if you can take a tour of the kitchen. thank me later.
Eat bread. Eat heavenly bread.
The wine tasting menu is a real treat. The food was so creative and the service was superb!
Certainly this is the only kitchen within the top 10 of the World’s 50 Best Restaurants that finishes a meal with a riff on that lowly New York coffee-shop staple: the black-and-white cookie.
Try the seared foie gras!
Restaurant of Swiss culinary genius Daniel Humm, the finest dining experience in the city. You don’t get a choice of dishes, but a diagram and a list of ingredients (001 212 889 0905 four courses ₤90)
Make a special occasion even more special. Do a tasting menu, the chef will also send out special bites in between, plan to spend a leisurely night, and lots of $, but totally worth it.
As good as it gets this side of Paris. Eleven Madison is the best NY, if not America, has to offer
You've probably never had caviar on cream cheese, with bagel crisps and slivers of Lower East Side pickles on the side. You can find it here. Welcome to New York!
It can be tough to get a table lately, but you can order s ls carte at the first come-first serve bar in a pinch. The El Barrio is fantastic
Those who are shocked to find some of the most sophisticated food and service in New York coming from two thirty-somethings should prepare themselves." As seen in Town & Country, March, 2012, page 64
Ask for a burger and you might get a Shake Shack course.
找欧美男士为提高英语
找一个欧美男士为伴 minidance1981@hotmail.com
售卖书法作品 可满足各种需求
售卖书法作品   有意者联系 cherryhometown@yahoo.com
For a sweet treat: try the vegan peanut butter chocolate cheesecake and vegan red velvet cupcake.
I had the vegan chicken artichoke sandwich. Not that amazing.
Try the Red Velvet Cupcake - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Peanut Butter Cheesecake - #vegan  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Soy Chai Latte (via @Foodspotting)
A good late night spot over by NYU.  The sandwiches are mediocre at best, but hey, a Vegan's got to eat!
after months i will still dream of the vegan chicken caesar salad wrap.. and the chocolate whoopie pie...
Try the Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Fantastic desserts and amazing paninis!
Had an amazing baklava cheese cake!
the vegan chicken artichoke is one of my favorite sandwiches in the city. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Fantastic vegan spot. The Andrea chicken salad sandwich is delish and don't leave without some Vegan Treats!
All the vegan menu's is sooo delicious, healthy n very interesting flavor
WARNING: While "avocado" is listed as an ingredient in many sandwiches, you instead get guacamole unless you explicitly ask for avocado!!! Regardless, still great sandwiches at reasonable prices :)
Specially the donuts! (boston cream) :p
Go for the crazy selection of Vegan Treats (but they leave this is stuff oout or in poorly-working coolers--shipments  come in Tuesday so avoid anything after Thursday).  Avoid everything else!
Try the Moroccan chicken crepe - savory + sweet!
Everything I've had here us delish. For non-vegannites the turkey wrap w Brie and apple is great! And Moroccan chk crepes are zessssty
Great omellettes and great coffe and the Asian/Latin waitress who works there on fridays is so hot...
Cakes are only delivered on Tuesday, so you probably don't wanna order any on Sunday or Monday. Other than that, this is a no-lose vegan cake situation right here.
Cakes are only delivered on Tuesday, so you probably don't wanna order any on Sunday or Monday. Other than that, this is a no-lose vegan cake situation right here.
So many amazing veggie & vegan options! They also have some excellent coffee.
It's a bit loud here with second avenue, but free wifi pw is 212 569 0966
The $3 for $5 deal is not valid.  They say they have already told Foursquare about it.
try the full menu of delicious low cost, high flavor, vegan food and deserts
Outdoor seating on 2nd ave is great for people watching. Healthy food and everything is less than $8 :)
Heads up: on Sundays/Mondays the Vegan Treats stock tends to dwindle. Go Tuesday for the restock of fresh. Also, frozen tofu!
Great vegan place! Small but still good.
My go-to vegetarian/vegan lunch destination in the East Village. Most dishes under $10. Seating is limited and tight, but the crepes will be well worth any wait.
The strawberry speed shake is legit!
The definition of a "cute little restaurant". Intimate & cozy w/great chicken parm. Attentive, friendly service. Abe will take care of you!
The pumpkin ravioli is out of this world
25 years open in NYC is no small feat - so celebrate with Cucina Di Pesce Sept. 10-13: get a $25 VIP anniversary party ticket including food & 2 cocktails in the Voice Daily Deal: http://ow.ly/du0r2
You cant go wrong with Seafood fetuccini or pumpkin ravioli!
My favorite Italian restaurant in the city all because of one dish: Spinach Penne. Also, the prices are very reasonable and there's a dessert tray!
The calamari with avocado and lemon is amazing!
Email newsletter offer for june: Receive 15% off your entire bill - mention "Summer Romance" to your waiter.
They only accept American  express!!!
15% off your bill - mention "Garden of Cucina". This is an email subscription offer that expires on May 31, 2012
Their special meal offer is real cheap and that's how it tastes :( I think I have garlic powder poisoning now
Wow. This place looks like it should serve mediocre food, but it's unexpectedly REALLY GOOD. The monkfish is delicious! Impressed! (only one negative: the bread was stale)
Poor quality - pasta was drowning in oil and overcooked - seafood skewer arrived cold with more onions and peppers than shrimp. Would not go back.
This place is great if you're hungry and need giant portions. Chicken Marsala was delicious! Highly recommend
The salmon is amazing! As are the stuffed mushrooms. Yum.
Excellent service and very well priced for a solid italian meal :)
They have the nice kind of toilet paper.
The back room is amazing! Sitting fireside on a chilly night is perfect for a romantic evening! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
the service hovers like their lives depend on it
Very cozy restaurant. The seafood fettuccine is delicious!
Get the Black Linguini with asparagus and shrimp. It is in a savory pink cream sauce with a hint of spice, SO delicious and worth every trip back.
The spinach penne is easily the best pasta dish I've ever had. Unbelievably delicious.
Mussels at the bar are a must.
Take advantage of the buy 1 get 1 free apps and drinks! The grilled eggplant is to dieeee for! :)
Every day from 4-8 p.m., patrons can score mussels marinara — for free! We’ve got to admit: After sampling this gratis bar snack, it’s hard to go back to stale pretzels and beer nuts.
Far and away my favorite date spot in the city... Cash Only.  You need to order the Broccoli appetizer.  Simple and delicious.
Not so sure about this place - first time was great, but second time around food was cold and greasy. I like this place a lot, but am kinda unsure now. Sorry cucina
2 for 1 drinks and apps at the bar from 4-8. Plus free mussels. Includes top shelf what's not to love!
The food is amazing! The atmosphere is great! Big portions, cheap prices. Ask for Stacy - incredible waitress!
Great food, drinks and dessert. Request Stacy as your waitress. She's the best!
Ask for Stacey!! She is amazing!! Best waitress ever!
Don't ask for napkins.
Try the Steak and Eggs and spot it on Foodspotting!
The white sangria is crap.  The red is good.  Also, $1 natty ice & Busch, if you are into that.
Sweet tea vodka lemonade baby!!
Go to Fat Hippo and have the Burger Fondue & Mac N' Cheese!
There's nothing fat about burger fondue.
brunch steak and eggs
Blowling green :{D
Needs a new audio system... Speakers are blown
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
Drop by Bowling Green Park on Saturday, October 23rd btw 10 AM and noon for free pumpkins and cupcakes for volunteers who help plant tulips. Visit www.downtownny.com for more details.
You can get a free geranium at Bowling Green Park on Weds., Oct. 13, 2010 from 10 AM to Noon. Just drop by for a free one courtesy of the Downtown Alliance.
5. 5 dollar. 5 dollar footloooong!
The staff all speak English. But the customers in front of you in line? Not. A. Word.
Don't be intimidated by the long line. It moves fast.
Italian bmt. To d werl
watch movies Perahu Kertas w/ teh risma =D
watch movies Perahu Kertas w/ mae
$1 empanadas and $5 drinks during happy hour!? I'll take it !
Poor service and food was dry. Better to go during dinner hours than lunch
Great service, delicious food and they topped our table of 7 with shots of delicious coquito.  The lower level has several sayings painted on the wall by De La Vega.
Ok so I have Pernil for a week. Huge portion it like 1/3 of the animal. Seems to be everyone's Birthday. Decent food and decent atmosphere. It's worth it.
Coffee flan was to die for!!!
The pernil was way too big for me
Yummy empanadas!
The decor was really nice and the food good and authentic. Cocktails were great as well. I recommend this place (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Very yummy Spanish food and excellent service 
Always order the pernil....taste just like my mother's!
Not sure why but the Fried Calamari is over cooked not feeling it hope dinner is better or I won't be back this is my 3rd time here the last two experiences were better.
Free empanadas until 6!
Pernil is too good.
Sick of your cranberry and vodka? Give your cocktail a makeover - swap the vodka for a bit of bold BULLDOG Gin.
Amazing food amazing drinks and the staff is so nice
I LOVE this place :-) trust me u will too!
Also... Am I the only one who noticed the sangria wasn't sangria?  Very disappointed when I received some sort of vodka concoction with fruit in it.  Returned it for a margarita that was premixed :(
Still in shock over how bad the food and drinks were here. Don't let the decor fool you, I've had better salads at cafe bravo.
Good place to eat, friendly servers, nice strong drinks, just a wonderful place with a good vibe!  Will come back :)
The Ropa Vieja is pretty tasty!
Rcvvv.  Inn v the. Yyyuq* p2myopookann. .Nm?jrqeqqqn.    L so nvesinètt1qqqq1q1q1plkkn.
Pernil was extremely big!
The pernil is to die for and feeds 2 also for desert 3 leches and flan are great yummmm love this place music is good have some red wine with the pernil
Be prepared if you go with a few people they don't seat you if you are all not present
Must try the ensalada de pulpo (octopus salad)!
Sangria to die for!  Red and white  :)
sangria not good
AWESOME FOOD AND SERVICE. Ask for Alysa she is great and cute
Very bland food. I got the rojo voejo which was bland. My friend got 2 items both were bland. For latino food this place is very underwhelming
The ensalada de pulpo (octopus salad) is excellent!
Mussels Yum!!!
SO good!  Live music!  Amazing food...pasta homemade!  Chianti perhaps even better!
My tip is....don't come here. I can't believe they charge 28.75 for Chinese style pepper steak that is smothered in salty marinara sauce from a jar. Everything in this place is very sad and overpriced
Oozing with tourists, expect to pay $30+for a very mediocre entree. Service is friendly with complimentary limoncello. Just way too pricy for the food quality- even for the theater district.
Ladies, you must visit the ladies room!  Spa like candlelit...so unexpected
Chris Noth is an evening regular, apparently! Food was decent, but seriously overpriced. Staff was extremely friendly and efficient though!
Great vibe.
Really cool bartender. Ask for Marjorie
Excellent service, food and atmosphere!
Tell them Ellen Resnick sent u and u will get really special treatment.. maybe a courtesy glass of vino.. xox
Pricey. Menu on foursquare is inaccurate. Prepare to spend at least $30. Great atmosphere though. Sorta touristy.
Great food, great services,wonderful singing!
Nicest bathrooms ever. Feels like a spa
25% off lunch at Da Marino when you reserve a table through BluePlateSpecial.com
Food was just ok, service bad! Way over priced for what you get! Antipasti --- don't waste your money
Bread was very BAD. But the lamb chops were fabulous. This place is a bit pricey but if your a tourist then it is a nice place to cone to. Very scenic
Da Marino220 W 49th St (Btwn Broaadway & 8th Ave), New York, NY 10019(212) 541-6601
Everything about this place is amazing! The Ladies bathroom however is the best part...goddess territory.
You have to visit the ladies room. It is worth it to see such a romantic potty. :)
Sex and the City happened here. "When I was seventeen, it was a very good year…" Big serenaded Carrie at this restaurant.
I had the most delicious Fettuccine Alfredo here a few years ago.  Tonight I had the Pink Vodka Penne Pasta and it was just as delicious!
Tiramisu is excellent!
Palm beer rocks. Women are beautiful as well.
simply delicious food! they do tack on a service charge, but it was only around 10%.
Rip off. Food is good but watch adding on cost to meals and adding on cost of entertainment. They do it on purpose.
Excellent service ,great food
The fetta cheese salad is royal! Heavy and very very filling. I lift heavy and this salad takes care of two of my meals.
Cycle Cafe is the first in New York City. Bike, Cafe and Internet come together at the Cycle Cafe,rent a bike,surf Internet, use Skype when you drink your coffee, we serve Breakfast,Lunch and Dinner.
Super helpful and pleasant. I needed help
Actors Equity members show your card for 10% off!
They have gorgeous fruit juices & fresh veggie juices! A must visit if you're trying the Crazy Sexy Diet in NYC.
Says FOR RENT on the outside.
Check Out Halo's #LunchSpot Of The Day
Really good menu with lots of tasty choices
The homemade potato chips are awesome. Hot and crispy.
Bacon and egg roll!!!!!!
The homemade Greek food here is great, especially the lemon potatoes.
Nice lunch menu.
The drinks here are cheap yet well made... everyone wins!
Good food. Big portions. Tasty Tuscan Steak and great cheesecake.
This place sucks!!!!Food was Horrible...its more indian then italian avoid!
Closed. Was a cute and cheap eat in the hood.
Love the mapo tofu lunch special
Skip the lunch specials for the entrees: green pepper fish, shredded potato strips, herbal spring bamboo, sliced beef tendon
One Michelin star.
Michelin 2012 ★
The #6 lunch special (chicken stir-fried with 3 types of hot peppers) is wonderfully spicy and somehow refreshing on a nasty muggy heatwave day
Best mapo tofu!
Braised beef at Lan Sheng Chili-heads can skip the mapo tofu and go straight for the unassumingly named braised beef: It’s the spiciest item on the menu at this midtown Szechuan spot. Even the rest...
Stir fry chicken and dan dan noodle.
The dan dan noodles appetizer is out of this world.
The restaurant boasts authentic and inexpensive Sichuan cuisine. It offers really good spicy fillets and tasty tanyuan, sticky rice ball with sesame fillings.
Order the Ma Po tofu and the fish hot pot. You will love your tingly tongue.
Ma Po Tofu. Of course.
two words: bacon pizza! YUM YUM YUM
I actually really dug this place. We even filmed a "Best in the City" segment here. (see video link) Midtown is a cheap-decent eats wasteland. So glad I can get lunch here for $2.75. :-)
Horrific!!! there is no sauce on my pizza and everything else us bland as all hell
Better than two brothers across the street!!!
There's better cheazza than this. Emergency only!
$2.75 for two healthy slices and a can of soda.. Can't beat it!!
Worse $1 pizza ever.
The atmosphere is really nice, it's a romantic spot for a date but the top 40 music didn't really fit.
Yelp has a check in deal for a free glass of wine :)
The Zuppa Rustica is amazing. Load on the parmesan!
get the Pizze Bianca (mushrooms, cheese and truffle oil) with prosciutto added. so tasty
Best pizza on UWS
Great lasagna!
Great neigborhood gem- food fantastic, affordable & friendly!!
Great place to have pizza and wine .. Check out the night out with the fam.
great traditional pizzas! lovely bases
The best chicken panini on the UWS. The bread is freshly made and to die for.
Order the lamb chops @Bettola...one of my favorites on the upper west side
South African pudding is delish!
Avoid, used to love this place. Now they have a bad attitude, and overpriced mediocre food. 3 strikes now they are out :(
If you ever see our waiter, please let him know we're ready for the check.
The giant meatball rocks!
Order the guac
Tip Adrian for a job well done!
Get the curried mussels!
Don't let Tolani get lost in the clutter of UWS. A hidden gem.
Oh. My. Gorg. Talk about writing ambiance -- huge wooden bar, exposed brick and sparkly chandeliers. Wait staff is really friendly and won't mind you hanging at the bar with your laptop.
I wasn't impressed with the vegetarian spaghetti; bland and not at all filling. Pear Bellini was great and the service was awesome. I'd come back but order something else.
If you go for brunch, get the chilaquiles.
Franko borok, finom etelek es kedves szemelyzet. Meno!
Finom borok, finom etelek, kedves kiszolgalas.
Adrian, the South African bartender is awesome.
Don't get too attached to anything on their menu. They never have it.
Watermelon martini is so refreshing!
Great food, and love the service!
The food is gross, not sure about the wine. Will not be coming back unfortunately.
Great cocktails, fresh fruit yesss
The beet salad is to die for. Great service as well.
Really amazing ahi tuna nicoise
For a "wine restaurant", the wines here are largely unremarkable. The food is tasty, however.
Try the bread pudding!  Also check out the downstairs and garden for your next private party.
Get the fish tacos, they are awesome!
Love the food and wine pairings every other Monday! Perfect start to the week :)
...the blood orange margaritas are to die for.
Great happy hour deals with tasty bar food & try their Giant Meatball!
Get the vegetarian spaghetti. I'm not vegetarian and it's amazing. The pinotage-when they get it back in is HEAVEN in your mouth.
Check out a middle-aged lady in a Brett favre jets jersey making out w a bald dude to a Debbie gibson remake.
Every day, 4 to 7, a free tspa with each drink ordered
Rice is good
Closed on the weekends
Coconut chocolate yum
Check out the cute valentines cupcakes and cookies they have!
Hide your kids, hide your wife... And hide your husband cuz they're rapin everybody out here.
Hot apple cider...yum! Be careful tho, the new lids sometimes leak all over you
They have no bathroom.
They're back to never having corn muffins past 10am on weekends, after a good period where they properly stocked themselves with muffins in the morning. Ugh
Peach cobbler cupcake is unreal!! Definitely try it you won't be disappointed.
Come here, look at the calorie counts, and lose your appetite
Staff is very friendly and helpful, and the coffee is better than Starbucks
I've never had to wait much in lines at this location. It's got nice bar seats and floor-to-ceiling windows. And I've got lots of love for the s'mores cupcake.
Red Velvetttttt
Best peach tarts ever!
Red velvet is the greatest
Cupcakes -- Big fan of red velvet!
Best corn muffin in NYC.
I love the bold coffee with a flavor shot in it!
The baba booey is chocolate and peanut butter is awesome. And yes, that red velvet one is also awesome!
Red Velvet whoopie pies are DELICIOUS
too many choices! one of each please!
Great beer selection here. Also, don't be afraid to ask for the soy bacon cheeseburger with fries if you don't see it on the dinner menu... it never lets me down.
We got Gnocchi, eggplant and pine nut seitan. Soooooo delicious, probably the best vegan restaurant I have been to! Staff is really friendly and atmosphere is awesome.
V'note got a health rating of A with 6 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/22759
black eyed pea cake w/ spicy topping! soooo good.
Gnocchi is great!
Part wine bar, part vegan bistro.  If you can only order one thing here, make sure it's the Roasted Pumpkin & Sweet Potato Gnocchi.
Staff is very friendly and service wonderful. Food was great and atmosphere laid back and nice. Will definitely return! Worth a visit for sure!!
Their soy bacon veggie cheeseburger is out of control. It's only on the lunch menu, but if you sit at the bar you can order either of V-Note's 2 veggie burgers for dinner.
I love the drinks
Definitely try the Medallions Au Poivre. Phenomenal.
Black-eyed pea cake is awesome! Also has the Lentil Rings, equally as good!
Try the Chocolate Ganache Cake With A Peanut Butter Center. - #amazing #vegan #dessert  (via @Foodspotting)
They have real bacon in the back if you ask nicely.
Appetizer: The potato salad with the seitan schnitzel is delicious. The schnitzel itself was mediocre at best. Entreé: Mushroom Ravioli needs some salt and defined herb seasonings. Sauce is just ok.
The BLT rivals any non-vegan BLT out there. So good!
chicken cutlet sandwich was amazing!
the 4 grilled vegetable sampler plate
Mushroom phyllo app is amazing and they have Live music every Wednesday and Friday 7:30-10:30
Sit at the bar and order a glass of wine! Not the cutest but cute!
Pistachio & Pepper Dusted Tofu is gorgeous!
Get the crab cakes, black-eyed pea cake and the chocolate ganache cake!
Try the Seitan Schnitzel - Breaded seitan medallion, potato salad, crisp cheddar, and blueberry reduction. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Country Breakfast - Tofu scramble, french toast, and soy sausage. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bacon Cheeseburger - Soy Bacon Cheeseburger caramelized onions, vegan cheese, soy bacon, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, chipotle aioli, sesame roll. (via @Foodspotting)
The seitan steak Au poivre is amazing! You could easily slide this to a meat eater after a 1/2 bottle of biodynamic wine and they'd love every bite.A great place to avoid "meat-head" weekend crowds.
Save room for the chocolate peanut butter ganache. Delicious!
Some of the best vegetarian food in the city paired with an extensive list of bio-dynamic, sustainable and organic wines.
The folks behind Blossom expand with this organic vegan tapas spot, featuring organic wines and beers to match.
The Seitan Medallions are excellent
Chicken Tomato and meatball slices. Best decision I continue to make.
Beef Patty with Cheese.
The buffalo chicken pizza is the best thing there. Amazing!
This place has great food, open late and family run.
The Best in the neighborhood.
Italian Village is my favorite pizza joint to go to when I visit NYC. I dream about their perfect pizza slices daily. Extra garlic powder, please.
Pepperoni and white slice are amaaaaazing. Get it late night.
Get the Chicken Tomato Slice and you won't regret it.
The plain slice right out of the oven,  go for it. Mushroom and eggplant are nice too.
Best place for a late slice. They offer a whole italian menu till about 4am. They deliver late too.
I have been going here since i was 5. I love this place! Always good food and the people here are wonderful!
Soooo good
Awsome food! Saiyai, you must have the wrong place because this place is amazing!! There is another Italian Village in the city so maybe you are referring to that one.
Love this pizza! Open late, around the corner, the old guys are nice to my wife. An all around consistent win.
Worst pizza in NYC. Seriously I gave this places too many chances and their pizzas always smell rotten to me
heavy on the cheese if you like that kind of pizza
The best local UES pizza
So cute. Great for an event
You can get cheaper coffee to go across the way in David Burke Box
french fries with trufle amazing!!
The Groupon offer is a great deal! I found the lobster bisque mediocre, the short ribs were very good, nice and tender but the creme brûlée made my night!!! So delicious!!!
Truffle fries!
This place has no atmosphere. Food incredibly bland.
Sangria is weak and watered down with ice.
Everything tasted frozen. Overpriced and not worth it.  Huge fan of DB but seems like just slapped his name on this one.
Grab this Deal: David Burke at Bloomingdale’s: $79 3-course prix fixe dinner for 2 http://bit.ly/wazAbe
Delicious! The food is big enough to split. And sweet potato fries were PERFECT.
The double stuffed burger challenge is the best!
The Ruben with sweet potato fries was good but the portion was huge!
The Lobster Bisque is not to be missed!! It's so good!
Amazing lobster and bacon mac & cheese. The service is excellent too.
Very slow service
Try the Swedish Mule cocktail - Karlsson's Gold Vodka with ginger beer, bitters, and lime juice!
Great place for lunch at Lexington and 59st...
Sadly, service is annoying. Rude, curt. Popover was burnt.
Food is average. Had chicken tortellini soup w/a lil grilled cheese and shrimp/lobster sliders. Service bad. Mgr shouting across room. $$$$$$. Just Get the $1 popover to go. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Shuba is an amazing manager/host that will make your experience here superfluous  :)
Maple bacon with jalopeno peppers is an amazing culinary delight you have probably never imagined :)
The Lobster Bisque is amazing! The apple really makes the soup, you wouldn't think so, but it does!
Most Fantastic Service!!!
Eh, underwhelmed. Service was so stressed as frazzled, I ordered the arugula pizza and asked for no red sauce, when it came, it had red sauce and undercooked. Definitely a pass next time
The complementary cheddar popovers must have really wooed me as this is my favorite department store cafe. The cowboy chili is large and in charge.
Great food, everything on the menu is top. However the soup I have been told isn't all that (lobster something). Full bar too so you can make shopping even more fun!
Ask for Ashley, absolutely the best here.
French Fries!
very courteous staff. food is decent too. try the vegetarian pizza. also heard they are known for the sliders.
The dumpling duo is my fav!!!! Mmmm
Cool atmosphere, a sandwich called the Pretzel Panini was damn good. Dana, tha manager, makes it great.
The sea urchin is fresh frm California daily.The peanut & avocado roll was definitely delicious. Cocktail list is great. Chilean honey sea bass was a great portion the Gyoza was amazing wit piña sauce
The chirashi special is delicious!
Sashimi is to DIE for! 
Love the naruto-rice free sushi, great when you're South Beaching!
Steamed veggie dumpling & spicy salmon roll = heaven :-)
beat sake-tini's in NYC.
The fish portion size in maki rolls = win
Great lunch special - good, quick service
The harushika extra dry sake is a great deal. Ask for a cucumber to go with it. So refreshing!
Great sushi rolls!!!
The sea bass rolls are great
Good cheap sushi. But awful service!
Great barmaid Sandra and good Asian food too
It was very good
Lychee martinis here are fabulous!
Great portions and price...service could use some work...but really good food
Great fish quality and generous cuts. Tenzan is my favorite local sushi place, both for dine in and delivery. Good ambiance in this location too.
Nice, tasty but unbearably noisy.
Sushi is great, and lunch combo is ridiculous! They give you a ton of food!
Rolls are terrible.  Almost no rice at all.
Lychee martinis with Chambord. Nice friendly staff & bartender too! A few too many suits, but hey, it's midtown!
Lych
Fresh Berry Lemonade: just what I needed after a very long day!
Chilean Seabass Roll.. Amazing, even if you don't particularly like onions! And you won't find it anywhere else.
Great rolls! Good price
Peanut avocado roll = to die for!!!
Recommended by Mimi, it is now on my "try it cause it's local list"
King Crab soup is ridic!
Order the gyoza here, it's excellent.  The green tea is great too and unlimited.  My favorite Japanese restaurant in midtown east.
Good neighborhood Chinese restaurant with friendly staff.  Reasonable and tasty lunch specials.
Hmm. Maybe I should have checked the tips before wandering into here. It's pretty sub par.
Lousy chinese
Don't bother
Cheapest berries in town and always ripe to perfection
Be ready to fight for a chair.
Nice, relatively large space, but be warned that the free Wi-Fi is so slow as to be nearly useless. Late-90s dial up slow.
Get here early for a bagel!
Slowest service ever. Don't come here if you're in a rush.
Service is at a good speed!
Always out of bagels on weekends in the afternoon
Oh my - so bad at making chai lattes! They never taste right. Gave up. Otherwise, I like the hustle and bustle of this place.
Try the clover brewed coffee, it is the best.
A vanilla double shot latte is pretty close to the vanilla double shot canned drink that they used to hold :)
A gaggle of geese like hangs out here on the weekends. Bring your headphones.
Tons of space for sitting, lots of outlets.
Fight for one of 3 comfy chairs!!
If you want an afternoon coffee here on the weekday, get here before 3 to beat the after school rush
Avoid the after school rush, when it gets mobbed by French-speaking high schoolers.
Get the Clover brew. You're worth it.
Not a huge fan of this one. They're usually out of something, but the venue's pretty good.
No matter what time of day or year...always crowded. On Thanksgiving morning at 9am- every seta was full. It's my closest Starbucks though, so I love it.
One of the most crowded places in New York. I keep looking for the bus terminal, train depot, or airport nearby but can't find it.
Love the Fast pace
This Starbucks is on 75th St and First Ave (not 76th St)
Fight for an outlet!
Large location with tons of tables. Enjoy people watching!
Crappy pizza, ok BLT. No one speaks English, but they do sell beer.
Pretty decent pizza, and fast service
Bad pizza. Never again.
Used to be better. Now terribly overpriced and the service is horrible.
Total rip off. The other night my wife and I went and bought a whole pie for us and friends. Because it was after 1am they charged us per slice. $38 for 8 slices. Never again!
Just keep walking. Not worth getting food poison here
Pizza is okay. Try Rigoletto off 70th and Columbus.
Leave and never come here
Best pizza
The beef patties have a decent amt of meat inside. I respect that.
The woman working the register is on a hands free headset fighting with her boyfriend I think. Stay out of her way..she's fierce and will tell you the real deal like color in motion.
Average pizza, awful (slow, surly) service. Don't know who ray is, but I'm not a fan.
This is not the original Ray's.
Had an Italian ice...  Watermelon.   It seems they don't sell much Italian ice.    But after the top translucent layer of frost, it was pretty tasty.
Health sandwich is always excellent. French toast on Sunday morning are a bliss.
Mediterranean platter was great. the quiche was one of the worst quiche I've ever eaten. Overpriced.
Health sandwich is delicious and service is great and super fast when the place isn't packed.
Don't come here if you want a cheeseburger
$8.71 for soup - awwww hellll nawwwwww
U Cafe - worst. lunch. ever. Service to match.
This place is an icebox
Do not spend money or your time here. They take your money and make you wait for your fries while your food sits there cold. When you ask for a refund, they laugh.
WHY IS THE MUSIC SO LOUD
Food is awesome
Good paella!
Food is ok, but there is bottomless sangria with brunch. They stop serving sangria after your entree. I'm not coming back.
Unlimited sangria! Duh!
The food is great, the music even better, check-in for a great shot. A great venue for a small party, a great place to catch a drink or have a romantic dinner.
Super awesome happy hour!! $5 drinks (sangria and well) $5 food appetizers!!!
Hidden spot. Totally unexpected find up here. Unlimited sangria brunch until 2:30 pm but don't get fooled, this place gets packed EASILY so go a little earlier if you want to get in on the deal.
For $19.95 you get unlimited sangria with your meal, too bad the special deal of a free shot on check in doesn't apply during brunch or on weekends... Don't expect to redeem the special then
3 course brunch for under $20?! yes please!
Try the Flan - Flan time (via @Foodspotting)
$35 pitcher of sangria. Theed white one is ok.  happy hr 4 to 7, $5 drinks, $5 appetizers. empanada trio was really good. Tres leche was good. Belgium chocolate cake was rich. Will try brunch next
You're at one of East Harlem's most popular restaurants close to my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate www.elliman.com/brianphillips
Thursday nights at don Pedro's means great food, great ambiance and live salsa!  Dare you to dance between the tables!!!
Drinks and Sangria are great ! Food is excellent, can't go wrong.
Great bottomless Sangria. Chicken empanada - on the money!
Come here for lunch (: Not everything on the menu looks good, but the squid ink rice and the chicken skewers are great. My absolute favorite is the pastelon - incredible mix of flavors. :)
$20 brunch was A-OK.  Braised chicken was tasty but marinated pork chop was awesome!   Make sure you bring your appetite and party mood - loud techno music is the soundtrack to the meal!
The brunch deal on weekends is the best. Ask for Walter, he's the greatest!
Great brunch, good sangria, good service!
We usually do a collection of small plates -- works out well. Great seafood dishes.
Great service, very kind and sweet ppl. A bit expensive with portions not being too big but definitely tasty! ;)
Brunch is horrible. Watered down sangria and over-heat-lamped food.
Awesome mohitos! Friendly staff! Great food!
Good service, small portions
Weekend brunch!
Get a table on the second floor to enjoy the Flamenco on Wednesday nights, or Salsa on Thursdays. Unlimited Sangria during the 3-course brunch for $19.95!
Had a blast with mojitos, empanadas, and these fried chicken pieces.  The popcorn and bread that comes complimentary to the table is unbelievable.
A hidden spot cuz of the construction on 2nd avenue this is nice cozy restaurant.  The food and drinks were good and well priced.  The only complaint was the one person bathroom and they overbooked us
Get the mango drink. Taste great
I tried the Lobster roll and it was fantastic
Lots of lobsterrrrrr. Nice pickle too.
Lobster Blt = best thing ever
They carry Robicelli's whoopie pie for dessert. Pretty darn tasty ...
Get the Connecticut Lobster Roll.
Pricey, but the lobster BLT is unforgettable. Lobster+Bacon! The bun is crunchy to perfection and the butter makes it better.
Red Hook Lobster Pound Truck will be rollin' to the Village Voice's Choice Streets food truck tasting event on 4/24 at Pier 86 / The Intrepid! More info here: http://ow.ly/9M1oK
The warm Connecticut style lobster roll is my favorite in the city. What's great is they've at most every flea market and food truck rally so they're pretty easy to catch.
Try the lobster mac n cheese....
Village Voice is excited to have Red Hook Lobster Pound at the 2012 Choice Eats food fest! Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Get the Lobster BLT--it's a better deal at only $10...and bacon makes everything better.
Lobster Mac n Cheese all day!!
Blueberry soda is delish
Great NE Clam Chowder
in #fiDi on Thursdays
I always go with the Connecticut style because what's better with lobster than buttery goodness?  It pricey but then again luxury aint cheap baby!
The Maine-style roll is lathered with homemade mayo; the Connecticut-style is tangy and delicious with butter. (It's hard to choose.) Make sure to try one of the super-sweet whoopie pies, too.
maine-style is the only option. it tastes even better if you get a whoopie pie, too.
Lobster rolls are great, but don't overlook the shrimp rolls. Cheaper and really delicious.
The shrimp roll is very good and more economical than the lobster roll.
The Conneticut Lobster Roll is worth every penny. Don't pass by this truck!
Disappointing. Luke's Lobster needs a food truck.
Worth every penny! Connecticut-style is the only way to go - though they should grill the bun in butter instead of just toasting it. Otherwise, perfection!!!
Spending $19 for lunch at a food truck is an expensive way of learning you don't like lobster rolls.  Maine style was good, but I just expected more for $19...
Maine style is the way to go.
Connecticut style is the way to go
EVERYTHING IS GREAT!
Try the classic Maine style with a Blueberry Root soda the combo will knock your socks off!
If you see the truck anywhere nearby, run and treat yourself to a classic Maine lobster roll...perfectly toasted bun topped with whole chunks of succulent lobster
Bone in filet, lobster Mac and cheese, bacon potatoes, and calamari. This place does justice. 9/10
Great Caprese salad
VIP martini is the best!
Been here 3 times and have yet to eat anything I didn't absolutely love.  The service has always been tip top too!
One of the greatest steakhouses in New York, outstanding service full coziness and welcoming.  The steak is a real soul food compensates the price!
The steakhouse salad is, um, modest by chowhound standatds. With a deviled egg. It is just an excuse for a good piece really.
The best is sitting at the bar upstairs - if on your own or with 2 - eat there - the team is amazing - during the week - Andrea, Steve and the team are great!
Let us take care of u!!
Get the 32oz wagyu.
Make it a four star kind of night on your way to see a show at Roseland or Best Buy Theater nearby with this classic steak house. More than just steak...try the crabcakes or the lobster mac & cheese!
Service is great! Steak tartar is the best I've ever tried!
Had Shrimp appetizer, Del Salad and the Prime Ribeye. Chocolate Moose for desert.  It was awesome! The warm, soft, sesame bread is out of this world!
Make sure you have the bone on rib eye (if available) the best steak I've ever eaten!
Prime rib eye,onion rings,lobster mac and cheese..and u get ur fabulous steak!gonna try spinach supreme next time
Most of the side dishes are large enough for two people.
Their lobster mac and cheese is delicious. Great side with one of their steaks.
Waiter said "request the point" beat seat in the house. Crab cakes are a must.
Best Steak I've ever had in my life!!! On weekdays there is a 3 course business lunch for $35!! At night time you'll pay wayyyyy over $100 for the same meal! I try to visit here everytime I'm in NYC!!
Great service and of course the meat is gorgeously good ! It's true, it's expensive but worth the buck in my opinion.
Holy S. this place is good
ahi tuna tacos
Everything was perfect. The lobster and creme brulée are excellent
I always frequent this steakhouse. I like the ambiance, the servers, and of course - the food! I recently tried the crab cakes, and it was delicious! But for 22 bucks plus tax and tip? Debatable.
Amazing service. Four people waited on us tonight and everything was prompt.
$15 steak tips are the bomb!!
Secret drink not on the menu: Del's Delight. Amazing after dinner cocktail
you must try the crabcake！ has a nice kick to it
Get the bacon. It's not on the menu and it takes as long as your steaks to come out but it's worth it.
Doing a bit of day drinking? A Bloody Mary made with BULLDOG Gin is calling your name.
Best crab cakes anywhere! Afternoon bar staff rocks! Lots of fantasy football talk to be had!
Delicious brazilian food! Cheap and amazing thematic circus decoration!
Listen to the waiters. They know what to recommend to you.
The Best Brazlian Restaurant in New York City. Intimate and Elegant setting. Reservations preferred. Expensive, but worth the price. Excellent food and service. They never disappoint.
Not the best food I've had, and the brazilians there talk way too much about others.
Can't go wrong with caipirinhas, pastel de frango, churrasco, and pudim de leite (flan). Great place!
Order the pastel. Brazilian meat patty.
The place smelt pretty good. The coffee was mediocre. Don't really understand what the hype is allAbout. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Best salads ever why did i ever bypass this place
Vietnamese baguette is pretty good if you don't expect a real banh mi. Add sriracha.
Staff are great, the manager is particularly helpful.
Spicy shrimp wrap for breakfast!!!
Quickest healthy lunch option (it's grab-and-go) when the concourse is jammed.
The sea salt popcorn is super yummy!!
Oatmeal is a watery mess. Avoid!
Best chocolate chip cookie on earth - and warm. Fastest fix for a bad day. Try throwing at your boss' head for an even faster fix
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
The oatmeal is super good - you can ask them to not add anything to it so you can eat it later.
Be honorable and check in only if me and danny howell are in the building at the same time
Don't bite the meat attached to a hand that feeds you meat......
The best brown and yellow in town!
Don't bite the hand that feeds you meat.
Food good, service bad.
Decent food, lousy service.
Great nautical atmosphere with a wide variety of delicious menu selections. The brussels sprouts and the red velvet cake are not to be missed!
They are kid friendly although earlier the better
Get the crab cakes!
Meh. My memory of this place was far superior to the food. Absolutely mediocre  cuisine.
The salmon with caramelized Brussels sprouts and crunchy leeks is delicious!
This restaurant typifies the upper east side.  Amazing food/atmosphere/service
Good trout w capers
Crab cakes
crab cakes and spinach is awesome
if Nicholas is your cashier, his kindness makes up for the extremely long wait for your drink.. he welcomes everyone as they walk in the door, that's a good example of customer service!
Most expensive jamba ever!
Wow, I waited a full 27 minutes for my juice and then they had to remake it because it didn't fill the cup.  #fail
THEY ARE SSSSSSSSSLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Barely any seating so don't assume you'll be able to get one.
Not only slow, but also disorganized. :(
Slowest jamba ever
Yes. So slow. God awfully slow
The service is a bit slow... Waited 20 minutes for my smoothie...
Smoothies are good.... But the crew is incredibly slow.  So if you're in a rush, don't come here.
Takes longer to get served here than at a sit down restsurant.
Don't come here- waited 20 minutes for two drinks and my mango a go go was almost entirely ice with no mango flavor
I get the same thing every time, every location.  But I waited over 10 minutes & it was the WORST I've ever had.
Disappointed at wait for a drink. They Need to hire more staff during lunch... But when you finally get your drink on a hot day.. Everything's all better.
this one of the slowest locations i have been to. beware if your in a rush. try the strawberry lemonade it is very refreshing.
Not vegetarian friendly..they never have spinach and cheese wraps.
Energy boost are free! :)
Slightly disorganized :/  but worth the wait
I'm standing here watching four people behind the counter stare at each other while only one of them appears to be doing something. They have made one smoothie in ten minutes.
Also still very slow...
Make sure you ask them to not make it watery
Take the Juice and go across the street to the worlds most amazing library     #MOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOO
$1-$2 Smoothies Jan 6-19. Start the New Year healthy!
Anything w/ Peanut Butter is good, but watch out for those hidden calories. 100cals per teaspoon. WHOAH.
Very slow!!!!!
Jambalicious.
this is my fav afternoon spot on the walk home from the old jobr. very friendly staff too
Sooo slow and dumb!
SLOWEST JAMBA JUICE EVER. Only one person making smoothies.
Orange Carrot Karma...delish!
The "Windex" cocktail tastes like, well, Windex.
Delicious food and the owners take pride in the menu! very authentic.
Hennessy margaritas - straight dilution.
Early Bird Special - Two Full Meals For $10.99, One Full Meal for $5.99.             Mon - Thr 11:30 to 6 p.m. Fri, Sat & Sun 11:30 a.m. To 5 p.m.
Blue Hawaii!!! :)
The beverages are Awesome!!!!
Tsunami's r awesome!!
This location blows compared to others in the city. Food was cold and dry even after second attempt. One guy had green in his steak. Drinks are good. Manny rocks behind the bar!
Early Bird
The best buffalo wings!
Tsunami is relish! :-)
The wings are HUGE! The new Angry Shrimp is amazing!
the chicken isnt even cooked well...
Piña Colada Time
If you love sticky wings...this is the place for them!
Dam they slow as shit waiting for our Dinner for 30 mins ugh!!!
Take out order!
My Mother-In-Law introduced us to this Dallas BBQ location 15-17 years ago - today at 91, she continues to enjoy eating the full Rack of Ribs & don't forget her Johnny Cake - god-forbid!
This is a great place to unwind after a trip to the Hublot boutique.
Can't beat a Cornbread & Chili lunch for under $5.
Early bird special 2 full meals for only $9.99 before 6pm mon thru thur
Yummy Cheeseburger with fries!  The BEST!
Baby back ribs with a baked potato and cup of vegetable soup...and can't forget their alcoholic  Texas sized drinks = HEAVEN!
You can actually find parking around here
babyback ribssss.....<33
Cherry bombbb!!!!
Get the blue balls!
Babyback robs extra sauce with warm buttered corn bread
Pineapple crush is delicious
You must get the Hong Kong style lo mein!
Single lobster with rice $14.95. Twin for $21.95. Garlic, black bean both amazing.
The look leaves much to be desired, but for lunch it is ok. Cheap Chinese food, quick service, huge portions. Try noodles. Especially seafood soup with spinach noodles. It is big enough for 2!
The Shu Mi is great
Best food around
Stay away from the Szchuan* dumplings.  It's like eating paper out of a jar of peanut butter.
God forbid you come close to closing time.
Try the Noodles!
The oxtail special on Wednesday and Friday is delicious. Just get there earlier since it sells out.
Good food and fast service
Get 10% off here with the DailyGobble app.  Really good noodles!
Go somewhere else for lunch. This is the worst place for fried rice I've ever been to.
Best egg roll in midtown
it doesn't look good... but the food is not bad. They dont cheap out on the meat too and the service is pretty good, very attentive!
Not as good as Chinatown, but not bad for this neck of the woods.  You can order off menu.
They have started a Late Lunch deal. From 3-6pm their lunch menu is discounted by $2.
If you like spice and you like shrimp, get the Fried Baby Shrimp with Salted Pepper.  OMG delicious!
Roast pork noodle soup = lots of pork yumm
Pork chow fun is what I order. My wife loves their sauteed string beans.
Really good food amid the rundown decor.
have the oxtail special on Wednesdays and Fridays. go on the early side, as it always sells out
Best coffee on the Upper East Side. If you get a large latte be sure to get an extra shot of expresso.
Best regular coffee in the area, well worth the extra few pennies.
Easy access to Irving coffee & Balthazar croissants on the UES. Done & done
Nothing to write home about. This chocolate mint frapp is simply okay.
Say hello to Sam if he is in. Best coffee in NY
Saturday and Sunday they have the best waffles in the city. (I like them crispy with fresh fruit in the side. )
Best ice coffee ever
Caramel frappuccino. Sweet. More expensive than starbucks...Alot of little treats, yogurt, pastries. A little cafe to sit and read.
Expanded and renovated a few weeks ago, same great coffee with more dining space!
Best iced coffee
Best ivedr coffee
Omelettes and bagels, lox and cream cheese are surprisingly delicious, and fairly priced.
Great latte but they only give you one shot of espresso.
Chai tea frappuccinos. Do it.
They have doughnut plant doughnuts! But no wifi! Get with the times people.
No wifi! They brew Irving Farms coffee. Not bad. Like a smaller, friendlier, well-lit 71 Irving Place.
perfect place to get a toasted bagel. but make sure you get there in the morning if you like it nice and toasty. the afternoon shift doesn't understand the importance of perfectly toasted bagels.
I'm here everyday the dying breed a local java joint
Iced chai is delicious but the A.C. really sucks.
delicious chicken salad, not too mayonnaise-y
Best cappuccino on UES and far more neighborhood-y than Starbucks.
Nice little friendly neighborhood breakfast joint and a solid little coffee shop. Great to sit back with wifi and get some stuff done.
Beware, when a hot woman in a strip club asks for anything, you will somehow be paying for it later. That drink you buy her will come with strings attached.
A little pricey - but well worth it!
This is my go-to neighborhood spot. Amazing food and drinks and upbeat atmosphere. The staff is welcoming and friendly. Braised beef and shrimp tacos are excellent choices. Good margaritas too!
You may recognize Executive Chef & Co-owner Angelo Sosa from Top Chef. He's a CIA graduate! Read more about him here:
Short rib tacos are AMAZING. Great tequila selection. Also get the churros.
Short rib tacos are da bomb!
Tequila bar... Enough said :)
Order their Añejo margarita by the pitcher with the ceviche trio. Hea. Ven.
They have both Blanco and Anejo Margaritas on tap, using pure agave nectar and freshly squeezed lime. Amazing.
Barman recommended the Riazul Añejo. Killer!
The pork is the best.
Named best Margarita in NYC by the Village Voice...need I say more? - Tyler French, Hunting Season
Skip the tamales and go for the tacos.
Great service and the best part is their margarita. Yes, it is a bit pricey, but absolutely worth it! No sugary concoction here.
Amazing homemade red Sangrias at Sunday brunch!
Wanted to eat here for awhile and have to say I was let down. The food is overpriced & portions small. The margaritas are super tiny for the price. You are better going to Ponche on 49th
Hit up happy hour daily till 7pm for $8 margaritas.  Regardless of how fresh, margs out of a tap shouldn't be $12 bucks!
Sit outside, very hot during summer. Also quite pricey. $12 for 2 small tacos
Not impressed.
Shrimp tacos are amazing. Margaritas are too small and owe priced. Service (while friendly) is mediocre at best
Try the Riazul Tequila flight. Amazing!!!
Can't say how blessed I feel Angelo has opened restaurants on either end of my block not once, but twice!
Order a bud light.
Great food horrible service.
Best Margarita's on the planet... no kidding!
Pair your tequila with the queso fresco braised with ancho chiles and corn dumplings with charred corn and chorizo:
Ask for the all bottomless brunch option.
Anejo margarita's are great! Try the trio of guacamole. .. Really tasty.
Get the fish tacos, they're fantastic.
Fish tacos were delicious. The quac is some of the best I've had in the city. Careful, the margarita's are so good they go down incredibly easy. Service was great with Angelo.
The food was good ( short rib tacos and mushroom tamale were delicious)  but the service, drinks, and small crowded tables left us all unimpressed.
The Chorizo Tamale : 10 out of 10.  Village Voice apparently ranked their margaritas # 1 in town.
Conveniente ubicacion y buenas habitaciones. Pero las cortinas no cubren todavla luz por las mananas.
Loved the drinks
Best tortilla soup!!!!
Ummm... No alcohol is served here anymore.  Not sure what happened.
Don't order the quesadilla, it doesn't have enough cheese and its soggy.
Service was fine, and the food was ok. Not great just ok. Had some good drink specials.
Amazing Service...Very popular at dinner so it gets a little crowded.  Food is so delicious.  Try the Jungle Burger!
Avoid! Bar was recently closed by health inspector, but they were still serving food during lunch... gross.
Slow service but the tacos are good. Order at least 3 or I guarentee you, you won't be full.
Great prices. Food and service just ok.
Beef El Dorado Tacos are FTW. Like an higher grade taco bell. Guilty pleasure. SMH
There's a sexy bartender Thursday nights!!
The burritos are bland. Ask for them to put the hot salsa inside your burrito.
Try the tacos it's awesome!!!
Great place! Bartender Daniel and Waiter Fernando are wonderful!
awesome place! Beef salad is amazing!
Decent but overpriced
Apparently their policy is that any check over $100 is automatically charged a a 20% gratuity. I call BS.
FYI:  20% gratuity included for a party of 4. WRF?!?
So many better Mexican restaurants nearby. Not a fan.
if you go at like 10:30 the waiters are super nice and attentive :)
Frieldnly service and omg the drinks are yumi and the Caramel Flan is to die for!!!
Eat da poo poo.
The mole burrito is mostly rice. The chips are like cardboard. The salads look better. The salsa bar in the back has the smallest cups you've ever seen. Not impressed.
Run Away! Horrible service, awful food~~leave & go someplace better!
Don't eat here. You're better off going to Taco Bell, and I hate Taco Bell!
Service here SUCKS
Gets busy during happy hour and it seems a bit understaffed but their prices are fair and my margarita was STIFF.
Mole burrito is delicious
Your water glass will never be empty.
Service is painfully slow. Otherwise pleasant.
Awesome make your own chopped salad!
There's a room with seating upstairs if you don't want to eat on the go.
Food is good but lady at the register is a nightmare.  Rude and knows she can get away with it because of get location.
Very unfriendly staff
Easy to get in and out quickly - however the staff isn't the friendliest
Great for breakfast when you're busy on a morning..hell yes to french toast & lucky charms!
This is a terrible deli. I don't know why I eat here every day.
Love the healthy pollo wrap with japalenos, cheese & avocado for brekkie!
Pay attention when they ring you out. Prices seem to change daily.
Grab a frequent buyer card if you come for lunch
Burgers are great can't beat the price and you can build your own.
A well-stocked, clean and speedy deli/bodega -- a surprising rarity in the Rockefeller Center area.
Can't resist the roast pork.
Try the Spicy chicken sandwich. Yum
Sweet, unpretentious, old school French.
Perfect balance to the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. Great traditional French comfort food.
An authentic French restaurant hidden away in the Upper East Side, this old world, family run establishment provides an intimate dining experience.  Time to brush up on your French!
Peche Melba, Ceufs A La Neige: you don't see this stuff outside of brightly colored photos in very old cookbooks, no one else does this, but its fantastic.
Typical New York haunt with a beautifully French twist. Definitely not for tourists. Very authentic. Everything on the menu is superb.
Try the Cream of Asparagus Soup and spot it on Foodspotting!
The menu — pork terrines, monkfish in lobster sauce, pot-au-feu — has outlived such one-time regulars as Orson Welles and Jackie O. Try the signature escalopines de veau.
A time capsule with excellent ile flottante!
Great and inexpensive
Fusilli with spicy sausage is sooo good!
Best penne a la vodka and chick parm in the world...a must have!!!
Unlimited drinks for brunch! Good food, great service!
The fusilli norcia is a must try.
great drunk brunch option on the UES! food's good (nothing outrageous, but good), relatively inexpensive, they don't rush you, and they looove to refill your drink often!
Amazing collection of mugs and named porcelain animals!
Great coffee - I recommend the almond milk latte. But the service leaves much to be desired.
Danji offers healthy, nutritious and sustainably sourced dishes. Look for the SPE Certified seal on Danji's menu on your next visit!
Tapas inspired Korean food.  Make sure to include the: bulgogi sliders, kimchi paella, and short rib in your order.  Bonus points for managing to create a romantic ambiance in HK.
Beef tartar is simply fantastic!!!
You honestly cannot go wrong with any item on the menu. Sliders, wings, tofu, kimchi, short rib, hamachi Just eat and enjoy! Try their specialty cocktails, all good and unique. Sit at bar and have fun
Yum!  Try pork belly sliders! ;-)  staff are the best! ;-)
We recommend the delicious, nutritious Tofu with Scallions! A truly tasty and healthy dish that meets SPE-certification criteria.
Absolutely worthwhile waiting! Just ask bartender for recommendations, everything is simply delicious
Pretty trendy korean restaurant. Fantastic food but very pricey.
Honestly the most amazing food I've ever had. Can't go wrong with any dish, so choose point and choose!
Must order: fries tofu and bulgogi sliders. Very good: spicy whelk salad, KFC Korean fried chicken.
Tofu was amazing - gooey skin delicious.  Bossam is braised pork in a cabbage wrap, also heavenly.  Bulgogi sliders delectable.  I would skip the chicken wangs.
Try the Soy Poached Sablefish with Spicy Daikon and Yu Choy! Sustainably sourced, high in omega-3s and tastes absolutely amazing.
The food is amazing, and check out the new Korean Pear cocktail. Delish!
It's rather cramped, but the food more than makes up for it. This place really deserves its Michelin star. Best dishes were the calamari and the sliders.
Delicious Korean tapas - recommend the pork belly sliders and the yellowtail sashimi.
Michelin 2012 ★
KFC fire chicken was yummy - need to come back for dinner for pork belly
Check out our feature of Danji!
Steak tartare, pork belly and sable fish just KILLED it.. you will be sorry if you didn't try..
Kkukkioiiuoo
Recommended dish: The Whelk Salad with Buckwheat Noodles is not only delicious, but is also officially SPE-certified.
Steak tartar, bulgolgi sliders, yellowtail sashimi, & spicy fried chicken. Good for two people, perfect meal. Do it now!!!
Really cool take on Korean food. Bulgogi sliders, kimchi bacon fried rice paella? Couldn't ask for better. Tapas style so get a bunch and share! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Everything was amazing. Bulgogi sliders, KFC wings, whelk salad with buckwheat noodles, & paella with egg - all recommended. Along with the spicy ginger margarita which was spicy & strong!
Would have loved to eat here. Have heard great things from others. Went on a Tues & was told a party of one couldn't sit at 1 of 20 open communal seats but must squeeze in @ crowded bar. Won't be back
Food is very good but it is a noisy place
Get the Spicy Ginger Margarita and Kimchee bacon paella (with the egg of course)
Portions actually pretty sizeable!  Bosam and sable fish so GOOD!  Soju sangria v light.
Try the Maple Glazed Sablefish (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sablefish (via @Foodspotting)
No syrups and the almond chai is tasty!
Mocha is awesome!
The cuban coffee is strong and very sweet. They have complimentary turkish delights when I was there in the evening.
Cuban != cortado
Best pumpkin spice chai in the city. Hands. Down. Also the friendliest staff. Wilma is my girl.
"Kahve" is how I imagine Californians pronounce, "coffee"
The mocha was amazing
Get the Pumpkin Spiced chai w almond milk!
Such a nice little place, with all types of coffee (latte, cappuccino, etc). The person working there made a little pattern on my coffee's foam, which made my day!
This place is delightful. HK needs a few more cafes like this amidst the bars and restaurants.
Solid, strong coffees & great tasting spinach/feta quiche
Coffee quality is very high and strong. Love their ice cappuccinos (2 espresso shots)
Saw this little coffee shop start from its inception cant wait to come try it out when next I'm in the city!
Iced coffee is the best here, double brewed and strong
One of my favorite places in Hells Kitchen. Great coffee shop with the friendliest staff.
Owner has a pug. 28561925 points!!
Try the Café Miel, an almost creamy latte made with local honey, or the zebra latte, a white and dark chocolate latte with barista art that inspires ooh and ahhs!
Our favorite coffee spot in Hell's Kitchen. They are the sweetest neighbors too! Be sure to grab a bear claw with your coffee! So good!
A great little coffee spot with friendly staff. I'm a Starbucks fan but this place has the X Factor that S'bucks lost a long time ago: exceptional, personalized service. Welcome to the 'hood!
Best coffee in the neighborhood, and the owners & staff are super nice. Who needs Starbucks??
Best coffee in the neighborhood. And the owners & staff are super nice. Who needs Starbucks??
Try their  lushish Cortado
The breakfast pizzas are amazing
Awesome Turkish coffee shop! Owners are really nice and the coffee is amazing!! Really strong and rich.. In a really good way.
Very good lemonade.
Oatmeal raisin scone... Death by oats. And meal. And raisins. And delicious.
I don't disagree more! Iced coffee is with much flavor.
A regular iced coffee with soy needs nothing but a straw! So delicious. Great place to get a Cuban Cortadito also for those who want a quick POW! ;)
Smile and Tip
Try the Green Papaya Salad - Spicy and sweet enough for me. (via @Foodspotting)
Pad the crispy duck is amazing
Guys this is closed Monday's , so old menus won't work
Try the Lotus Fritters and spot it on Foodspotting!
Awesome thai food i love the Shrimp Fried Rice
Try the Basil Dish and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Lotus Fritters and spot it on Foodspotting!
Ten hogs, a millon brews, and all u can eat.
Not the best pizza but a nice place to relax. Service was great. Good price on wine
Very nice stuff , professional and prepared. Food a little over priced but normal for NY's upper west side.  Nice date spot for an appetizer, wine and a small but rich pizza
Ordered rib-eye steak, they brought sirloin instead. Almost everyone of their staff are Russians.
You know this place is legit when everyone who works here communicate in Italian, and so does the majority of guests!
Very good, very Italian! Pizze are excellent, try the 'paccheri' if you're in mood for pasta
Best Pizza on the Upper West Side. Finally an Italian restaurant run by Italians.
The menu is odd salads and pizza .. dont get the chicken, its smoked and tastes like Gouda .. unless you love Gouda, that is
true italian restaurant. wild haired owner is warm & runs an extremely successful restaurant while treating his customers like a little pasta place in the south of italy. fresh ingredients. perfect.
Don't be fooled by the meat dishes on the menu. They don't serve them. Go figure
strangely, this place doesn't have a bar. the pizza crust is thick and kinda rubbery.
Overpriced for what you get. Much of the menu isn't available at any given time. And the service is sloppy. Skip!
Overpriced. Much of the menu is not available at any given time. And the service is not great by any metric. Skip this place.
Try - Casertana Pizza(authentic Neapolitan style), made of buffalo mozzarella, sausages and greens(broccoli). Secret-> Their menu change as the products that nature offers change throughout the season
Don't miss the buffalo mozzarella...they fly it in from Naples three times a week!
Ask for the table by the front door - and for Imani she's awesome!
The table by the front door offers a front row view of the "Picasso of Pizza" but it also offers the wind and cold when the door opens!
Wow! Epic fail! Guinness # 3 turned out to be an imposter! You can't pass off Murphy's and tell me it's a Guinness! There goes your tip my friend.
Nelson, the "old guy," passed away in 2010. He bartended here for over 15 years. Check out Nelson's photos behind the bar and think of him when you raise your glass.
Looking for a good beer? Try  golden amber lager. Very good, smoth flavor.
Both Chris's are great but I'm for Albate! Awesome service great snacks and food!
Tuesday night is the best night for live music! And the granny smith apple cider. Mmmmmm
Best place ever! Chris the bartender is freaking great! Love the chicken on a stick app!
Food just ok. Beware of "live" music featuring guitar and drunk girl screaming the same Joan Jett lyric over and over.
Great happy hour, have the Horseshoe Ale
Ask for the Argentinian guys that come here often, they really rock
Jager with red bull, best drink ever
As the mayor of this place I command you to say hello when you see me here : )
Love drinking here!! Atmosphere and people are great!!! Chris is the GREATEST bartender EVER!!!
Drink here! Chris is the greatest bartender in the world!
The cider is delicious!
Disappointed. Signs said Happy hour was at 3pm and they told us it wasn't till 4. not very friendly about it.
love to take some Guinness
Chris is a fantastic bartender!
Oh Man this live music sucks
The Saratoga Springs domestic beer was good. Comes from just 3 hours north of here.
Apparently they do not believe in air conditioning so be prepared to sweat
Cheese and cracker appetizer is great!
The Shepherd & Stout Pies are quite tasty!
The "ultimate" Cuba libre is supposed to be rum with a splash of coke. It was weaker than normal :(
couches and a fireplace! so cozy. and super inexpensive drinks.
Great, local live music
Slow service if any for food.
Don't be lured by the low prices. Food is mediocre.
Should have left when I saw a dead bug on the table they tried to sit me at, but the black rimmed Heinz ketchucp was the final straw to losing my appetite.
For a spot in New York (especially Hells Kitchen), a pint of Guinness for 5.50 is great!
Joe, Dane, and Chris are awesome.
Pad Thai is great! Though I wish they'd offer Pad See Ew...
The mock Pad Thai is great. Make sure you get some chili sauce to add to it.
I like this place because it's so often empty (MT)
Best place to get candy and lottery tickets
Best hazelnut iced coffee in the entire metropolis!
best buttered roll in NYC.
Portions are huge. If your party is 3 or more, get a number of entrees equal to about 2/3 of your party size and do family style, unless you want to carry doggie bags home.
Love Pio Pio Been to everyone and the food is consistently the same ..........Ahhh-mazing !!! My fave space is UWS large open windows
#FabuLIST whole chicken, French fries, and avocado salad. The green sauce is amazing but a little spicy.
Chicken is great, sauce is addictive! Extremely busy on weekends, go during the week.
Got the worst food poisoning of my life from here.
Matador combo can easily feed 4-5 hungry adults.
Food and Service was Awesome ...Large amounts of food and the chicken is a must as well as the ceviche to top it off. Sangria was tasty. Overall a wonderful place ESP for a date two thumbs up !!
The Upper West Side has lost one Peruvian restaurant but gained another.
Get the mixed ceviche!
The sangria is nice & strong: ) enjoy your  meal
When you order the shrimp cucuzoo if your a man w/ an appetite order a side of rice it's a small portion.
Oh my goodness is this food delicious!!!! I'm hooked on the arroz chaufa.
Excellent sangria! Definitely has a lil kick. ;)
Camarones Cuzco is a MUST try!!
I had an awesome experience at Pio Pio. The green sauce is so addicting and definitely makes the chicken. The yuca fries and avocado salad is a must!
Ceviche delishus
Lol! Try the chicken!
The fillet mignon was excellent!
the service is. so. unbearably slow....
Yucca fries are pretty good.
Tell them it's your birthday!  They make a huge deal of it.
The now accept other credit cards...Visa, AMEX, MasterCard! Not sure about Discover...
sangria is refreshing! also, put that green sauce on everything!
Bring cash cause the only card they accept is American express.
rotisserie chicken, re-fried beans and rice with plantains - que delicioso!
The green sauce makes the chicken. Really great value for an amazing meal. Avocado salad is delicious too
Chicken empanadas and the ceviche are a must!
No more pio pio for mio mio- too greasy, but very good!
They don't call this place pio pio for nothing, their chicken is slammin! if you're drinking - try the Inca Martini, it's tasty and 3 of those would have you over-tipping your bartender! cool lil spot
sangria and a huge combo to share for two. tasty
if you really want something from the grill, be prepared to wait a while
I've narrowed my choices to stir-fry if the line is short, a salad if I'm feeling healthy, or a custom veggie sandwich. Although I've been enjoying the new soup selection.
Don't ask for garlic.
Meh. The people weren't very friendly and the food was average.
Good Orange Chicken
Best home made ice tea
Nice takeout place with simple but spacious and clean seating area. Will consider coming back.
Delicious ice-cream, milkshakes, & banana splits. Freshly made & great service!
Closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. Really? That's absurd.
Though it lacks the scenery of its Brooklyn Heights location, it also lacks its packs of tourists, and this is a good date-ender.
Skip the long lines @ the DUMBO location this summer ad get your ice cream fix here. No namby pamby watery ice cream here. All butta, baby
Bring a friend so you can share a second scoop (new flavor?) for only $5.50 instead of $3.50 for each scoop separately
eat some ice cream
Slowest Service EVER. They need to kick it into gear or they'll be closed in 2 months.
time ro drink coffe
Great pizza and wraps. Fast, friendly service
The Buffalo chicken pizza is soft and delicious!
Try his softie it's amazing :D
Get the Drunken Noodle, bro...spiciest thing on the menu but they do it right. It is a good spice meant to be enjoyed at a slow pace while you converse with your company.
Loved the golden curry and dumplings!  Wine is good too.
This place is super yummy!
Drunken noodles <3
It's ALL about the drunken noodles which are spicy and delicious. Add shrimp. Get spring rolls. YUM
Great lunch special!
Nice food. Red curry and Pad Thai were good. Service was fast and good
Drunken Noodles is there best dish! SPICY!!!
Chicken Pad Prik King. YUMM!
Happy hour til 8! $5 specialty cocktails, $4 wine! 2 mojitos please!
Duck broth.
If you like spicy, try their Spicy Basil Chicken.
Lunch special is excellent!
Excellent food
Great spring rolls and drunken noodles
Try the tom yum soup, spicy thai basil fried rice, spicy thai basil chicken,  and the yummy fried ice cream. Reasonable prices and great thai food
Probably one of the best Thai places in the city, hands down...
Excekente, barato y muy rico!!! Recomiendo el marasaman con pollo
Entrees did not disappoint.  Thai fried rice and pad woon sen were each excellent.
Spring rolls and scallion pancakes are off the hook.  Can't wait for entrees.
I love the chicken Massamun Curry!
Drunken noodles with chicken and the pad fresh basil are my favorite dishes.
Golden Curry is excellent :)
Get the white peach sangria...very nice
Get their roast duck over rice dish lunch special.
Great vegetarian selection
Love the drunekn noodle
$7.95 lunch special gets you appetizer, soda, and entree. YUM!
Warning: everything here is pretty hot(spicy) by default. Get the green curry if you love hot delicious Thai food
Get the fried ice cream (!!) with raspberry sauce.  Possibly the best in the city.
The food was delicious but the place was a bit chilly inside so order hot and bring a sweater.
Not necessarily worth going out of your way. No atmosphere here, but they had a veggie burger that made me happy, and I got two cupcakes that were quite tasty. Solid cake, good icing.
Best cupcakes EVER!
Really good veggie burger. Tastes like fried rice
Great living social deal comes around every 3-4 months.
Salmon burger + goat cheese + avocado (as our server suggested) = WIN.
I go for the cupcakes which are some of the best in the city and can be easily ordered at the counter.  I've never had the patience to wait for their tables service.
Just went here again and tried the Banana Vanilla! So good! Check out our review: http://cupcakecrusaders.com/2012/04/19/new-york-city-center-of-the-universe/
Great service and tasty cupcakes! Add burgers to the mix and you can't really ask for anything more.  :)
Salad tasted like it was covered with some sort of chemical and the red velvet cupcake with the cream cheese topping was so gross. I'm pretty sure it was a type of lard not cream cheese. RUN!
This place has so much potential, but the food is borderline offensively bad. I had a salad and it was horrible, the greens tasted like they were bathed in pesticide.
I came in here not entirely sure what to expect. Everything was absolutely DELICIOUS! And the staff were so wonderful!
The service is a little too disorganized and the décor a little too pink, but the Turkey Burger with Sweet Potato Fries and the Carrot Cake Cupcake were winners.
This place is a lil gem. Salmon burger ( i got mozarella on top. Yummm) is amazing. Crispy chicken is awesome !!! Got free cupcakes. Our server couldn't have been better .
Table service is almost nonexistent. For first timers, take a seat and when you're ready to order, go up to the cash register and order. Good food and friendly staff... Just mismanaged. :)
If you're starving don't let this be your first choice
I dropped a Collectivus Signature Pink Cupcake Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Not worth it. Worst service I have ever experienced. Serious management failure. All of the customers looked pissed. Cupcakes and burgers were fine. Nothing special.
Medium-well instead of medium-rare; missing the extra tomatoes I asked for. Fries were meh. Do not want.
They have a B.Y.O.B policy. So bring your own bottle of wine or beer, they even have wine glasses.
It's burgers.... and cupcakes!   What else do you want?!
Iced tea in mason jars, burger-cupcake prix fixe.  Have a field day here with all your options!
Fail whale-- they forgot our food completely!
Crispy chicken sandwich and the cupcakes are amazing!  They gave me 8 free cupcakes because I was the last customer of the day! Amazing customer service :)
Whatever burger you decide to get, add goat cheese. It's amazing!  Also, bring your own bottle: wine is always a good choice.
I'm a generally fat, out of shape human being. That said, I could run two marathons in the amount of time it takes to get service in here.
Jesus. They weren't kidding about how slow the service is here
Terrible service.
Warning: no beer served here!
Fries, sweet potato fries good size small burgers
Good lo mein
Falafel is great
Gobo is a favorite of not only Joshua but many New Yorkers alike. Stop in for a quiet lunch or come for dinner when the space is crowded and lively.
vegan heaven. everything is housemade - even the ketchup. fresh juices w wheatgrass = sublime.
If you're a big fan of alternative, vegan, healthy foods, try it out! I'm a big fan of their beet salad & I love any of their smoothies!
Drinks are good, but the food literally could not be more bland. Tremendously disappointing.
Get the eggplant stuffed with tofu cheese.  So Yummy, and the sauce is amazing!
Get the eggplant stffed with tofu cheese.  So yummy & the sauce is amazing!
Fresh and clean atmosphere and a must try even if you aren't vegetarian.  Try the New England roll, spinach and soy cheese wontons, or the mini veggie burgers.
It's the Seitan medallions in spicy citrus sauce!
Our fave spot on the UES for organic and vegetarian eats - try the Scallion Pancakes with fresh mango salsa! -- Athleta
Our fave spot on the UES for organic and vegetarian eats - try the Scallion Pancakes with fresh mango salsa! -- Athleta
We're so excited to have Gobo be a part of Ecorazzi Eats Restaurant Week, Oct 12-19, 2011!
Awesome bubble tea!
A great healthy restaurant all Fall IINto Action conference participants should try! Check out our NYC healthy restaurants guide for more info.
I am not a vegan but this place is really good get the dumplings, veggie burger and soy protein nuggets all very good
Get the tofu with kale in black bean sauce with a side of brown rice. Delicious, and you'll have leftovers for lunch. The mushroom fritters are really salty, so pass on those. Pom Ginger ale rocks.
Wonton soup - get it
Have the sizzling soy platter!
Is this the manager eating 7-11 hot dogs outside?
We love the moo shu and alice loves the bread..she's cheap nbd
I love the baby spinach salad they can make it gluten free holla!
The food here is just ok. Many dishes are just a bit off. Candle Cafe is better, IMHO, and Pure (although a haul from here) is way better.
Vietnamese salad roll is the bomb
Veggie burger is always a hit. Sunday brunch's hummus wrap is delish too.
Beware, if ordering a "quick bite", It's a very small portion.
Used to be more delicious!
the roti and the Vietnamese spring rolls are awesome.
My favorites:  lettuce wraps and coconut rice
Apps were very oily. Not very good!
Try the chocolate cake
Great atmosphere! Looks more formal on the outside then it is.
Cavatelli with veal ragu was delicious. Stay away from fritti misti - nothing special and lackluster
Amazing wine spot on the ues. Great atmosphere and nice bartenders!
Better than the original, ambience-wise. It feels warmer and more happening.
Crostini are delicious! Especially the eggplant and ricotta!
Amazing wine selection. Super romantic - great place to take a date :)
Restaurant Review: Felice Ristorante: Happiness awaits diners http://exm.nr/r0PyME
Second visit was superb! Get the salmon tartare!
Give them a few weeks to get their feet wet. Service at the bar was horrendous on opening night.
Just as great as its other location and finally open!
Great staff that is far nicer and much more generous with ingredients compared to the Subway on 85/Lex.
Cookies cookies cookies. The asians guy in here is funny as hell!
really good customer service
For some reason this one never shows up in my Foursquare searches
Service is a little slow
hmmmm tuna melt :D
Cheap breakfast eats with turkey bacon
Dandy! The staff is nice, convenient since I live in the building.
Try the salted caramel hot chocolate. It's delicious.
Love it. Plus the wifi is fast.
Great team!!!  They are always super nice and the place is kept clean.  Debbie is the best!
There's always a huge line, one person working the register and another making drinks.  My drinks always end up being half-assed and I have to wait forever.
TERRIBLY SLOW. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
Ask for patty.. she gives away free drinks like a bartender.. tip her though! Or she'll slack on da sugar/ whipcream nxt time
Ask for the shift Kayse or the store manager Debbie. They do a fine job in treating the customers right.
Try the Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate. It's heavenly.
They make their chai lathes better than the Starbucks on 1st and 75th!!!
This Starbucks kind of sucks. The Baristas are really rude and the service is slow. One of them actually got mad at a customer because she made their drink wrong
Clean but small one. Not much seat.
They've run out of room to stand already. It's not even l
This location was renovated and reopened Aug 15th, 2011. Not all that large as half the place seems reserved for morning lines, but clean nonetheless and free at&t Internet.
Best place to get a great cup of coffee
Weird guy deli late at night
Chicken Teriyaki Bowl is my fav
The chicken burrito Is delicious
do NOT get a parfait from here. weird!
Go to the sushi guy in the back and order some udon. You'll be pleasantly surprised.
Established 1896 and continuously owned. Stocks over 80 varieties of the freshest coffee beans and over 90 varieties of the finest boxed or loose leaf tea, as well as equipment.
Everything here is delicious while still being healthy.
Bison burger is awesome.
Great fountain diet coke!!! ;)
Get the Thai chicken wrap and ask for it hot! The peanut butter smoothie is also delicious!
Love the meatloaf and creamed spinach!
Awesome Bison Burger!  Nothing over 500 calories
Fajita wraps are very tasty.
The sweet potato mash was awesome.
All sides $1 when you order a wrap in Aug
Bison wrap is good here
best to sit at bar for dinner... stay away from the back of the house (lots of families)
The pizza is really good and crispy, if ur orderin pasta is not wow! If u like creamy pasta like i do u wont like pastas from here! Just order pizza!
This place is a hidden gem. Yum! The margarita pizza is tasty!
Friendly bar service
Pan Pizza: I'm also a fan of Dean's for square slices. It's part of the impossible-to-get-straight pizza empire which includes Nick's, Angelo's, Dean's, and Adrienne's on Old Stone Street.
Square pizza: sausage and red onion. Caesar's salad is good.
This is my sons favorite restaurant.  It is very family friendly.  30% of the guests are younger than 14 years old.  The best of its kind in the upper west side.
Great place for families with kids. Fantastic food. The nutella pizza is a great treat for desert.
The linguine fra diavlo, chicken parmesan and baked ziti will ROCK your face off!
Every time I come here it's packed to the walls with children, but they only have glass, no kids cups. Owner must not know his clientele.
Not bad pepperoni - not too filling.
Good pizza in the neighborhood. Same family as deans
Pizza was awesome!  The staff is super friendly.
Great deal on pizza slice! ..plus, the guys there make you feel right at home . Very cozy & friendly atmosphere!
Does not accept AMEX
Best potatoe skins ever!
Bloody Mary's are outstanding
Order the Eggs Benedict Floratene on a Sunday morning and read the Wall St Journal over some Jo.
I LOVE this place. Great food & prices. A little bit of everything & it's on York Ave.
Great location, 86 crosstown bus stops right in front. Near FDR highway so can easily catch taxi. Very nice waitress. Pancakes were good. Hash browns ok, a little over cooked. Reasonable prices.
Think you've been exiled if you live on York Ave. Not so. This great little cafe makes heading to River Terrace worth it.
Chicken park is the best.
Came here twice for brunch. Pretty good food, very slow waitress. Had to flag the hostess down for coffee refills bc the waitress disappeared so much.
My favorite diner - great food and cutest husband & wife greek owners.  Try the spinach pie!  Scrumptious!!!
Rude owner and overpriced, mediocre food. Never going back again.
Trivia nights are coming!!
The bacon brownies. They’re chewy, fudgy, and spotted with big chunks of salty bacony goodness.
Try the Chocolate Peanut Butter Bacon Cookies (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bacon Brownie  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Baconery Sample Pack (via @Foodspotting)
pig shaped cutting board and bacon cookies
Super friendly and food is authentic, delicious and wallet-friendly! Try any of the daily specials. Finish with some espresso!
The oatmeal was not good at all compare to panera bread in queens location.. atmosphere is not good as the one in queens location. I would rather be in queens location than uptown manhattan location.
The spinach power salad is new for 2013 and delicious if you like spinach.
There is trash all over the floor here, and the soda fountain is sticky and gross. I won't be back.
Service was painful.
Not that bad of a place, but they always seem to get my order wrong.
Ask about their Hidden Menu items. Delicious.
Beware "peak hours" wifi restrictions, which limit you to 30 minutes.
What happened?  Did you reinvent yourself?
Way too many people sitting here on tablets and laptops for hours while other paying customers struggle for a seat.
Great Panera!
My salad was small & wilted. The tomatoes & onions were gross. Someone else got wrong baguette& they kept asking if the cashier repeated order to her -made her give the old bread back to throw away.
Best Panera I have been to! Love the cobb salad! They actually listen when I tell them dressing on the side and no gorgonzola. Very friendly staff!
Excelent service - they bring your order to the table - great chicken noddle soup!
It isn't healthy. It isn't gourmet cuisine. But the food is consistently good, and the menu offers great variety. Also, pretty sure that the bread is laced with addictive drugs. So damn good
I love this place. UES needs more walk-in casual dining restaurants like this. No more sit-downs! The service is always great and friendly and of course I love the food -- particularly the salads.
This is one of the best Panera Breads I've been to, I've been to two other ones in NY and this one is number 1!
The people who work here are nice. But the service is painfully slow for take out.
This cashier is a rude asshole. He should not work in any service industry. Ever.
free wifi and outlets. lots of tables and space. if you're working/studying make sure to bring headphones because it can get noisy at peak times.
Business is good!!!
The Broccoli Cheddar soup is delicious. The Broccoli Cheddar soup is very healthy. ---- only one of those statements is true.
Slowwwwwww.
While the Panera Card makes it a little difficult to predict your next award, it's definitely worth it. The Asiago Bagel is my favorite.
Try the power breakfast sandwich. It's a yummy and healthy way to start your day.
Try delicious salads! :)
A very good coffee shop compared to Starbucks and Lil Brown. The staff is awesome here. The lines do get long midday, but overall it's very well run. I've never encountered any issues so far.
Excellent service. I agree John T. is wrong in his tip. Free WiFi, good food, beautiful interior, friendly employees, maybe a tad cold for some inside.
Love this place! Great food and great service!!! Loving the choc chip muffin top!
The manager here is really rude (to both customers and staff) but the rest of the employees are the nicest ever! All smiles with excellent customer service!
Apparently you can't sit and eat.
Best Turkey Bread Panini I've ever tasted!!!! :)
Much more than just pizza!  My go-to b'fast place - very good bagels, yummy toppings, breakfast sandwiches, nice staff, good prices, never packed, can't go wrong :)
Great cheeseburgers
Try the buffalo slice
This is my neighborhood late-night jam. Conveniently located near the 4/5/6 train and amazing staff (who sometimes throw in a cookie while you wait)
Veggie slice rocks my veggie world! Great every time!
The eggplant panini is great!!
A quality chicken and broccoli slice.
Not big  on spicy, but this  is still the  best Chinese on the  upper west side!
Good God in heaven above, get the house spicy beef noodle soup.
Good for lunch
Good choice of spicy Food and not a pricey place in manhattan.Spacious and very cosy.
Sautéed pea shoots!
The Sichuan wontons in red oil are a spicy delight.
if you like spicy, try the 水煮魚! it's HOT!
Fabulous food. Lots of flavor. Chicken with string beans was awesome!
Must have an order of the soup dumplings.  Best surprise for your taste bud ever!
Best Chinese in UWS
With the arrival of Grand Sichuan on Amsterdam, the Upper West Side finally has a Chinese restaurant worth talking about.
Ching Qing spicy chicken FTW
Great lunch special. $7.95 for a big plate of food, plus soup, soda & white or brown rice
Better eat here fast; every other Asian restaurant I've become mayor of has closed :-/
Get the scallion pancake appetizer
Lunch specials are a great value: entree, rice, and choice of soup or soda for less than a Hamilton
Best kati wraps in the Financial District
Get the lamb kati wrap. Its delicious. You know what - get two
When everyone else stops serving / runs out of oatmeal, Starbucks can be counted on to get you some.  With fresh blueberries nonetheless! Say what you will about their coffee, but they still deliver.
The nicest Starbucks staff I have ever encountered.
http://tiny.cc/YaTe2b - Get the best iTunes Podcast Music! House & Electronic Beatz!
Less crowded than the one on Fulton on weekday mornings.
Slowest Starbucks in the area. Very frustrating. I'm going to the one on Broadway next time.
Wifi signal is good! :)
Barista this morning sounded just like Tootie from Facts of Life.  Was  fantastic!
ice coffee or coffee blend?smuaa enakk hihi
Best wifi off wallstreet!
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
Kopi dan tempatnya enak banget
Good cappucino made from Joe
We love getting Paris delivered to us... especially the celine crepe with nutella chocolate, marshmallow, and strawberries! http://www.delivery.com/menu/Crepeaway
Get a mikey if you want chicken!
Get the Obama! Best crepe there!
Love the Toto = just strawberries and nutella
The sweet ones r better
Their Big Papa crepe is to die for, but anything/everything here is absolutely delicious! Don't forget to sign up with LocalBonus and earn points toward a free crepe, crepe combo, or crepes for five!
WORST CREPES EVER
Their logo looks like a womans pubic wig
Best savory crepe: the south beach, hands down.
The crepe place on Macdougal is better
Cute little crepe restaurant with a lilac decor. They have sweet and savory crepes!  Plus, wifi and they're friendly too.
Get the Obama!
I recommend the Mikey. Goes well with tomato basil soup. Great service! Biodegradable utensils! Will definitely be back.
Leila is the best vegetarian crepe!
Highly affordable crepes (6$) that are excellent and filling. For NYU students, Campus Cash is taken here!
Bullets are good
aka #1 Healthy Choice
Holy crap, the boba is horrendous. Waaayy too sweet and creamy with mushy tapioca.
Maki Lunch Special Rocks!
Most fish I've ever seen in a sushi roll
It gets pretty crowded during the FiDi lunch rush.  Sushi and noodle dishes are great.  Skip the teriyaki ... it's just sauce poured over chicken or salmon.
This place takes reservations for brunch!! This is very rare so take advantage of it.
Start with biscuits to share then get the goats cheese bread pudding with poached eggs. You're welcome.
Best spicy Bloody Mary in NYC! Make sure to make a reservation.
Try the Poached Eggs (via @Foodspotting)
Sticky Pecan Corn Muffins and Ricotta Fritters are perfect for curing hangovers or satisfying a craving for comfort food. Be prepared to wait well over an hour if you don’t make a reservation.
Ricotta Fritters are amazing.
Solid food. Horrible service, and not in the cool way.
brunch. ordered goat cheese bread pudding with eggs and roasted spinach. delicious!
The menu is farm-to-table and changes daily but everything here looks excellent. My bluefish was particularly outstanding. Also the chocolate bread pudding comes highly recommended
slamming fried chicken.
Food is amazing. Playlist seems to be a gay mans memories of the 80s and 90s though.
Great spot with great music. Breakfast sausage is a must.
great cocktails, southern flavors, and a lovely atmosphere. This place would be great for a first date or dinner with a group of friends.
The bread pudding is unreal. Cocktails are excellent--especially the filthy martini.
Try the Nutella Silk Pie  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Duo Of Lamb - Oh my  oniony sooo good  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Basement made pickles - Wow!!! (via @Foodspotting)
Delicious and decadent brunch good bloody Mary's good service no problem sitting down with a same day reservation (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Hands down one of the best brunch spots in the city
Great alternative to Jane for brunch. Wish there were more robust healthy options for brunch.
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Hundred Acres
Super bread pudding!
The flat iron steak is worth every penny, do not miss it!
Get the pickled cabbage and go in on the shrimp and grits. Make friends w Wade the bartender.
Burger is fantastic. Won't disappoint
Despite finding plastic in my burger, I'd still come back. So good.
This is a great place for brunch. I had the ham, poached eggs, and grits. It was very good.
Hash of the day generally the brunch standout.
The fried fish sandwich is a dark horse on the menu. Try it.
Sticky Pecan Corn Muffins and Ricotta Fritters are perfect for curing hangovers or satisfying a craving for comfort food. Be prepared to wait well over an hour if you don’t make a reservation. —Meg
If you like you're macaroons to be as hard as a hockey puck - this is the place for you.
Get a cannoli, they are soo good (they even beat Bobby Flay on Foodnetwork's Throwdown!)
I love this place. The food is as good as the baked goods!
You MUST try this cannoli before you leave nyc...it's insane
"+ This location is another official Inartmedia.com drop-off Venue + Artist Checkin & drop your Promotional Media +"
Pistachiooooo gelato. Pricey but yum.
The Original! Buying our Focaccia bread here since the 70s..
Huge overly sweet desserts that are absolutely delicious when sharing w a friend. Try the cheesecake which is the perfect heavy consistency
Super yummy Gelato!! Must try
Very nice staff and great iced cappuccino
Best vegan chocolate chip cookies anywhere!
You won't find better, fresher cookies & baked goods anywhere. Also really good coffee!
Best whole wheat croissant ever. You'll never experience a crispy, bready croissant like that anywhere else.
Mmm chocolate chip cookie.
Homemade marshmallow with got chocolate!
The pumpkin pie is here! My favorite time to stop in. Lots delish fall pasteries as well.
Lots of tasty baked goods.
I believe that the address is actually 223 1st Ave, not 225 as listed. The croissants are amazing anyway!
The maple bacon scone is worth every calorie.
Try the pretzel croissant, perfect mix of sweet and salty! And their chocolate chip cookies are second to none! They have a good salad bar too if you need to be healthy.
Chocolate chip cookie. 'Nuff said.
Mmmm beef soba.
picked up beef curry for lunch. can't believe they call this curry and sell it. very disappointed. see pic.
Their sushi is 1/2 price after 6:00.
Great quality and quantity.
Always great service and quick moving lines at this location.
Caprese is delish!
Cool spot.
Delicious Salmon Wasabi Bagel!
Good parfait
Massive portions, edible food, cheap prices and quality service. The perfect diner I say! (Just don't get the chocolate milk here)
Don't come in Sunday
It's a diner. Great food, quick service, very genuine NYC diner, great prices. Don't expect The Ritz!
The BEST pea soup - only on Thursdays.
Extremely slow svs on the wknd. Best to come during the week if poss
Great fast service :)
6 am diner food
Great banana pancakes!!
Don't come before 2PM!!  Cramped and noisy otherwise. I like sitting in the booth even when I am not with anyone.
Bit dirty, you'll stink of foodsmell, but the omlette is amazing and the service is awesome!
Generic dining experience.  Not great, not bad.  Food was a little undercooked.
This place sucks donkey dick. Really bad/lazy servers
Simple and straightforward. Great for breakfast
No longer serving thimbles of juice! Nothing too special about this place, I wouldn't come with high expectations
The menu says eggs any style but I couldn't get mine poached.  My corned beef hash is ruined! J/K.  A bit disappointed
The burgers are incredible
Hey FiDi gays! GEKKO is a new gay night held at Gild Hall - a Thompson Hotel on Gold Street. It's the last Wednesday of every month. See you there!
Service is slow.  Waited 20 minutes before they acknowledged.  Another 10 minutes before we could order.  Food was cold and horrible.
Service is slow, not too polite to customers. They could care less, had to wait 15 minutes just to get a menu
Customer service is HORRIBLE! Sat for 10 mins and was never acknowledged so I left and they could care less.
Souvlaki. Do it.
Very very slow service
Mmmm. Mediterranean Omelet is good.
perfect for a quick lunch. small place mostly for delivery. easy going
calamari to die best prosciutto e melone in town
Delicious artisanal coal oven - try the lovingly made fresh veggie pie.
the staff is polite and the pizza is fresh. very tasty and served quickly. enjoy!
Margherita pizza is simple but flavorful, and the pasta is fresh and perfectly cooked al dente with amazing bolognese sauce!
Margherita pizza is so
A hidden gem and a sheer delight.
got the branzino al forno it was delicious
Sit at the bar and watch them make the pizza fresh - it's delicious! Don't forget to sign up for LocalBonus and earn points toward 12- and 14-inch pies.
The insalate portion of the menu is no joke either. Some of the best salads I have ever had!
Black linguine w shrimp is amazing
The Pizza Bianca is a great delivered dinner! Who needs tomato sauce when you've got prosciutto, arugula, and some lovely cheeses?
Mezzaluna does not get the props it deserves (thankfully under the radar of Keste, Motorino, Co. etc), otherwise I would need to wait in line.  Best sleeper pizza in the city.  Ice tea is a must have
The pizzas are tasty, but the Calzone is the best thing on the menu. The Funghi and Salsiccia is tasty as well.
Go here and experience great Neapolitan-style pizza.
The best, authentic (modern) Neopolitan food and experience in NYC. The best wood-fired oven pizzas (pesto and pine nuts!), fresh pasta dishes (tagliolini and bolognese), salads (arugula, fennel, and
Gotta try the peanut butter and jelly. Best. Ice cream. Ever.
good service
testing tip
testing tippp
best place to send a fax through the fax machine!
Great place to send a fax
Grilled corn with jerk spiced mayo and coconut is amazing!
If you're craving really good salmon, turkey meatloaf, or a healthy wrap, this is the spot!
flirt with the salad guys for unlimited toppings
I eat breakfast here almost everyday. Get the make your own egg white omelette with fruit and 7 grain toast. For $5, it can't be beat.
I think Taz has some of the best pizza in the area. Try the meat lovers pizza with bacon, beef and peperoni...only 1 trillion callories :)
They have the best breakfast buffet, I just wish it was out every day.
Everything bagel with veggie cream cheese!! Enough said
With everything in FiDi still closed due to Sandy, I discovered some great curry goat here.
Great authentic Caribbean food. Come early to avoid the lunch rush lines. Give Paul your feedback...it actually matters here!
Awesome place for some music and a drink. Best spot is by the fireplace
Come on Monday's for open mike night! Especially if Amy Vachal is playing:)
YouTube video about Caffe Vivaldi - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kBvcQVujrk
Tribute video - http://www.Jump2Spot.com (the many stories that were here)
Fantastic live music most nights
Worst espresso I've ever had.  The sugar is clunky too :(
The band "Waiting for Jerry" often plays here.
Shrimp with saffron rice + live music = perfect little dinner experience
Tip Kate on Monday nights, she awesome.
How up around 5:45, the list fills up quick.
Make sure you catch a night when Lissa Farquhar is performing!
Every now and then folks from Law&Order pop by.
Used to be such a great place. Not as fun as it was a couple of year ago but till a nice spot to hang out when you're in the Village for the evening.
Wrote blog of New York's longest surviving music cafe. http://xthespot.blogspot.com/2010/03/play-me-memory-jones-street.html
Magic moments. Oldest music cafe in the Village. Where i met people i never expected to meet. Kate Sland on Monday nights. Music every night. Woody Allen, Al Pacino, etc. were here.
See Avi Wisnia perform for free, for the LAST TIME THIS DECADE!
Yeah !! Expensive .., but the guys are friendly!!
Oops. Pizza crust under cooked
The spicy chicken kabob is $17 it comes with rice and salad and if ur looking to be fillEd up it does the job. But its nothing special.
The buffet ia overly expensive. The serve alot of chicken so you end up paying for the bones in weight. But the foos quality is good.
LOUD NOISES
This place is great!
Sausage pepperoni pizza is delicious!!
This place has a terrible layout, they don't provide you with napkins (you have to hunt for them) and its really expensive and the food isn't even all that good.
There food is ok but the prices seem to change fluctuate and change everday! I refuse to buy anything there anymore! Too expensive!!! Go to Naturally instead.
This guy rips you off. Poor quality street meat. Avoid unless desperate for halal
All proceeds go towards rebuilding The Ali Forney Center, which houses at-risk LGBT youth! We're in the lobby til 6!
Worst. McDonald's. Ever. Ordering is a total mess. Does corporate know about how horrible this place is run? It's laughable. Fast food?! Try slow and discourteous.
Super slow even for 1 cup of coffee
For a quick snack, try a McDouble off of the Dollar Menu.
Try the Sweetened Iced Tea!
For breakfast, try the Hotcakes!
This is the most disgusting bathroom in the city
Shamrock Shakes are available.
it smells like KFC!
It smells like rotton cheese.
Don't even bother with this place. They never have curry and never put a sign up saying they don't. "Chicken Katsu Curry! Right this way!" WOMP! (don't let them swindle you!) (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
While I do like this place, they take too long with the non-sushi stuff. I can't imagine how they are during lunch hour.
Quality sushi and real ginger (not pink)!
Try the "Hercules". You won't regret it.
Great kebab!
They put a little table outside when the weather is nice.
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Good pho, not great though. Service is a miss. Overpriced IMO, only good after clubbing.
The pho with braised pork is yummy. Great for a cold night. The chicken pot stickers are awesome and a must try!
Don't bother with the banh mi (if that's what you want, walk the extra two blocks over to Xe May, trust me), just go straight for the pho with all da meats. The instructional video is awkward though.
Pho-getaboutit.  Broth is weak, even with a ton of hot sauce. Worth skipping this and getting ramen down the street.
They aren't that good.
Great brisket pho! Didn't even need sauce.
Korea restaurant that has pho& shabu, we give it 4 stars.
$2 beers. Yup, yup.
Pho was aiite (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They skimp on the meat except for the sandwiches. I had to ask the server where the shrimp was in my summer roll... he pointed to a sliver. My bowl of pho probably had about six small pieces in it.
The pho itself isn't great but the banh mi is amazing and fresh.
Go to Xian Famous Foods down the street if you want good broth
Awesome!!!! Love this place. Get VB1! Pad Thai is good as well!
Good food, false advertisement. Special says 5 dollars off for checking in but no one here has heard of this.
Over priced. Crappy portions of meat in pho, it's more like barely there scraps of meat. I also wish they'd play something else on their TVs other then the instructional video constantly looping.
Meh. What kind of pho shop makes you ask for basil? The beef stew pho is pretty... curious.
The tofu and avocado sandwich is great!
PROTIP: Whatever you order, get the bell sprouts boiled.
awesome place for late night Asian munchie craving! get the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 pho deal
Big bánh mì and bowl of pho for $9. Best deal evah.
get the pho and grilled chicken vietnamese sandwich combo. So worth it and it's delicious!
It's my first eat in at pho 32 shabu... food look's good
Worst place ever! Do not eat here. Rat dodo on tables.  Bugs climbing on the walls
Beef Pho, pork chops, and white rice
Really close to NYU, great place to come on a Thursday night for $2 glasses of wine or bottles of beer! Steph/UCSB
Awesome pho, cool tables
Only worth going if it's the only place open. Pho is meh but can be salvaged with enough hoison and sriracha. Better off going to baoguette if you're trying to stay in the area.
Special appetizer dish. Do it and thank me later.
Pho had no taste :(
While alcohol is on the menu, they dont serve it. And they don't accept BYOB
Get ze smoothie w/ bubbles (tapioca) #pineappleCantaloupeHoneydew
They have bubble tea!! Finally somewhere on the west side
during the summer, their $1 frozen yogurt cone is a great deal.
Always friendly!
$1 Giant Donuts!
Quick place to grab a sandwich and snacks. Coffee is pretty good.
Weird Korean-run spot, occupies West Village karaoke bar during the day, uses Toby's Coffee. Not particularly comfortable, but there's wifi.
Great shop. Super friendly staff. Great vibe!
Free wifi (W. Village)
Order the Chai Latte. (Secret)
It pains me to say this but The Coffee Foundry is closed (for now). They're looking for a new location & will open soon, I hope. It was my favorite coffee shop in all of NYC & I want it to open again.
This place is great! In the morning, get your coffee. In the afternoon/evening, enjoy a selection of Belgian beers. I don't think I'll ever leave here.
ok, I hate autocorrect. lol. i meant Brazilian and bolivian brews. not breed! grrre
Brazilian and Bolivian breed are absolutely divine. :) amazing staff. free wi-fi. doesn't get any better!
Wifi is 186west4
Great place to catch up on work/reading. Plenty of power outlets and free wifi. Not to forget - good coffee too!
Come during lunch, the chili is great, and priced well.
White tea and cookies + WiFi. The outlets are under the backrests so awesome.
ask norm to recommend you a beer. he's good at that.
Seriously, eat a jam thumb print cookie. You're inner fat girl will thank you.
When available, grab a peanut butter cookie. One of my favorites!
GREAT coffee and free wifi.  Remember to tip the barista.
Nice people, free wifi. Karaoke for 4 bucks an hour off-hours. Hangover Karaoke?? O_o
Coffee and karaoke. Does it get any better than this?
Try the Bolivian iced coffee--it's the next best thing to the Cold Brew, which they only make occasionally now.
Vietnamese iced coffee is great, and I hear the drip coffee is really great. Ask the guys behind the counter about the coffee :)
They just started serving homemade "deconstructed coffee" cupcakes today - vanilla cake with vanilla butter cream & dark roasted espresso beans on top. Amazing.
Seriously good iced coffee, plenty of power outlets, and nice dudes behind the counter.
All you can use wi-fi for free
Mentai Shrimp Gyoza are delicate and delicious
Mentai Croquettes are back on the menu!
Have anything. It's all delicious :-)
Love the ramen. Be adventurous and try the chicken gizzards, you won't be disappointed.
One of the current specials: Kimchee marinated deep fried catfish is amaaaazing.
Do not get the Hakata Cheesesteak -- it is inedible.
Wonderful small Japanese plates, great atmosphere and music. Order one of everything.
brussel sprouts are awesome
Diamond in the rough. Get the chashu ramen, gyoza, and Brussels sprouts.
RS says: Try the Chashu Ramen. Pub grub at its Japanese best, "Only one ramen is offered and is based in a murky pig-foot broth that tastes like it's been boiled for three years. Plenty of pork, too."
Ramen is fantastic!
Skip the 14 dollar ramen, it's  basically a small bowl of angel hair pasta in tonkotsu broth. Not worth it.
subarashiiiii!
Like you're in a Tokyo side street. Excellent chasui ramen. And try the family sake that come comes in a square cup.
Miso brussel sprout are amazing!
Currently: Mentai Croquettes are off menu but ESSENTIAL. Ask if they have it when you're there!
Most Murakami-esque spot. Order the ramen that's not on the menu, and put something on the jukebox.
Don't be shy: the Pinball Gizzards here are the bizness.
Gyoza, buta kimchee, ramen, done. Don't miss the old school jukebox and crazy framed photos.
Hidden gem! My faves are ramen-- pork is melt-in-mouth and love the ginger they put in it. Spicy tuna roll. Buta-kimchee. Gyoza.
Best Ramen in the City!!
Miso brussel sprouts and ramen are not to be missed.
Pigs toes (Tonsoku), frog's legs (Jampin Jerk Frog ), chicken wings (Hakata). Lots to try at this Japanese izakaya. Not a sushi place, more for great bar food.
Closed on Mondays.
Holy shit, the miso brussel sprouts are crack!
Mentai gyoza, mentai potato salad, oil sardines (not from the gulf, har har), pork belly, nanban, onigiri, and tonsuku. Can't go wrong! Also 2nd best ramen in NYC!
Grilled chicken wings with salt, rice balls with pickled plum and ramen are a must!
Chillest late-nite eating in W Village (to 2pm Fri & Sat). Delicious Japanese bar food, sake, great music - not too loud for coversation - and atmosphere to burn. But a little spendy.
Ramen and also the BBQ beef bowl.  Yumm!
best ramen in NYC
If you want something refreshing, go for the melon madness
Love their juice.  Yummy yummy!
The juice may be good but the fruit salad is awesome! A small is enough for a meal and only $3.
Not as well known as Joe's Shanghai, but a tasty alternative. If you're choosing between the pork&crab soup dumplings and the pork soup dumplings, go w/ the former.
This place is now called "Yeah Shanghai Deluxe". It used to be a decent restaurant where you could always get a spot, now it has a Michelin sticker on the door and a hustle bustle atmosphere...
Bad experience. The tofu dish is served cold and i have to ask the waitress to reheat the dish. The food is not good at all.
Not as authentic as before. I won't be back
Stop in here for any of the lunch specials...reasonaably priced with just the right sized portions! Delish!
Food is good, but the service leaves allot to be desired.
Chrysanthemum fish is a must.
This restaurant has moved to 50 Bayard Street.  The new name is Old Yeah Shanghai Deluxe!  It seems that they have changed owners, but are using the same menus.  The food is still pretty good!
get the steamed juicy pork buns. the best in Chinatown and maybe the world
eat xiao long bao and honeyed pork shoulder
Great super cheap Chinese. Sesame chicken + kungpao chicken over rice = $9.70.
the quality of the soup dumings has declined.  Avoid them.
the 小笼包 is inexpensive and quite delectable
Their fried dumplings are da bomb!
Hot & Sour soup is one of the best in the City, and you get a HUGE bowl for little cash.
eat crab soup dumplings and riceballs in wine flavored soup
Where did they move to after the hurricane?
#1 with protein and multi-vitamin
Best smoothies down here.
Say hi to Michelle and Vincent!
Try Custard bun. Yummy!
One of the better water dumplings I've had.
The Salinger cocktail is ace. Love me a creative Aperol cocktail
For brunch, you cannot go wrong with the Julius bloody mary. For dinner, lobster spaghetti is a must.
shrimp cocktail is one of my favorites
Whelks and oysters are great but OMG brussels sprouts are incredible
Nicest staff, best bloody Mary's and pretty much everything on the menu is delicious.
Fast Food Coupons - How To Get Fast Food Coupons For Free look at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
mint julep
Get any of the specialty drinks on the menu. They change seasonally.
"Head to the back-room raw bar and go for it: The Plateau de la Mer ($50) offers oysters, clams, king crab legs, shrimp; the Grand Plateau de la Mer ($75) has got oysters, clams, king crab legs..."
Brunch spot: grilled cheese with poached egg and mushrooms. To die for!
Vegetarian tip: brussel sprout salad with grain mustard, pecans, pickled apples and shaved cheese - divine w/a glass of dry, red  wine
Best bloodies in the city. They give you a beer chaser with each order.
Small menu. Calamari appetizer was ehhh. Clam po'boy was good. Apple pie dessert is good. Skip sugar cookie dessert.
Ok, I know this sounds weird, but this stylish place has the most beautiful bathroom I've ever seen in a restaurant.
Adam Benedetto runs reservations.
The lobster roll is incredible!
If you get the lobster spaghetti be hungry, it's easily spilt between two people.
Looking for the moistest brisket sandwich in nyc? Search no further.
Wonderful brunch and inventive cocktails. Bartenders can be cranky but don't let that keep you away.
Across the street from Joseph Leonard but just as tasty.
Wow! Have to go hear the pork is amazing and get the beef tartare! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The French toast. Holy shit.
The new Bloody Mary
Crab salad bliss.
Avoid the burger. They make their own bun which isn't great, but it's the burger that is a big disappointment. Dried out and flavorless. Yuk.
French toast with blueberries.
Watch out: portions aren't small! Good thing the food is good.
Brisket Sandwich at brunch is amazing!
Oysters and rose, twist my arm! The best ambiance and energy in the village ;)
It's amazing what this place to create with such a minimalist kitchen (literally just a few hot plates). try the mushroom egg dish which is served over a decadent grilled cheese sandwich!
Great sushi, wonderful vegetarian selection. Hip music! Benches are super comfy but view is better from bar.
The chefs from Masa and Bar Mas old up their reputation here. The omakase is the way to go and the uni porridge was fantastic. Only thing that worries me is the cursed local..
微妙。揚げ物系のお寿司がomakaseにありすぎて、日本人にはお寿司を食べた満足感は少なし。
Top-notch sushi at a good price. Every bite of raw fish on rice is a joy, but you'll miss out if you don't try one of the hot dishes, like the silky uni porridge. Critics' choice for best sushi bar.
Incredible.  Already trying to plan my next date night there!!!
Get the omakase and a cocktail followed by glass of sake then finish it off with another cocktail.
Kampachi King MushroomSzechuan Spiced Tuna Crispy RiceKampachi Sushi With Sweet PotatoToro SushiSalmon With Spicy MayoRoll - Eel And Avocado
So yum however the omakase, albeit delicious, is too many courses.
Do not eat here ever! If you must only order a salmon avocado roll and then leave.
the uni is to die for, the toro sushi is heavenly (even if it's expensive) and the shubui cocktail is a beautiful blend of gin, lime, peppercorn and (yes!) scallions
The menu has a lot of awesome offerings, but the omakase is the way to go! Also say hi to Chef Nick! Amazing staff to boot!
... extremely satisfying vegetarian dinner at Neta, ... grilled shiitake caps pressed around rice, a lotus root roll with minty shiso and another roll of asparagus tempura
Shave some calories off your daily intake with the smaller-portioned razor clam risotto w/ soy braised veal & Chinese celery.
Toro tartar w/ toast points is spectacular! The sakura sparkling sake makes a lovely spring aperitif.
New restaurant by the guys that did Masa & Bar Masa.
Nick Kim and Jimmy Lau, the former head chefs at Masa and Bar Masa open this restaurant in Greenwich Village. Small plates include toro tartar, Dungeness crab chawan mushi and razor-clam risotto.
Bbehind the bar is high-level sushi creation, plus a menu of small plates like razor-clam risotto with soy-braised veal, and a grilled scallop served with uni, garlic-soy butter and lime.
Duck & foie gras is a must
Don't you dare fuck with it.
Graffiti lamb burger (yes, LAMB burger) w/garlic fries FTW!
deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
The wine selection sucks and the food is just ok. Save your money for a real meal  and better wine.
I think I just peed on HAL 9000
Must haves: crispy spicy beef, PACman dumplings, blackberry fizz cocktail, and crab noodles
Not a good first date spot. Too many communal tables. Unless you're into that sort of thing.
Call ahead, get a text 5 minutes before table is ready. Ideal order: pastrami egg rolls, 5-spice chix, kobe tarts, sea bass, bacon fried rice. Get the ginger cocktail, avoid the sangria.
Crispy beef, pork buns and steak entree r the way to go - outstanding
Get the Spicy Crispy Beef
in general this place was overrated and totally over-priced, BUT the pastrami eggrolls were worth the trip!
Try everything. In order 1) pastrami egg rolls 2) filet bites 3) crab dumplings 4) soup dumplings. Skip mains and make it tapas style. Oh, and Ruth makes a killer Japanese style old fashion
3 words: Katz pastrami eggroll. It's a game-changer. Period.
Worth the wait!! Everything was amazing!  Especially the lobster dumplings and the three spice chicken. Get involved!!!
Best soup dumplings in NY. Or anywhere maybe.
Pac man shrimp dumplings (not just because they are so cute but scrumptious too!) and lamb - yes, lamb dumplings.  So unique, and not typical Chinese.
Bring your ear plugs. It's the loudest restaurant around   Food is mediocre at best.
Go early. Be prepared to wait. And when you get cranky, remind yourself that any place that serves Pac Man dumplings is certainly worth it.
I only had an appetizer. It was awesome..can't wait to comeback.
Magical Chinese and Dim Sum! Best pork soup dumplings NYC! Foodie Magician fav!
Excellent food and amazing bathroom
Stop by this inventive West Village spot for a lively scene, the soft and crunchy vegetable fried rice and the pork and crab dumplings:
Steak is as good as advertised
At Ed Schoenfeld and Joe Ng’s lively New Yorkified Chinese spot, Red Farm, crisp-fried lamb dumplings are concocted in a wood-beamed urban farm setting. There’s a lot to like about this fresh remix.
Worth the price! Love the dim sum and beef rice
The person who invented pastrami egg rolls should be knighted.
Worth the wait. Food is amazing. Love the apps.
Sceney West Village joint, where dumpling wizard Joe Ng turns out whimsical riffs on the classics. While not to everyone’s taste, the playful Katz’s pastrami egg roll is a novelty worth trying.
The Pac-Man dumplings are not overrated at all. The flank steak is super tender and perfectly fatty, too. Tell Ed we say hi.
get all the dimsum..and of course the katz's pastrami egg roll
get all the dimsum..and of course the katz's pastrami egg roll
Good, not great
Try the Pan-Fried Pork Buns, Spicy Sauce   - http://www.foodnomad.net/2012/05/redfarm.html (via @Foodspotting)
Favorite cafe on Hudson
อร่อยเนอาะ
The bartenders are awesome! Food is great. They have food specials everyday
Crappy service. Deceitful tipping practices.
Jazz on Wednesdays! Free wifi! I'm happy :)
Hello Everyone, we have listed to your feedback and we have made some changes in our management team as well as a new Executive Chef.  Looking forward to seeing you!
Very tasty! Good atmosphere! Recommend it. And complement from foursquare is very useful!
I'd go somewhere else. Food was soggy and the service wasn't great. Definitely Wouldn't go back
Dont eat the food here! Love the bartenders, so come in and drink, but don't stay to eat... Ever, unless it's the fries... Only eatable thing...
Service is slooooooowwwwwww 30 min to get a chicken wings!!! Incredible!!!
With only 5 other people at the bar, I've been sitting at the bar for 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged my existence.. which they didn't
Worst service don't waste your time or money
The special has expired and they forgot the password to take it down.... Hum how about picking up the phone and calling four square?
The bartender was a douche. Not worth the trip or the money.
Fried chicken sandwich...yummy!
Awesome music n ambiance
Tastes like hospital food.
The food it's always good, and they have a pretty decent bar. Servers are always nice, but always seem to be eithet flakey or slow.
The Applebee's of DUMBO. Decent selection of local beer on tap at lower than average prices.
Act like you're from the south! Ask for the potlikker (liquid the collard greens are cooked with)!
The staff is really nice, but every time I've been here, the service is *extremely* slow. Seriously, only come if you're not on a strict schedule.
$5 Draughts - how could you go wrong?
The blue suede shoes martini is SUPER strong. Get ready to put hair on your chest....
The guy next to me just farted.
Fried devil egg appetizer is delicious
Try the Water Street Burger - Tasty, almost too dry (they cook it medium-well) Pretty good burger and fries.  (via @Foodspotting)
The Turkey Meatloaf is different as is the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. Nice ambiance. Still had a great time
If your bill is over $100 they automatically add 20% gratuity. If you ask them to take it off they need to see your license. Is that even legal?
Fried chicken sandwich during lunch is DELICIOUS with chipotle mayo
Live Music + Wings make for a lovely Wednesday evening after a long day
If you want a good brunch, go somwhere else... I don't know how the bar food is. It might be fine.
Massive menu, very reasonably priced.
Great Coffee is still $1.75 - refill $1 - not laptop friendly, good for when you want to read a book or talk to friend
Good place to work during the week, but no laptops allowed on the weekends. Cash only.
Well priced, laptop friendly, unpretentious, casual atmosphere to hang for a while in. Slow wifi but great tables and outlets make it easy to get work done.
Great place to go on the weekend for a quiet, chill spot. Try don't allow groups to convene with laptops on the weekend.
Great iced coffee and everything bagels all for the great price of $3. Good atmosphere too!
Great bagel and lox. Excellent coffee. Excellent cappuccino.
Wifi password: coldbrewrocks
sit near the window, enjoy your fix and people watch for 20 minutes.  Embrace the diversity of the lower east side.
Our master order: Sesame Bagel with CreamCheese, Onion, Cucumber, Salt Pepper Oil, Hot Sauce.
Try the pain chocolat and cold brew coffee.
Solid iced coffee and deeeelicious paninis. Nice atmosphere--be aware that they have certain times when you are supposed to turn off your computer interfaces. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
37 Clinton St (between Stanton St & Rivington St) New York, NY 10002Essex St (J, M, Z), Delancey St (F), 2 Av (F)
Password: buymorecoffee
Get the bagel with lox, tomato, capers and some pickled vegetable
Bagel with cream cheese, pesto, and tomato-- delizioso!
Still the best chai latte to go on Clinton street
Great coffee, H&H bagels, and usually a cute scruffy guy reading a book in the corner....BINGO!
Some of the best and well-priced coffee in the LES with an awesome staff. Also get their pesto H&H bagel!
Awesome panini.
It's all about the capers on the bagel + lox.
Get the cold brew iced coffee, or get judged. And always spring for a large (just $.50 more!)
I disagree. Coffee is damn good.
Prosciutto panini is a great choice for first timers at Atlas
quick breakfast. serves HH bagels <3
Viagra has nothing on the Jasmine Green Tea.
Best brunch on Clinton st
free wifi. laptops EVERYWHERE.
Get pesto , cream cheese and tomato on poppy seed! Coffee isn't the best but the vibe beats anything...
The cold brew iced coffee is far better than the regular (worth the extra $).
A great, yet pricey spot for a deliciously healthy and quiet meal. Come in the late afternoon to study or work and look down at the bustle below.
Get the special: it's always good.
Hard to find but it's located on the second floor. Healthy alternative but not sure how clean the vegetables are. My kale didn't seem clean (i think it has worm holes in it). Free wifi tho!
Maintaining your mayorship to the cafe without going broke is not ease. . .or is it?
Be sure to have 20 minutes to spare. Food does not come out very quickly!
God this place is good.
Love there food excellent. Hate the politics. I think it's redic That if all i want is a cookie i can't use my cc because there is a 5 dollar minimum greedy. Be grateful that anybody would wanna drop
Supergreens salad with chimichurry dressing is amazing!
Rosemary Seitan Salad...expensive but really good.
Don't come here unless you want to find a worm in your kale!! Ew. Never coming back.
Montana salad.  No avocado, ask for seaweed.  And yes, get the chimichurri dressing! It's that yums
A "yogi's choice" bowl is the perfect meal.
Taco toast (open-face sandwich with black beans, avocado, tomato, vegan sour cream & chimichurri sauce) is a healthy, hearty & delicious snack!
I don't care if a burrito is made by a Hindu Goddess or Jesus himself (herself?) $14 is an insane price to charge. That's messin' with the 99%!
Try the 'Love' smoothie...medjool dates, banana, spirulina powder and almond milk....amazingly delicious and one of my faves on the menu!
The bacon tempeh salad is delish! Free wifi here too.
Yogi's choice all the way!
Tip Bethany!!
Try the Truth Smoothie - Ideal post yoga.  It has almonds, blueberries and soy milk.  (via @Foodspotting)
Montana Salad... black beans and quinoa with avocado served with greens... vry gd... !
Skip out on the yoga classes. Chow down on smoothie and the Burro Diablo.
Support local business! Hard to find a real independent bakery in the city anymore. Owner could not have been sweeter. Get there early for the best picks--everything is baked fresh and does run out!
^_^  OMG, these Banana Chocolate muffins rock. NOM NOM NOM
illy + sticky buns = best tip
BEST damn cookies good coffee good people. wkdays mornins till 5p.
Go Nana's for the best coffee on a good coffee block, and banana bread to make you swoon (the owner's great too, stay to chat if there's not much of a line)
The Scones are amazing, as well as the cupcakes (not just frosting)
Place is bomb. Feather light blinis, awesome infused vodkas, terrific service...worth every penny!
Отличное Русское место в NY!
Try borsh and rabbit cutlets, awesome!!!
no air conditioning and mediocre food
Great place to go to for some delicious Russian food and fun atmosphere! Fried potatoes with mushrooms tasted just like my Mum's! Need to plan my next visit there again soon.
Советую сибирские пельмени и голубцы и очень вкусные фруктовые алкогольные коктейли!
Excelente comida e ambiente!
Girly ambience with floral china, lace tablecloths, and even a pedestal for your purse! Great cocktails pureed with fresh fruit (literally watermelon chunks floating in a melon martini!).
Love this place it's great coming from someone who was raised on Russian food!
Good place for having fun ;)
The strawberry vodka is SO GOOD
good veggie and vegan options. juices too.
Try the Strawberry (via @Foodspotting)
A lovely place for a romantic meal !
МариВана в NY дешевле, чем в СПб! Но все так же вкусно!!!
There is water bottles standing peacefully on each table. You open onr. Then BOWWW, it ****ing costs 12$!
The best desert forever and ever - Onegin! U have to try it, if u here:)
Cucumber martini a must!!
Travel back to old Russia with Mari Vanna's elegant décor, traditional Russian food, and smiling staff. Try their infused vodka and herring with scallions. The combination is divine.
Все как всегда на высшем уровне...Гинза и в Нью Йорке не подкачала!!)))
Make a reservation, and enjoy the Russian Table for two!  The food is off the charts – order the Pelmeni, the Beef Stroganoff and Rabbit Stew.  We’re coming for brunch soon!
LOVE this place!!!
Dick soup is delicious
Some of the best bartenders in the city, great atmosphere, and tons of live advice to go around.
Thruthly love this place! Ouh strawberry martini!
To those unfamiliar with Russian cuisine, strongly recommend national soup "Borscht" and cake "Napoleon".
Horseradish infused vodka, killer martinis and "Barbie Girl" blasting from the stereo in a quaint Russian cottage. Love it.
Table reservation: By phone 212-777-1955 ask for a Manager on DutyBy email marivannanyc@gmail.com
Русская еда! Ginza project
Try their killer $24 lunch!
Amazing food!
alina has a giant ussr butt
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
Deliciously spicy Bloody Mary! Comes with Salami, soft Parmesan-like cheese, and olive for garnish.
This classy 1854 carriage house near Gramercy Park oozes with cozy charm, whether you're by the fireplace, the open kitchen or tucked in the upstairs loft.
Sit outside on a nice night. Make sure you have the Mac & Cheese
nice ambiance.  get the house lasagna or truffle mac 'n cheese - both are excellent!
Perfect for an intimate & quiet date, & the food was superb; I recommend their Butternut squash soup & the House Sundae. Glad I found this place!
Mac n cheese is delicious. One of the best!
Beautifully restored 1854 carriage house. Choose from fireside dining on parlor level, a table on the second floor with a view of Gramercy Park, or a cozy spot at the Chef's Table in the wine cellar.
impeccable food, attentive service, and great ambiance. you can't go wrong with this place!
A #StaffPick simply because their truffle mac and cheese is not to be missed.
Come for the truffle macaroni and cheese; stay for the ice cream cookie sundae! —Sara
grab one of their patio tables and watch the world go by
I love the giant bar stools!
The truffled Mac & Cheese is a must. Perhaps the best I've had in the city.
The Duck 3-ways is really good
The truffle mac 'n cheese is awwwwsome!
Wild boar lasagna...AMAZING!
Butternut squash soup. Amazing
The layered crepes are to die for.
Deviled egg tasting + home fries = A+ brunch
Try the Moroccan Lamb sliders!!
Tyler, the bartender, rocks!
Go downstairs for a more intimate dinner by the kitchen
Good place to take a date if you want things quiet, cute and definitely romantic.
Excellent Egg custard tart...
Manna bakery gw :D
Get "Nai-cha" aka Tea with milk & sugar, hot or cold is a go!
One of four Manna bakeries in Chinatown, the Catherine Street branch is my Fave!
turkey blt with avocado on multi-grain roll. that is all.
Pretty good sandwiches!
Lakpa makes the best sandwiches and Krunal is THE best!
Supplement a tasty vegetarian sandwich with a BluePrintJuice!
They sell some of the same brands Whole Foods has but cheaper (2 for 10 Itoen 2lt tea)
2 for 6 32 oz. Gatorades.
Best deli in LES, they have everything!!! Philly Cheesesteak is amazing!
This place has a great selection of hipster foods.
Nice selection of vegan/vegetarian items in their deli and freezer sections.
Try the Indian Mie Goreng - Strong shrimp paste flavor, I love it. (via @Foodspotting)
The waitress never came back after she served us out food. Won't be back here!! The food was just okay. Dumplings were good though!
Crown Chicken is a MUST (non-spicy), Tangy Soy Pork is TOO GOOD to be true (non-spicy), stingray fish is classic Malaysian (spicy)!
singapore mai fun noodles!
Amazing Seafood Laksa. Incredible Roti. Awful rude service. Also a lot of the rice entrees leave more to be desired. But it's worth it for the amazing Laksa!
Roti canai perfect after having pickle backs at whiskey tavern across the street.
Looking for a bit of heat? Don't leave before ordering a bowl of Laksa Noodle Soup. Dark meat chicken and thick noodles swim in a peppery chili broth with just the right amount of coconut milk.
Always get the roti chanai!
The service here is entertaining to watch. It's like going to the circus.
Try Laksa Seafood/Chiken soup. Curry, little bit spicy, huge and delicious!
Try the Achat (via @Foodspotting)
Pretty standard malaysian/thai fare. Nothing really special in Chinatown. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't do it!  I was craving Beef Rendang I should have looked at the photos posted because it shows their Rendang is not reduced by the runny gravy!  It was bland and the beef was chewy.
Malaysian Chow Fun is outstanding!!
Organization is horrendous, two waiters, following their own methods. One blames my party for having to move an already seated party to a bigger table. While another guides us to the bigger table.
Satay chicken and roti are the best iv had in the US! The main courses we chose lacked flavour completely though (beef in coconut milk on rice, chicken w mangos in sweet n sour sauce, basil chicken.
Everything I've tried here has been very good. Great lunch spot. My goto right now is ginger pork w rice
Sweet basil chicken over rice, end of story
Service is unorganized and the Singapore Mai fun had a horrible burnt taste to it...
Hainanese chicken is very solid.
Great seafood laksa and calamari. Slow and unorganized service.
Adventurous eaters should not miss the sting ray!
dont forget the crispy squid.
yummy shrimp pad thai and ABC for desert :)
The Deep Fried Tofu with Sweet & Spicy Thai Sauce and Beef Rendang are my favorites but everything we had was delicious.
Mango chicken is the BEST!!! Indeed ~Aviva
Roti chanai is one of the best in the city.
The basil chicken stir fry is amazing - peppery & fantastic
omg, the food was absolutely superb. went here on a recommendation and everything we ordered was absolutely devine. tasty, creative foodie dishes. great atmosphere too!
Try the Espresso Brownie - With #caramel #icecream (via @Foodspotting)
Decent food and drink for the price.  Tall ceilings and a modern feel. Went with @gauri @Orion and the LocalResponse team. Decent for groups. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Happy hour everyday at the Punch bar 4-8 PM.
Had a delicious, flavorful turkey burger. Sweet potato fries were good, but couldn't eat too many before I got sweet potatoed out. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
great bar in flatiron. super friendly staff. shot glasses are double-sized. great place for groups - lots of tables easily pushed together.
Worst food ever. First time in my life had to send back a dish. The risotto tasted like watery sand.
Try the Spicy Chorizo Hash And Eggs - Just enough #spice and #chorizo  (via @Foodspotting)
Try cucumber tini & lychee martini cocktails
Do not order the calamari, it's like rubber.  The service is very slow.  Sat here for nearly an hour before we got a chance to order.  Otherwise the food was delicious.
Good place to get a drink and bite before or after a movie at 19th & broadway.
The steak and the risotto were AMAZING. great food!
order the veggie burger. it's tremendous.
An oldie but a goodie in Flatiron. Ck out their $20.95 brunch, includes a cocktail.
Old reliable. Have forgotten about this spot till recent. Great $20,95 brunch including a cocktail.
Try their $20.95 brunch includes a beverage. This is a great go to spot for lunch & dinner. Re-added to my repetoire.
Chris the bartender will treat you right :)
The vibe upstairs is great!  Reasonably priced wine list and great food!
Sixpoint on tap!
Stella Artois on tap for $4 from 4-8. Ask about the daily unlisted wines on the HH menu as well. They claim the edamame is spicy, and they're not lying!
Nice bar area - esp if you are dining solo. Service was a bit slow but the bar menu is perfect for sharing with a group.
The margaritas are excellent
The menu was changed and the prices raised a couple of bucks. That said, the food's still good. I'd stick to the apps and drinks, as the entrees aren't as good as 2008.
Blood Orange Punch ... super yummy!
Have time to kill between events? Stop in to this casual spot and get the spicy edamame and sesame fried calamari. A new 3,000-bottle wine bar, Wined Up, is upstairs.
Get the tempura style green beans as a starter to share with your table. they are awesome.
Get the chocolate cake!
Fill your culinary bucket list with fine dining selections in NYC! Get the MICHELIN Red Guide mobile app, only $0.99 cents for a limited time. http://bit.ly/NYapp
Divino todo lo que comimos... prueben sentarse en la barra los stool son para dos personas :D
"The glittering Plateau De Fruits De Mar menus can be ordered from the raw bar, the green market menu, or “For the Table” during brunch. Whichever platter (Petit $35.00, Grand $65, Royale $90)..."
Meat-lovers will definitely love this place. There's so many types of meat that it blows you away! And it's all so good...
The Burger Trio is a really fun option for groups!
Go to the bar. Ask for Troy. Ask Troy for a Carmen. WHATADRINK!!!
Great burger!
Bone marrow!
Gazpacho is amazing !
Blood sausage is fantastic!
Sitting at the bar is great, Troy is the best bartender in Manhattan!
The last burger I had tasted more like a brick of charcoal than what their burgers should taste like... caveat emptor.
Sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages sausages
Food here is excellent. Servings are a buy small for the money though. They have a full pig option that ull need to give them 72hours notice on. Table next to us had it. Looked great.
Love that they always follow proper dining etiquette and don't clear til everyone's finished.. Unlike every other restaurant un NYC
Get the frenchie and enjoy the beer selection.
Don't sleep on this chocolate-hazelnut sundae. These people know what they're doing. Get it after dinner here or come in just for this dessert.
If you like a good Old Fashioned with your fancy wieners, Daniel Bouloud's got you covered.
If you get here before 7 the prix fixe is a great value.Le pied de cochon paired with asparagus and a can franc is outstanding!
The yankee burger!
Meat cravings will be totally satisfied here. Lively crowd. Great beer and wine selection. Masculine portions and style.
Nice atmosphere, good food, outdoor seating in the summer, nice cocktails.
Recommend the Dark Rum - Ginger Beer Sundae. It's the adult way to do dessert.
Bronx brewery, nothing else!
Favorite bar atmosphere- amazing drinks, fun bar tenders, good food!
This place is a festival of bros in untucked button-downs. So it's appropriate that the menu is all about sausage. And it's damn good -- especially the Vermont and the Korean.
Three variations on the hamburger, the most simple of which - the American - is the winner, but the price of admission is relatively high
Sample every sausage. Eat slowly and discuss the taste & texture with your meal-mates.
Sausages are the best.
Lmao at Jay D. My prices always the same.
WATCH OUT FOR MIKE CHANGING PRICES ON SHIT...!!
Smoking permitted in restaurant
$5 falafel roll + drink is #totesamaze. Four toppings included. MAKE SURE TO SIT AT A TABLE WITH TISSUE BOX
Best falafel, really crispy and not oily. Let them put everything on it and then get the curry mayo. Great flavor. The wrap is really thin and doesn't overpower with breadiness.
The $5 falafel special is probably the best cheap meal in the city.
Staff is totally not rude... I'm a regular here and the staff is fine. Food is consistently tasty and cheap. Perfect grab and go. Try the jalapeño dressing!
They actually cook the tortilla for the wrap right in front of you. Talk about fresh! Very very tasty!
Found the chicken tough and the food pretty bland in general but filling. The pita had no taste. Had the Mediterranean platter with grilled chicken.
The hummus wrap loaded with veggies is a great $6 lunch
The $5 falafel special is the bomb! With 4 toppings and a drink. And this falafel snob thinks their falafel is awesome. Love this place!
The garlic jalapeño sauce is spicy - ay caramba - get it
The wraps are so big you don't really need fries, soup or salad!!!
Guy's a little gruff but the hummus pita is awesome
Try the club wrap with garlic jalapeño sauce AMAZING!!! For 12$ you can get a huge wrap, fries, and a drink. They're super friendly and the food is amazing!!
Best falafel! They have whole wheat pitas too!
$4.50 Hummus Pita w 4 toppings! Good stuff!
Sometimes you need a late night snack!!! After a soul searching movie.....etc
Food is goood here.  :-)
$8 for a massive wrap of fresh veggies! Awesome
Ok, this place is Rapid! Know what you want from the menu before you step up. This place is a beautiful machine of fast fresh food!
The hummus or the falafel wrap is the shit!
Charged me the wrong price for a salad after I asked them how much it was before I ordered. I told them this and they didn't care. Jerks.
Make sure you know what you want because the staff is RUDE. (except the cashiers)
Just opened and they ate extremely slow and disorganized.
i almost always get the salt codfish ensalada de bacalao or bacalao guisada. salad or stew, its very tasty either way!
Go on Saturday. Order Roast Pork. Have orgasm with your mouth.
Try the cafe con leche. It's amazing
Don't be afraid of the old-world interior and noisy Spanish conversations - we're all just here to eat great food! :)
This tastes like I'm sitting in mi abuelita's kitchen eating with family. And that's the best compliment you can give a place. Just amazingly good PR food.
Best Pollo guisado con arroz habiechulas y tostones #Mouth watering
cheap | rice and beans | nearly worthy of landmark spanish dive |
得人心者得天下,毛主席仁厚所以得天下,蒋介石独裁专政所以不得人心不得天下,邓小平遭骂名也是不得人心.邓小平的后代们考虑考虑,为什么人民骂你爹?
Phenomenal
Don't drink espresso, it's shitty here
Verdadero sabor puertorriqueño.
Mofongo FTW
Freaking great Puerto Rican food! The pork cutlet and the pork chops are so freaking delicious! Really good place for food if you're in the area.
The platanos maduros are the bombbbbb!
Sit at the counter, order the oatmeal, sprinkle some cinnamon on it, and enjoy the old-school charm of the place.
Sopa de mondongo is awesome!! Tripe
Try the Flan with a Cafe Expreso
Winner of Best Puerto Rican in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Get dinner, or creamy café con leche for a afraction of the price of most area coffeeshops.
Coffee is strong and oh-so damn good.
Must try: chuletas fritas with the green garlic, tostones and advocado salad.
Roast chicken, yellow rice and red beans ftw!
N-Sider favorite: This is one of our top places to stop to taste a variety of good standard Latin dishes, done right! From the flan, to the tender roast pork, to the cafe con leche. Everything is good
the best breakfast deal in Chelsea!
Try the roast pork with white rice and green peas.
$6.50 for 2 slices and a fountain drink.
One of the last authentic Puerto Rican food places left on the west side.
If you are in the area, stop by. Best Spanish coffee.
I used to think the cafe con leche here was pretty good. But after trying it recently, I think I was mistaken.
I really love this place. So much charm. Amazing cafe con leche. Delicious super sweet oatmeal.
Go to La Taza and order your entire meal in Spanish
My tip is to not go here. Cocktails suck and generally disappointed by the food given the prices.
Try the bacon wrapped dates!!!
Pre fixe for large groups is ridiculous!! SO much food. So tasty.
Get the lamb meatballs!!
Hands down the worst topless bar in Manhattan.
The quail egg tapas are amazing!!
Try the Albondigas con Txipirones - Pork meatballs, baby squid a la plancha, baby carrots,  Marcona almonds in Tinta allioli. (via @Foodspotting)
One of the best tapas I've had in the city. Kale salad, lamb, prawns, potatoes. More of this please.
Really liked this place. Dates with bacon, kale, carrot and cumin salad and those lamb skewers.
what is there not to love? personal favorites are the lamb meatballs, serrano ham and mushroom croquettes, dates with bacon, espinaca dish and flat bread with mushroom, chorizo and caramelized onion
Sit at the bar, David is a great host
Definitely better than Pipa wrt food, but not ambience. Jamon Serrano and fuet r great options along with the sangria. Try the ham cremosas and Gambas in garlic sauce amzng ! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Broccoli con valdeon-brilliant, Espinacas a la catalana- too much salt Patatas bravas- flavorful, Aged manchego- fantastic,Sangrias- best I've had in NYC. Not great service (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Broccoli con valdeon-brilliant, Espinacas a la catalana- too much salt Patatas bravas- flavorful, Aged manchego- fantastic,Sangrias- best I've had in NYC. Not great service (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Broccoli con valdeon-brilliant, Espinacas a la catalana- too much salt Patatas bravas- flavorful, Aged manchego- fantastic,Sangrias- best I've had in NYC. Not great service (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the pimientos de padrón and the pan con tomate. And ask for beer sangría - yes, really.
If you don't get the bacon-wrapped dates, you've wasted your time.
You wish you came first.
One of Jose Andres' favorite NYC restaurants.  Tapas style place
Try the Bombas de la Barceloneta (via @Foodspotting)
Fantastic, AUTHENTIC Spanish tapas! Was a nice return from Spain, after our craving for the cuisine. Filled that hungry void for some good Tortilla, Squid & Croquetas nicely. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Iberico Pata Negra (via @Foodspotting)
Check in and get one free sangria!
The seats at the bar are comfortable, and a nice view to the tapas while the cheff prepares them. Great ambient and free sangria with the checkin!
Incredible Wine List & EXCELLENT Customer Service!!
The bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almond & cheese are succulent. And the sangria is top-notch.
Best bunelos.
Food purists and chefs alike concur that the tapas and pinxtos served at Boqueria are some of the most delicious and true-to-Spain flavors found in Manhattan.
Could be a nice place If you could hear yourself think. Wines at the real Boqueria in Barcelona are better and cost a fraction. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Ask the waiter for the specials!
wa wa wa wa --- wa wa wa wa
Some tall skinny rude guy is over charging for a begal with cream cheese.  I am always charged $1.00 + tax and he is trying to charge me $1.75
Cheerful, efficient staff. My favorite Starbucks in the City. No contest.
For great NYC coffee shops, check out The Coffee Crawl at www.thecoffeecrawl.com
The fastest iced coffee in NYC!!!
Get the Three Jane Special:  Green Tea Latte with Light Ice, Skim Milk, and Maybe a Pump of Sugar-Free Vanilla :)
They have places to plug in to charge!
Still my favorite *$$ in the city- great atmosphere, amazing staff.
Free wifi!
If you're looking for new Apartment to rent or purchase in Chelsea or the West-village let me know.  Vicario Brensley Phillip of MNS 212-729-6298 or vbp@mns.com
Trying to cut calories? They have the calories listed kn all of the drinks on the menu.
Jenny is awesome love coming by to chat with her
The only starbucks around Chelsea left with an electric outlet!
Grab an Iced Green Tea Lemonade and set in Jackson Square Park with a good book...best way to relax.
There is a great take a book/leave a book shelf along the wall towards the back. Make sure to check it out before you leave.
I am really do read book.... I am drawing sketchbook..
Amazingly friendly staff...a great neighborhood place to stop by.
Great people watching spot, recommend getting here before 10:30am on the weekends if you want a fighting chance at a table.
My favorite Starbucks! If Tiffany is there, she's the most amazing barista ever....better than me even. And that's saying alot.
Be sure to buy some instant coffee. Otherwise your beloved barista faces threats of corrective action and termination. Not kidding.
Wifi is very slow... impossible to do work
OMG! Their Christmas on the Beach rocks! Coconut, mint, cardamom and espresso!
Where NYC tech startups intimidated by Coffee Shop take their coffee meetings.
they do a real café cubano aka cafecito here! sugar IN the grounds as they pull the shot. get it.
Macadamia Nut Mocha is bangin!
Macadamia nut mocha yummyy !!!!!!!!!
Go to spot for awesome coffee
Everything here is made with care (ie slowly)
Decent coffee, great cafe atmosphere, and lots of seating. But if you're serious about getting a good cup, you're better off around the corner at Joe.
Chocolate chip cookies are to die for!!
Nice array of pasties, pies, and cakes with some lunch options.  Also a great place for those looking for some coffee free options such as tea, cider, and horchata.
One of my favorite spots in the city. I only wish they were open later. Free wi-fi, excellent coffee, tasty baked goods, friendly staff.
a great spacious area with comfy seating to unwind, chat, work or people-watch. the macadamia nut mocha is insanely good.
Try the iced coffee sangria, its like starting your morning with a mini fiesta!
Mon-Fri 6 am - 10 pm Sat-Sun 7 am - 10 pm
wi-fi network: WEBbeams-BourbonCoffee wi-fi password: free with purchase - via 4sqwifi.com
wi-fi network: WEBbeams- Bourbon Coffee wi-fi password: free wifi with purchase  - via 4sqwifi.com
Try the amaretto dream. It's really an orgasm in your mouth. Safe is super friendly and you can ask question! Atmosphere is cozy.
Try the amaretto dream. It's an orgasm in your mouth. Friendl
Lovely and super friendly staff, good price but most of all very good and tasty coffee
Try the Blueberry Bar - It's crunchy, chewy and delicious  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Macadamia Nut Mocha - Woah!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Caramel Indulgence Espresso - Pretty damn sweet. I can actually taste the coffee though :)  (via @Foodspotting)
The tip jar has a big sign on it that says KARMA. If that doesn't make you leave something, I don't know what will.
The tip jar has a big
Try the macadamia nut mocha latte! And leave a tip in the Karma jar!!
Try the Coffee - Sweet and milky.  (via @Foodspotting)
One of the best coffee shop atmospheres in NYC.
Try the Cafe Cubano - Good, sweet and bitter.  (via @Foodspotting)
the internet is wonky, don't take your laptops.
So there are two dinner prix fixe options, got the $18 for an appetizer, one regular roll and one special roll. Ordered avocado salad, eel avocado roll and Dancing Eel. Awesomely sized portions!
Average Chinese run sushi. Decent prices.
The service is awfully slow. Also the cashier disappears a lot.
Excellent lunch value, but expect brusque service
~$10 lunch specials (esp. the bento boxes) are amazing...enough food for even me!
Very interesting roll menu. I can't even pick one. Then I go for my sashimi deluxe.
Try the Flaming Dragon Roll - Delicious mix of crab, eel and avocado with a flaming eel sauce. (via @Foodspotting)
Just when I thought I wasn't crazy about sushi anymore this place reminds me why Iove it. Delicious sushi.
Try the Miso...it's very good.
STUDENTS: Get 10% off!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php!
Great sushi at reasonable prices. Get the phoenix roll!
best sushi off 14th street!
I love this place!!! Come for lunch and you'll love it forever:)
Great lunch specials. The 3 roll one is a lot of food for 11 bucks
awesome lunch deals all under $9. I die for the ten don.
Rolls are nice!
the only place that carries spiced ham...yum!
Free wi-fi!
Dumplings are excellent
Big wide noodles yo.
All out-of-towners visiting me get a trip here, with an order of Vegetable Hand-Pulled Noodles (comes w/a steamy side of umami Tofu!) and some steamed dumplings to start, one of my fav meals in NYC
Knife peeled noodles are so good and made right there in the restaurant
Don't read these tips before you arrive or you may get drool on your shirt. (I did.)
Beef hand-pulled noodles for $6! Ask for extra cilantro & dump a ton of chili oil in it. Sweet & spicy cucumber salad on the side. Oh, and stick your head into the kitchen to see the chefs at work!
HOLY SHIT. This place is LEGIT. The noodles were so chewy and there are not 2, or 3 but 5 variations of noodles to choose from. Dumplings were the best I've ever had. So juicy and so flavorful. Godam.
Even the non-fried boiled veggies are good if you're watching your arteries.
Nothing here disappoints. Try the dumplings. Some of the best I have ever had.
Knife pulled noodles with a side of baby bok choy.
pan fried fat hand pulled noodles with beef and chicken. And dumplings!
As its name suggests, you'll find fresh, hand-pulled noodles here. Delicious.
While noodles are the thing here, they make great boiled dumplings if you are willing to wait.
Serious Eats, best hand pulled noodles in Chinatown
The fried pork dumplings are awesome.
i think the name of this restaurant is self explanatory. tiny, cheap, fast, no frills.
Get the beef noodle soup with knife cut noodles.
Try the no. 1 house special soup and mixed beef soup.
Have to get the hand pulled noodles they are the best ever!
I've tried the knife-pulled and the standard hand pulled and hand pulled wins. Get the veggie and tofu noodles for a streaming sweet and salty tofu plate. And DON'T forget the steamed dumplings!!!
Chicken dumplings are amazing
Knife cut.
My second in command when excellent pork chop house is closed tues. A cure for my coming cold
BYOB if you want to
BEST NOODLES EVER!!! Fat hand pulled noodles are so good!
Guy Fieri enjoys the Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodle, in New York, NY, on Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Find more tips at Food Network Local.
the hand pulled noodles while good are not as good as the knife peeled or rice noodles..... so good
Tasty is actually an understatement of the had pulled awesomeness that THPN puts out! We covet the knife cut noodles with duck and the pan-fried chicken! Pure deliciousness!
They were temporarily closed and while we thought it closed down for health regulations, turns out they just got a face lift plus added basement seating!
Noodle soups are BOMB!
Lamb sandwich is amazing and huge. Always great food.
The best hummus in the city. Hands down.
Excellent roast chicken with potatoes. All entrees are not snack sized and can be shared.
This is the best Greek food in New York City! I wish I lived above this place so I could eat here every day!
follow us on twitter... @snacksoho    friend us or like us on facebook... facebook.com/snacksoho
How am I the first to review this awesome, atypical, tiny, Greek spot? Grilled eggplant is amazing as was the lamb sandwich. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
all about the roasted chicken lunch salad special and the lemonade
Lamb Sandwich
Lamb Sandwich here is incredible
Cute and cozy Greek spot in Soho. Try the Greek salad, hummus and chicken borecki. Our tip: If you can, wait a few more minutes for the window table and skip the bathroom.
Try the Greek food.
Lamb sandwich is awesome! I'm picky about how my lamb is prepared but they do an awesome job!
I think everything is good here because the ingredients are all fresh
the roast chicken and the branzino are the best main dishes, but you could easily just order a ton of awesome appetizers as your meal. the Greek salad is tastier in the summer a bit mealy in winter.
one delicious lamb sandwhich. #drool
A tiny shack that serves great Greek snacks and so much more, so why stop at the meze? Go for the fresh and tasty entrées, too.  - Inspector
Veggie souvlaki for lunch is ze best!
Very popular but cozy- be prepared to wait. 60 Thompson concierge Paul recommends the lamb sandwich.
Fantastic grape leaves!
Lemon orzo soup and beet salad, amazing!
Fava. Best overlooked dish on the menu. And yes, this is yours truly the mayor.
Best baklava my mother's ever had.
Veggie souvlaki--great bread and butter beans inside!!!
A great place to meet celebrities,  cewebrites, or both, like Vin Vacanti.
Spinach Pie w/ Greek Salad
the lamb sandwich is AMAZING
Domaine Spiropoulos' "mantinia", based on the moschofilero grape variety, exhibits citrus and acid highlights that works well with the cuisine.  Enjoy!
The Greek salad is both delicious and authentic. The savory pies are good but there are better menu items.
I've never had a better Greek salad in my life. Seriously, never! The Avgolemono soup is super light and delicious too, paired with the salad, it's a perfect lunch!
The lamb sandwhich!!! Get it!!!
Sleek, candlelit wine bar featuring excellent an Italian wine list, is one of the city's most romantic and underrated spots. Winner of Village Voice Best of NYC Critic's choice for best wine bar!
Broccoli and Brussels
Eat this, FTW: broccoli, pici pasta, gnocchi, sweetbreads, duck pate, scallops, spare ribs, donut dessert, salted caramel chocolate gelato, strawberry thing dessert & ask for wine pairings w/all
The honey pot and Ron burgundy are amazing to start. Actually you could skip dessert and just lick the caramel rim of the honey pot. You'll look a little weird but you might make some friends.
Really enjoyed it. Small plates are the way to go. Fried broccoli dish and chicken liver mouse are excellent. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Breadsticks, burrata, chunky gelato
The broccoli fritto will change your life!
Cute hidden Italian restaurant! I don't wanna take anyone here but special friends!!! ;)
Try the Italian Toast (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Crispy Veal Sweetbreads (via @Foodspotting)
Great hidden spot. The broccoli is so good.
Any pasta. Fantastic.
Try the lamb ragu... Delish!
Tucked away in the LES. This place has it all. Atmosphere, food & service that will impress even your toughest food critic. Musts: Broccoli tempura, pork rillettes, & short rib pasta.
Great food, amazing drinks, small batch tequilas, along with great pasta across the board.
Tempura broccoli!
You're almost there. Try Stellina for some of the best gelato in NYC.
Best ice cream in the city!
Broccoli.  Pate de fegato.  Any pasta.
Ignore these other mutants & go straight for the broccoli. Top it off with donuts.
Show your weenis for a free beer!
Howie's underpants
The Village Voice voted this Best Breadsticks in the Best Of New York poll!
Great Italian food, we recommend the risotto with bacon and cauliflower
gnocchi are unreal. bombolini are a great choice for dessert. music ties it all together, 1 amazing song after another. must warn you, open kitchen makes this place so warm. avoid during heat waves.
Start your evening with the Honeypot.
Loved beef agnolotti, lamb ragu tajarin, ramps risotto, spinach side & burrata special. For dessert: order bambaloni & pb gelato. To drink: gin cocktail or dolcetti di dogliani 2008 red wine.
minature gnocchi and chicken liver pate are a great late night snack.
English muffin pate and the lasagne are the winners!
Eat the tajarin or you're a loser.
Stellina reopened with window service only, no seating, but still offers their densely-flavored gelato, along with inconsistent Counter Culture coffee.
Try the CB & J sandwich - Cashew butter and cranberry jam on seeded whole wheat (via @Foodspotting)
Roasted Turkey Sandwich
turkey sandwich bacon jam
Grissini snack
Winner of Best Gelato in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! They turn gelato tradition on its head - our favorite kooky flavor is Bananimal.
Roasted Turkey Sandwich: Neatly layered creation on buttermilk bread, with a flavorful jam of shallot and bacon. Garlic aioli follows to finish it off. Prepared hot—bread toasted, podda cheese melted.
Try the exquisitely chunky sorella, massive scoops laced with rich, earthy drizzles of Valrhona fudge with crunchy bits of chocolate-dipped pretzels. It’s one of our #100best dishes & drinks of 2011.
If you haven't had the turkey sandwich here, you're missing out. Two words: bacon jam. Featured in Cheap Eats 2011!
Their turkey sandwich is PHENOMENAL! You have to try it!
Trying the arugula salad with tuna
Try the delicious cake!
try a scoop of the tangerine and grapefruit sorbet together :)
Fantastic! Just avoid the Chili burger on a date, very messy ;)
a place for lard ||
The best pancakes on this side of town...
Worse service ever. Hot open sandwich us not meat on a plate... and then you have the nerve to argue with me about it? Fuck that.
French toast with strawberries are the best
People say this place is bad, but I had no complaints! Great atmosphere and tasty breakfast.
Doesn't matter what you ordered or how you ordered it, the waiter will bring whatever he chose to hear.
Horrible food and surly service. Leave now!
Good sweet potato fries but not really worth it otherwise
Horrible! Worst service ever food was mediocre.
Really bad
Just noticed the C grade in the front window!!! You'd think the waiters would be friendlier
Well, they have a 'C' right now.  So they have that going for them.
Banana-blueberry-coconut pancakes. My tongue just orgasmed
The chicken in their Tracy Towers burger has bones in it. I'd ask them to take it out. It tastes awesome though!
Just tried for the first time. So good!!! Lovely employees also!!
Hot chocolate affogato with a scoop of hazel if you like hot and cold sensations.
Everything is amazing. Try the fiordelatte and black cherry.
A cute cozy place.  Tried yogurt gelato.
hazelnut is the bomb
Free gelato with no purchase necessary using scoutmob.
Didn't honor Scoutmob coupon. Don't waste your time coming.
Show your Scoutmob coupon screen for a free taste!
Try the Fiordilatte!
Peanut is the best flavor, very rich
The mango is to die for!!
Bacio is delicious. Friendly staff, too.
The ZEE AYE sandwich and a Samurai. What else is there?
The coffee is great and much more reasonable than DD next door.
Go to Chipotle's instead. The staff was nice, but the food was overpriced and not very flavorful or good.
I know, I know. Going to a Mexican place and getting a burger?! But I was hungry, and it was there, and that's why I was craving. And it was gooood...
Ask for the hot sauce!
Slow service. Won't be back.
This colorful, casual spot serves traditional Mexican dishes as well as American fare. Lunch combos include a soup and Oaxaca salad with grilled chicken, corn and cilantro.
Food is disgusting. Chicken enchiladas were full of bones and cartilage
You need to know what to pick here. The Fish Tacos ate what get and Horchata agua de arroz a rice water and ground tiger nuts.
Don't get... I repeat do not get the chicken tacos. They are absolutely blah. The fish taco is on point.
This place blows. Staff is blah and the food matches. Overpriced and they overcharged me a dollar. I had the tacos Veracruz and the tortilla sucked. Guac wasn't half bad though!
ask for the hot sauce.... its so good!!<3
Best Sunday brunch in the hood!
The food is good but it is a little over priced and they give you as little as possible
Five dollars for a Tecate? Yeah, no thanks. Go somewhere else.
The Tacos Veracruz are the best thing on the menu
Not that good to be honest. My tip... Find another place to eat at.
Weekend brunches are great!
excellent food!  excellent service!
Enchiladas Poblanos awesome
Fast service, but my friends and I have made better tacos. A quick fix for those craving simple Mexican flavors.
More like a dinner with some Latin influence. Not much to choose from.
This is a great late night hang. Open till 4am, great DJ, world music to disco. Great bartenders. Good guys.
good bar for after work drinks!
Try the Mediterranean platter. Healthy and tasty.
This North African inspired bar and restaurant, open 7 days a week, has a menu that's part bistro, part tapas, featuring a wide selection of small mix-and-match plates and solid Mediterranean entrees
The right spot to grab the perfect lemonade to nurse a hangover.
Cool atmosphere, crappy hummus
Horribly slow service, the tortilla was served warm and not room temperature as it should be, and they added a 20% tip automatically. Never again.
Bad service. We waited a long time for our food and the bill. And they automatically gave themselves a 20% tip. Not coming back here.
Great very late place to hang.   Great DJ most of the time playing world (Afro beat, like Fela Kuta) music. Along with other music to get your butt moving
Don't miss out on the warm Brie.
Remember "Unfaithful" - Diane Lane and Olivier Martinez' hot bathroom sex scene. Yep, it was @ Cafe Noir.
The spicy meatballs are an absolute MUST.
Great place for breezy Saturday afternoon beers in spring/summer.
Great late, very late place to go. Great but small place with a great DJ . With a good mix of Afropop, house, world tunes. Mixed downtown crowd.
Great place + friendly owner
They don't open till noon.
This place is VERY interesting. They only take AMEX or cash - no visa/MC. The food is all very good and the crowd is amazingly diverse. Would recommend it for anyone but tourists will like this.a lot
DexterLawrence spins deep funky soul house Mondays 10pm-2am. Drink specials for industry night. The only late night menu downtown. http://www.facebook.com/djdexterlawrence
Moroccan ice tea, black 40.
Dj on Sunday, good mellow music, ask for ur shaken margarita.. Cheers
Best mojitos! Delicious duck! ^^
LOVE the mushroom risotto!
Austin is the best bouncer ever !
Great place for light bite and drink for lunch or after work. Octopussy salad rocks.
The fried Brie is Heaven
Only accepts American Express or cash. The cute little mouse running along the floor was free.
Excellent muscles & frites!
Excellent muscles & frites!
Avoid Steak Tartar! Totally frozen big chunks of who knows what. Horrific. Mushroom risotto is good but on the heavy side.
The Moroccan pizza is one of NYC's best hangover helpers. Believe me, I've been a fan for over 10 years.
Get the desserts they're worth the calories
Nice Prie Fix. Dumpling duo + Salmon + Rock salt sundae with caramel popcorn and caramel?! Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.
please ignore those crab cakes everyone else is talking about. serious. instead: lamb chops, wild mushrooms, bacon mac & cheese.
I disagree with all the tips about the pretzel crab cake. I was not impressed. Go with the duck meatballs.
Burger King Coupon - Where To Get Burger King Coupons For FREE look at http://bit.ly/FastFoodCoupons
Slow seevice. I saw a couple waiters walk by but they pretended they didn't see our dirty plates in 15 mins. The manager was patroling and he didn't see it either. Double fail.
Underwhelmed. Don't get the veal - no flavor.
A great deal is their "Pancake Social" menu (weekend brunch) offers various pancakes dishes for $5! Their Bloody Mary with Bourbon is worth it.
The pretzel crab cake is to die for.  And don't leave with out dessert!
$6.50 for a iced tea. No refills. You've been warned.
Burger and fries are a delicious choice. If you get the burger - flip it over immediately. Otherwise the bottom of the English muffin will get all soggy :(
Best tuna tacos in nyc and Brunch is a must!
best service around.
Don't bother for breakfast: typical, overpriced hotel fare. You're better off here for dinner.
I'd give the food a 1/5, service a 4/5, and the decor a 4/5. The wine and fries were the best part of the meal... and, the fries were good, not great.
Try the Lobster Soup - Delicious  (via @Foodspotting)
restaurant week lunch is a great value. don't miss tuna tartare tacos. softshell crab BLT is impossible to eat without a mess, tasty. strawberry shortcake parfait has layers of confetti birthday cake!
Try the tuna tartare tacos and thank me later.
Great menu for restaurant week!  Tuna tar tar tacos are delicious!  Watermelon & procciutto mmm so fresh and tasty
delicious: lamb. tar tare tacos. drunken brownie dessert.
Killed a rabbit for diner -_-
uests watch cooks assemble creative variations such as a black-and-white pancake with vanilla and chocolate fondant ($10), and a savory pastrami-salmon twist that tops three buttermilk discs.
I absolutely love this place. It's great in NY and in Chicago. The 55 day dry aged porterhouse for two is a meat-gasm. Order it medium rare, and it order the beef fat jalapeno fries and asparagus!
The David Burke Kitchen hosted a garden party to celebrate their outdoor opening on May 22, 2012 http://exm.nr/KBOAZU
Try the Swedish Mule cocktail - Karlsson's Gold Vodka with ginger beer, bitters, and lime juice!
Ask to sit out on the deck on a sunny day!
Def. try the daily main course special! The lobster & sweetbread is great too!
The tuna tartar tacos are divine.
Try the Pastrami Salmon Pancakes - With horseradish creme fraiche it's a brilliant breakfast  (via @Foodspotting)
Man..I love this place..Garden opening tonight for a few lucky people as the get geared up for summer. come on down, limited..I'll be there baby.
FUCK TOURISTS.
Tradicional e maravilhoso
Fantastic French cuisine. I would recommend Steak Tartare and Steak au  Poivre. A good Bourdeaux wine matches very nice.
amazing steak frites. the garlic butter is unbelievable. french onion soup is also great
amazing steak frites. the garlic butter makes the steak
Best brunch in SoHo. Great people watching, you never know who you'll be rubbing elbows with at any given time.
Two words: Duck. Confit. #yum
Make a reservation or be ready to wait
gftdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdr
a must try is an afternoon oyster plate with a kir royal!
Risotto with lobster and truffle is superb
Great place to have some wine and cheese ! Oh and don't forget to have one of those yummy hard boiled eggs that is offered at the bar.. ;o)
great busy & yummy place for breakfast, lunch & dinner!
Martinis, oysters, escargots, pot de creme
It was great. Really nice staff. Had the sour cream hazelnut waffles with the espresso.
Really good food and service!!
Me encanto el Brunch, la atención de primera y los bloody mary divinos... la decoración alucinante
escargots and martini
Phenomenal Appetizers: Steak Tartare, Warm Goat Cheese and Caramelized Onions Tart... :)
Eggs Benedict - Great stuff
"At the Soho brasserie, "Le Grand "($95) is a platter of solely oysters while "Le Balthazar "($145) is loaded with three tiers: a bottom layer of oysters and clams, a middle tier containing a..."
Love the steak tartare (without onions) here.
The giant tower of seafood is an absolute necessity.
ÁT Balthazar for brunch with friends
Os turistas mal educados, acabam com o lugar! _ poorly educated tourists end up with the place!
NYC must...
Really good experience...english risotto and deserts are perfect...
Amazing breakfast options, like scrambled eggs in puffy pastry, eggs en cocotte or red fruit waffles. At lunch and dinner, everything is also perfect.
One of my favorites! To start ask for the Chicken liver w foie grass mousse, a nice wine and then the classic bar steak. Nham!
This place is famous for its brunch-- and for good reason! Its elaborate French dishes and bread basket from its own bakery next door make for a lovely Parisian-style meal with friends and family.
You need a reservation for the restaurant: 965-14-14.
The best cheesecake and french pastry
Get the vanilla cannelet!!
Thank you everyone we take pride in making great tasting food every time
Best pizza in town!!! The platters are cooked to perfection. Chicken parm platter is highly recommend!!
$5 can get you a plate of spaghetti with chicken cutlets and a can of soda. Go, eat, and love it!
Chicken parm was yummy. Got 1 to bring back to the bronx, had to share. Wish i got 2
Best calzone's around and with 2.50 a slice, why is there question? Leave the guys a tip.
pizza junkie has new owners, new recipes, and new prices!! come down and try it out!
Under new management!! New recipes, prices - New everything!!
Vegan pizza option!!
Got food poisoning here from a Chicken sandwich.
Not the greatest but good for a quick cheap omelette
If you come here enough, they remember your exact order. And their sandwiches are DELICIOUS.
2 things to get but you have to ask them to make it this way : fried egg sausage and cheese on a poppy seed roll. Must ask for the fried egg. And blt and e. E for egg, fried egg with crispy bacon.
Fast, decent, cheap, to-go breakfast.
Really bad. Stale food & poor service.
Try their grilled cheese - simple, delicious, and foolproof :)
Large coffee with milk - no need for sugar at all.  Don't forget a bacon, egg and cheese on bialy of course
Large coffee with Half & Half and NO SUGAR! (I insist on raw, unprocessed sugar from the office)
Large coffee, milk and sugar
Unfortunately our Guest Crusader didn't have a good experience, but we believe in second chances!
The best place for cupcakes in the city!  Friendlier than Billy's and tastes better too!
This place blows Billy's out of the water!!!! So so so deliciously amazing treats! Thanks Mark!!
Hottest New Bakery in NYC
Food Bloggers John & Elana Iaciofane say, “City Cakes has hands down the best cakes. Noteworthy are the pumpkin spice and the Key lime, with flavorful icing that is substantial and not too sweet.”
Get the half-pound cookies. It takes two days to finish one!
Cookies and cupcakes are stale and lack any sense of excitement. Go around the block to Lulu instead.
Their cupcakes are extremely exquisite and unbelievably yummy. Im def. A BIG FAN I try to buy their cupcakes at least every week. YUM
Right now cupcakes buy 3 get 1 free
Their cookies are HUGE and delicious !
Buy 3 cupcakes get 1 free at City Cakes!
City Cakes are whimsically designed, skillfully executed, and sinfully delicious desserts that rival works of art in beauty and creative flair. We're dreaming of cream cheese frosting...
The BEST place for cupcakes leave magnolia for the clueless tourists
You can't see the place from across the street as it is in the lower level. Just walk close to the address and you can see it
Try the Amaretto Cupcake with Sinful Buttercream Icing.
It is a dangerously delicious place, as you may not want to go anywhere else for cupcakes again.  The red velvet cupcakes are wonderful!
The chocolate spice cookies are the best cookies imaginable!  It dangerous tol
Best cookie in manhattan. I promise you this.
This is the most outstanding giant gooey chocolate cookie in the city. It should be called the giant molten chocolate blowout
Fast service when the NYU kids don't beat you to the line after getting out of class 
Veggie burger platter is awesome!
Good iced coffee + bagel place
hummus sandwich for $3.95 is super fresh and plenty big. definitely adding this spot to the lunch rotation.
This place uses 100% fresh vegys.Their juices are pure and thier prices are great.The Green juice is a must try.
This place uses 100% fresh vegys.Their juices are pure and thier prices are great.The Green juice is a must try.
Only ever been here for the bagels but it's so convenient to NYU I can't say no.
best bite to eat if you're on your way to 194 mercer
Spicy veggie burger platter. One of the best burgers, of any kind, that's ever graced my mouth
If you like your sandwich spicy, ask for the jalapeno spread. Yum!
Try the Kosheri, spicy. It's an Egyptian dish and its delicious.
Good hummus, falafel, baba ganoush sandwiches and platters. The shakes and juices good too.
Good stuff, but tried to charge 5.95 for menu item (juice) that's 5.50. Made up few lame/fake reasons before saying his manager sets the $. Manager told him to give me the menu price. Pretty shady...
all fruit juice - banana lime apple...try it, the mayor insists. and veggie burger platter, but you already knew that
All-you-can for dinner is a move.
Disappointing.. We paid for an all you and eat and drink- all we did was drink wine like it was water. 18 girls, 2 salads, 2 plates of meatballs and 2 hours later mediocre pizza? Not cool... Feel me?
Disappointed that they change their bread. It's not the pizza dough like the used to have. And the red sauce on meatballs is now different. Tastes like it came from a can vs the fresh tomatoes before
Great service, sweet brunch special. Came in well after typical brunch hours and they still sat us and refilled our glasses without being asked. Perfect in my book
Stephen is the greatest waiter. How lovely and nice.
Get the Pear and Gorganzola Ravioli.  DELICIOUS. Hands down the best dish.  And our server, Stephen, was super welcoming and friendly.
Get the Caprino pizza. The caramelized onions are killer.
Pesto Chicken Pizza is Delish!
Solid pizza; amazing meatballs. Probably should try the meatball pizza... (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great woodfired oven pizza, draft beer and great salads for sharing. Mmmmm...
Pizza Finocchio is real good!
The brunch special is unreal!  Unlimited mimosas!
Food is great, but service is meh. Go for delivery and just avoid the frustration.
Meatballs are quite tasty.
The pesto chicken pizza is cute
ok pizza  but they have a good happy hour
One pizza can feed two and there is $3 pbr! Good deal.
Get the caprino pizza, and the Brussels sprouts, and if you are up for wine, the Nero D' Alola works great.
Great spot even if they sometimes char the pies a little too much.
Wow - So glad I found this place. Great pizza, even better HH specials.
Waitress is rude!
The bianca is so good. So is the ricotella for dessert
Never a wait, $8 unlimited mimosas, no quick-turnover tables, best place to get Boozey brunch on a Sunday
$8 unlimited mimosas during brunch. Run, don't walk.
brussels sprouts are quite nice, cheese plate is good and giant, meatballs are a-okay, after all that margherita's the way to go for pizza
Very solid option. Better than waiting 2 hours at The Meatball Shop, that's for damn sure.
Get the caprino pizza, and the Brussels sprouts, and if you are up for wine, the Nero D' Alola works great.
$3 for a burnt anorexic slice??!!! Never again
Pesto chicken pizza is great indeed!
The pesto chicken pizza and tiramisu are delicious!
It's hood, there's always a mob of drunk people on weekends, but they deliver.
Def agree with the over cooked fries!!
FREE CUP OF COFFEE FOR THE MAYOR, MUST CHECK IN!
Check this McDonald's out!
This location delivers!!
The woman in the back doesn't understand English nor her own language. No onions means no onions on both burgers not just 1. Your middle aged and still cant get you have a problem
I was about to say Sunday afternoons are always horribly understaffed, but it looks like that's always the case. Slowest McDonald's ever.
Hamburgers, chicken, salads
This is the most ghetto McDonalds ever bro
The ice cream machine is always broken.
Fucking horrible service. Definitely the worst I've ever received.
numbers misteries
They always seem to over cook their fries here.
Horrible. Understaffed. Slow service. Out of basic products like chocolate shakes . Avoid
The Worst!!!!
This might be the worst McDonald's in America for service
It's storm week they've been hit hard. Tip - Help em out!!
Ten bucks their brunch includes a dish of your choice, one drink (draught beer, house wine, mimosa, matilda or michelada).  Matilda (kahlua cocktail), Michelada (spicy beer brunch cocktail)
Try the Pappardelle al Ragu' di Coda - Ox tail ragu! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Taco al Chorizo - For my money, Matilda has the best brunch in the city. (via @Foodspotting)
The pasta with ox tail.... It stops me every time!
Try the Uova in Camicia for brunch- one of the best brunch deal entrees in the EV
WTH? A mere $1.50 for one of the best cappuccinos you'll find in NYC.
Goat cheese ravioli is amazing.
Try the pork and peaches tacos, and wash it down with one (or two) watermelon margaritas!
The PROSEJITO (Prosecco, mint, sugar, lime) is to die for. The perfect summer drink!!
Special offered does not include brunch and is CASH ONLY sucks
Every damn thing here is great. Go.
Good idea to order some appertizers for sharing. Guacamole is mandatory (Make sure it's fresh) and the tacos and burata is great!
Not very good, the fusion just doesn't work.
Skeptical of the idea but the burratta, raviolli, short rib, and chocolate cake proved incredible!
Special dessert tonight: orange infused olive oil cake-- AMAZING : )
The restaurant is owned by a husband-wife team, respectively of Mexican and Italian descent. So, the kitchen’s wood burning oven produces both to-die-for focaccia and killer quesadillas.
Matilda is now on twitter :) @matildaeats  Awesome!
I love Matilda. It’s one of the most creative restaurants I’ve been… Guacamole with basil! Mojitos made with Prosecco! Plus, they have a super-fun ambiance! I never want to leave!
Amazing Brunch! Main Course + Drink (coffee, juice or tea) + Alcohol (michelada, matilda, mimosa) for $12!Be sure to try the Spaghetti, Eggs and Chorizo. Sounds a little funny, but one of the best b
Definitely try the quesadilla al granchio (Maine crab, mozzarella, corn, epazote) for a tasty treat.
Brunch here is probably one of the best deals in the city'
This is a very creative dining experience to say the very least.
The brunch here is the most delicious deal of the century! Make sure to order a side of chips and salsa.
Excellent little spot. try the ravioli!
Good food takes time people. Chill. And get the Spaghetti Prosciutto E Calamari. It's SO freakin' delicious!!!!
salsa & chips are awesome and the lamb is absolutely delicious and perfect.
Watermelon and prosecco is delish!
Love the margarita rosada
Great drinks, great service but uber slow!
apparently, venti means grande here
Slooooowest Starbucks in all of manhattan...
Slowest service ever
By far the slowest Starbucks in Manhattan. Employees move at a glacial pace whether it's rush hour or nearly empty.
Possibly the worst Starbucks south of 14th...
Know what u want
Really nice baristas here. They made me an iced drink that wasn't 50% ice. It's the little things, kids.
On a diet? Stick to tall or grande beverages with skim or soy milk and no whip cream. For a snack, opt for fruit, nuts, or a small yogurt parfait.
Upload photos via our website peopleofstarbux.com or for mobile uploads email it - PeopleofStarbux@gmail.com.  Find us on FB and Twitter - @PeopleofStarbux.
Upload photos via our website peopleofstarbux.com or for mobile uploads email it - PeopleofStarbux@gmail.com.  Find us on FB and Twitter - @PeopleofStarbux.
Great place to get stuff done. Written quite a few papers here.
To my surprise I was selected "customer of the weeks". Yeahhh
Watch out for the morning rush. Depending on who is working they can get flustered.
Superb drink.
My morning spot!  Greet me by name
fuckin nice coffee.
The baristas do a great job with the crowds and they're all really nice!
hot chocolate favorite hmmm...
starbucksss
Register a gift card with them. :)
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
at starbucks
Tall peppermint mocha.
Music is too loud. Otherwise, very clean and fast.
Always crowded especially on weekdays. Batistas are always rushing so the drinks taste like crap.
Badass Baristas!
Serasa minum kopi
Double chocolate brownie..… yummy
Most convenient Starbucks right before getting on the hollard tunnel
Fastest baristas in the West (side)
Awful coffee.
Surprisingly good pizza
Great Italiano panini, and their house brew coffee is brilliant, better than Starbucks!
Sicilian Benedict was delightful.
Seriously; Caroline the bartender is the best!  Come see her!
Great burgers. Open during hurricanes.
Chelsea Poker and Lucas are the best parts of this place. Chelsea Poker is Yahtzee, Lucas is amazing.
Bad service, confusing menu and very soft buns making eating a burger a nightmare. First and last trip to this restaurant.
Food is ok but the waitress is very rude. Especially the one who run the food. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Caroline, Christine, Greg, Dave and Lucas (bartenders) ROCK!!!!
Good guac and waffle fries... but slow service, and they nickel-and-dime you (i.e. $1.50 extra for lettuce, tomato and onion on a burger?)
Caroline the bartender us fantastic!!
Love the cross-cut fries
Chicken corn chowder. Do it. Do it.
Chicken corn chowder. Do it. Do it.
Best dishes: Chicken chowder and calamari salad with mango and guacamole!
Brunch weekdays with 4 buck bloody marys.
Strong drinks & fun wait staff.  Cool open air environment when they open the garage door wall
Order the pork chop. MMMMM
My go-to place on 9th ave restaurant row. Great gnochi and waffle fries, very nice service.
Everything burger is good except for the mushrooms that seemed to come out of a can. Waffle fries are great. If cute Asian waitress would learn how to smile, place would be even better.
Good burger and services is good.
Very good service tonight. Blue burger was delicious. Have the macadamia tart for desert.
I loved the Meatloaf.   Perfect on a cool day in NYC.
Good food but TERRIBLE service. Waitress barely looked at us then added 20% gratuity automatically. I won't be back bc of her.
Good food but TERRIBLE service. Waitress barely looked at us then added 20% gratuity automatically. I won't be back bc of her.
The Burgers are excellent
Horrible service. If you can get a waiter's attention, you are lucky! Good luck!!!
Steak cooked exactly right and won a free drink at Chelsea Poker. Worth a visit
The homemade garden burger is great!  The waffle fries are even better.
Dined here very late one night/early morning and wasn't impressed. Dry burgers and mediocre fries. Bland service didn't help, but that's just my one time experience. Just another typical HK food bar.
Such an easy weeknight inexpensive find- personal favorite of mine for Hell's Kitchen neighborhood
Yum! Black and blue tuna salad!!!
Say hi to Rosalina. She is the best!
They have tasty grilled cheese sandwiches
Lobster tacos are absolutely amazing!! Very generous with lobster
Get the roasted lamb taquitos. Trust me.
I am from Texas and this place is better than any Mexican restaurant I have eaten in Texas. There I said it. The margaritas are exceptional. Highly recommend sea bass tacos.
Disappointing ceviche. Not real ceviche so don't order. Good guac.
Not a place to eat, section of NYC.
The pork loin dish is delicious.  The sangria is a little watered down.  Great mood and atmosphere.
This place holds up yr after yr. still popular and good! lobster tacos and chicken mole were gr8!
House made tortilla chips with the amazing guac trio are the best in town
Eat somewhere else. Overpriced. Not amazing.
Omg jimmy, rob, and Kenny Rock my world... In unison!
This is not the place for a quiet dinner as the amazing margaritas will have you in a very jovial mood!  Baby Back Ribs and the Grilled Sirloin will make your tummy happy too.
They have an appetizer that is essentially Mexican sushi. Get that.
Amazing tequila selection, great staff, and I have never had a bad meal:)
A great find off the heavily trafficked path in Times Square.
I used to love their artichoke quesadilla...not the same anymore :(
Chi chi mexican in theater district. Good, but not ad special as it would like to think it is
Awesome food & patron!
Great grilled shrimp, fantastic ancho tuna. Don't know why people hate on the food! ***
Food not as good as I remembered here... But margaritas are still lovely.
Good food, better margaritas, lots of different types of tequilas!
Good food, awesome margaritas!
Did not like the sangria.  Food is ok but not amazing.
Avoid the Sangria. Everything else is excellent.
Great food, horrendous service. Take a pass.
the grilled shrimp is terrific. great margaritas too.
Sad no delivery as of 01/23/10. Dinner was very good. Service was perfect - even at 7pm on a Friday night. 6 apps, 6 entrees, 0 complaints. Not a quiet place.
order the off-menu (lunch only?) Steak Salad for a meaty treat
They call it a wine shop, but it should be called Beertropolis!  So many craft and specialty beers for sale. Tons I have never even seen before. Fantastic!
Can't get enough of the roast beef special with smoked gouda, grilled onions and chipotle aoli on warm pressed bread
My favorite place to go for dinner with friends when we need to catch up. Food is good. Nice wine selection.  Its quiet. And they let you sit forever!
Dolmas here are good
Average cheese selection. But quiet and uncrowded place to meet in theater district
Best gourmet sandwiches in town. Try the Manchego, Chorizo, Quince Paste or the Parma Prosciutto!
Honestly the best Italian I have ever had. I cannot eat Italian back at home. (MA) because it does not even compare!
Get the gnocchi but ask for it with bolognese. Heaven.
Wonderful Saturday lunch find!  The food was great.
It looks like a hole in the wall but it is beyond great. True Italian food :)
Amazing food !!! Everything is great!!!
This restaurant is very nice and their food are awesome:)
Get the ravioli!
Rape is on the menu!
Be prepared to be there for 3 hours. Foods good, though.
You'll tell me that there are hundreds of Italian restaurants in New York City and I know first-hand that there are better ones but you may or may not need to take out a loan to afford them. The food
Leo and Fabio, are the best waiters in New York City.  The food is authentic, better than Rome because it's New York.
Slow service even slow to give the check.... Food was great!
Excellent food, served in no particular rush, just like Italy.  Mozzarella app & amatriciana were standouts.
Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, intimate setting and authentic food. Recommend.
Great Italian restaurant with Italian food imported from Italy and a great staff.
Very nice manager!
Sloooooooow. Don't go if you're in a hurry. But if u have time, yum!
the waiter is Italian, and the menu doesn't have spelling mistakes
Try the $12.95  Saturday brunch from 1 to 4 p.m.
Small italian restaurant. Perfect if you want a quiet evening with not too many people.
The pesto fussilli is...perfect.
Amazing service!!! Great food. Give it a whirl!
Classic Italian cuisine at its finest :)
Phenomenal service. Walked on on a whim and was swept off my feet. Excellent traditional and innovative Italian cuisine (try the Beef Carpaccio and Kale apps!) Is now my place on UES.
Amazing food. Great background music selection. Old school jazz
In honor of the year the restaurant opened in 1977, try the 3 course prix fixe for $19.77. One of the best deals on the Upper East Side.
The best veal chop.  Eat downstairs
reasonably priced neighborhood restaurant.  delicious Italian cuisine in a classy yet laid back upper east side eatery.
The former apartment of Alfred Stieglitz and Georgie O’Keefe on Art Nerd New York
Pork Bun/Ham and Cheese/Croissant + Coffee = Delicious breakfast for under $2.
If you're coming to work, don't work along.  Schedule a MeetUp on www.HereTwo.com
Over-priced lunch 'special' of $15.95 for 1 appetiser (lentil soup was ok) and 1 entree (stuffed cabbage). Lack of taste, flavor and freshness.
Had my first dinner with my fiancée here.. Food is delicious, and environment is nice.
Let the server guide you to Turkish wines. Good surprises!
$5 HH drinks w/ 1 free app every M-F from 3-6pm on their rooftop terrace facing 2nd Ave makes this a popular destination on a nice day.
Some of the best Turkish food I've had in the world, Istanbul included. Get the Chef's meat platter and baklava (unbelievable). The Turkish waiters are attentive and amusing. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Get the Chef's Mix platter and Baklava for dessert. Best Baklava EVER.
arnavut cigeri inanilmaz!
You can't go wrong with the special beyti kebab. Over one week later since I had it and I'm still thinking about it.
Try kibbeh, its delicious there, yiu can hardly find like this even in Turkey
Talk to the short blonde Turkish bar tender Ceyda! She is so awesome! She will give you the best recommendations
arnavut cigeri is my favorite!
Reasonably priced. Good food. Great service. Lovely rooftop patio.
Cheap Happy Hour drinks
Expensive but good
Always a nice meal, good food with quality ingredients.
Nice selection of grilled meats and side dishes. They have a dining terrace on the second floor
Good place for Turkish Food
The Chicken parm hero is bomb
Best roast beef in the city!
Go next door to Prêt À Manger for cappuccino and carrot cake afterwards
Eggplant parmigiana to die for!  Add baked ziti and broccoli to make a platter, sip up any juice with the bread! If only they served a glass of red wine...
Great midtown lunch! Pasta and hot/cold heroes. Side of ziti for $1
Order sweet peppers on your sandwich.  And try not to act surprised when Paulie Walnuts walks in.
Go H.A.M. (or Turkey) at this authentic Italian sandwich shop.
Best sandwiches in midtown - old school owner - freshest bread best hero's, $7
The earlier in the day you go the better the selection. Try the chicken bruschetta with fresh mozzarella.
I try to go for wheat when it comes to bread, but don't make that mistake at Park. go with the Italian cold or the chicken or veal parm hot.
place is legit!
Show up on Friday for delicious shrimp parm.  Get there early! It sells out quickly.
Peppered ham & Cappicola on multigrain hero with fresh mozzarela, onions, tomato & mustard. Let me know how you liked it!
One of the best spots in midtown
amazing Italian American cuisine!  I recommend the escarole with beans and the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich
Great warm breakfast food. But you can skip the yoghurt - way too sweet, at least for Swedes :)
Overpriced rip off. They hike up prices up because its near hotels. Cafe metro just because we make good money doesn't mean you should charge whatever you like!
Great place to eat and Quick
Make your own breakfast / eggs
Worst services ever, rude cashiers.  Food and coffee are  just so so, a bit over priced.
Overpriced coffee
You can practically 'make' your own pasta here. Very delicious too!
Avoid the pizzas
Turkey chili is delicious! Perfect amount of turkey with a spicy kick
When visiting NYC I always stay at Doubletree (next door) and love to pop into Cafe Metro for a quick bite
Rude people nice toning once they see a tip coming their way
As the owner, this is the wrong address someone issued to my restaurant. Its 569 lex. Not 566
right next to Belgian Neuhaus chocolates!
Love the indian food here and the service at the restaurant is impeccable.  I am indian so if i like it im sure you will.
Aloo mutter gobi - it's awesome - even better when you ask for it with channa!
Get a soft serve cone while walking around Times Square after dinner!
Ew bad pesto sauce. thumbs down
Try the vodka sauce slice.
pasta pizza wery good
Leave the workers a tip.  Its appreciated :)
Real good Greek Cuisine and atmosphere.
Try the Lamb Chops - #noms #juicy (via @Foodspotting)
Go easy on the soap dispensers. They spray. I accidentally squirted a blob of soap on my new suit. My date too... after I warned her.
Bartenders give out free apps if you tip well.
Try the Halibut (via @Foodspotting)
Octopody salad - gerar experience.:-)
Baklava with fig ice cream is amazing; also try the lamb shank - absolutely delicious!
For Complimentary &/or Reduced Admission, VIP, Guest List, VIP &  table reservations, call/text 917.653.0768, rsvp@crisac.com or visit www.crisac.com for full line-up of our events in NYC & Las Vegas.
It's a chill mid-size lounge - Saturday nights is good w/ 2x1 drinks & hookah is available. Free admission before 12 w/ guestlist. Info here http://www.msproductions.com/ammosnyc.htm
It's a chill mid-size lounge - Saturday nights is good w/ 2x1 drinks & hookah is available. Free admission before 12 w/ guestlist. Info here http://www.msproductions.com/ammosnyc.htm
Eating at Ammos is like taking a vacation to the Greek Islands. Serving some of the freshest and most authentic Greek dishes, Ammos is a truly transporting experience.
Try the octopus - so delicious.....
Chillen with close friends and enjoying my party at Ammos cvome by have a drink say dcny at the door for list
gets expensive after happy hour. watch out!
Complimentary wine tasting every day from 4-8 pm Yia mas :)
angie is the coolist
Get the crab rangoon
Our stay was very pleasant. The decor is amazing, on our vintage taste. Room service overwhelming and so much food! Quiet room, excellent customer service! Heartily recommended!
Make sure to take your Ritz Carlton slippers home!
Headed to a performance at Carnegie Hall? Why not make it a night to remember by checking in at the Ritz. Doesn't get more New York than this.
Staying in the city? You are 8 minutes from our Midtown terminal! Catch one of our complimentary busses and be sailing in no time! Service on the Hudson, East River and Belford!
Problem sleeping?  NY's Ritz-Carlton hotel offers guest the choice of seven different types of pillows.
The hotel staff includes butlers and an award-winning concierge team, which will loan you a Burberry trench coat if it's raining. Come evening, the chauffeured house Bentley is at your disposal.
You've arrived! Time to relax and get a good night's sleep. Check out these sleep tips from LARK by clicking on the link to help you get extra relaxed
Go here with a significant other for an ever-so-luxurious getaway--the rooms are fabulously appointed and amenities like the La Prairie spa are a treat. The service is flawless as well.
Τη Βασιλική σουίτα την βρήκα λίγο πρόχειρη.
You can get 3.5% cash back now when you sign-up for BigCrumbs rewards program and then reserve a room online here or any other Marriott brand hotel using your account.  See link for more information.
Spend a little extra and get the club lounge, the staff is excellent and it's so peaceful.
Ive never had a greater time than spending the night at the Ritz! Take full advantage of the Star Lounge and the Star Bar!
George is the best concierge!
Our room wasn't ready so they upgraded us to a superior suite over looking central park, now that's great customer service. No wonder they are the best hotels in ny
Takes for ages to order and to get your food. Never coming back.
Best place to work..
Make an upgrade to a room with central park view. Is def great.
Pet friendly! Top drawer amenities include: 22-karat gold ID tags, homemade dog treats, bone-shaped pillows, and Burberry raincoats in case of rain. However only dogs under 60 lbs are welcome :(
Best dish at Ritz bar:  hummus and kalmata tapenade.  Cupcake sampler (in its peak form on Sundays)
Looking for the perfect pillow to lay your head, a spa to soothe your aches and pains away, a great cocktail and a memorable meal...look no further than The Ritz Carlton
love coming here, makes me curl up in the lap of luxury! p.s Duncan is the best, so helpful
Wonderful service!
Make sure you have a drink at the bar when Norman, the king of all bartenders is working
Best old fashioned in town. Ask for rye.
Love the Ritz <3
Don't bother going to the bar, absolute worst service!!
Stayed here with Team USA, if you order room service, get the salmon (DELICIOSO!), don't order the chicken noodle soup!
Great..Great Hotel... Tell them Foodies Like Us Recommends them!!
Dress up and sneak into the second floor lounge at the Ritz for "free" drinks and sexy little hors d'oeuvres.
this is my e mail(ritamendy1@yahoo.in)send message to my lnbox ok
Nice staff & breakfast all day!! Basic, but good. Heard the pancakes are good.
Best egg sandwiches on the Upper West Side.
Get a seat that lets you look out the windows! People watch and enjoy great food and friendly service.
A pleasant place for breakfast (anytime!) or lunch. The waiters and owners are some of the best in the business.
Nice for a simple eggs, toast and potatoes breakfast. Nothing fancy.
Get here early for strawberry muffins. Or just plain get here for any fresh muffin...toasted! Yum! Huge!
A cute and clean diner with very friendly owners.  The food is very basic and solid, go with the Meatloaf or the burger.  And definitely give the milkshake a try.
Banana and chocolate chip pancakes, yummy!
Order an apple cinnamon muffin (toasted and buttered)
The apple cinnamon French toast is awesome.
Best milkshake on the UWS.
Don't know what to get?  Blueberry pancakes are the best thing here!!
Order French Toast and gallons of coffee. Sit by the window and watch people walk by until early afternoon.
Come in and sample cuisine created by Chef Bill Telepan. He's a CIA alumnus. Check out what other CIA alumni are up to here:
Enjoy the ambiance of Thanksgiving in the country w/out having to leave Manhattan, farm-to-table 3 course menu items include heritage pork w lentils & fingerling potatoes & all the traditional fixings
Keeps the balance between ambitious and plain yummy. Highly recommendable even though service could be better.
Grub Street off-menu dish: Personal Pizzas. "Bar diners can get individual pizzas if they ask. Toppings change but expect things like veal Parmesan w ricotta; or a cheddar, spinach, & bacon option."
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Telepan
Try the Smoked Trout Tarte (via @Foodspotting)
Very inventive cuisine if you are in the mood for something a little fancier and more nuanced than you typical upper west side restaurant. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The tasting menu with wine pairings have never disappointed
To convey a sense of bucolic earthiness, his restaurant's menu is patterned with oak leaves, and the walls of the rooms are colored in a soothing, mossy green.
Telepan's market-driven menu is creative without trying too hard, and the atmosphere is sufficiently refined for a proper dinner with the family or a date.
Try the Wild Striped Bass (via @Foodspotting)
Opt for the Four-course tasting menu with wine pairing ($125/person) for something special or try their made to order Harvest Sunset Sangria
Help support Chef Bill Telepan’s charity Wellness in the Schools through FOOD & WINE’s “Chefs Make Change” program!  Click to donate www.foodandwine.com/donate
Heritage pork!
Loved this restaurant - highly recommend.
The most value is in the $32 three course lunch menu here, don't miss out on it!  We recommend the pan-roasted trout or the burger for the main course and gianduja for dessert.
Look for Amanda the hostess.  Extremely cute and polite
For a fancy burger, with excellent fries and onion rings.  Brunch is delicious with the menu including a dressed-up patty melt. Great for a special occasion, but doesn't have to cost a fortune.
The pumpkin cheesecake ice cream sundae is to die for!!!
Feels Intimate although space is large. Food portions small though, esp. For the price
Vegetarians should eat here every night, though housemade sausage is fab! photos: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150151368969190&set=a.10150151367089190.297499.765634189&type=1&theater
We loved the quiet and mature ambiance that gives off a feel of a country-side establishment as if you were upstate. The lobster Bolognese was perfect, and the tomato sauce it was in was wonderful
The Brook Trout appetizer is really not to be missed.  Sunday burger night taken at the bar is a treat.
Get the Brook Trout without Hesitation. The best dish on the menu. I've been going to Telepan for over 4 years and it never gets old.
Named after the owner and executive chef, Telepan is a culinary adventure. Order the Fois Gras, Poached Egg Open Ravioli, and the Ribeye. Finish everything off with the Strawberry Parfait.
Great place to mellow out and enjoy earthly delights
Heading there tonight for $35 Restaurant WEek deal
Everything is delish but you will be blown away by their roast chicken. So juicy!
Try the Apple Sausage Poached Egg and spot it on Foodspotting!
I think the menu is reminiscent of a great neighborhood restaurant with a fine dining touch. Bill has simplified many great dishes and puts his own twist in them.  -Thierry Rautureau, Top Chef
Come here for good drinks. This is not a test.
Say Something.
This is a test from star
This is a test from star's iphone
Hello, world
If they have the beef barley soup you have to get it! Amazing!
Wall street staple. Great place to go for drinks if you feel like socializing
$5 Bushmills all night long. New favorite place.
try the Mexican Burger... it's huge and just the right amount of spicy. The fries are fresh cut potato fries, too. Can't beat that. And the service was great.
So so bar in the fidi. Full of old insurance guys. Steer clear (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the lemon chicken soup.  It's excellent and unique in NYC.  At least I think it's unique.
Hasn't had any food that was good there but the alcohol was great.
Get here early for the 2 for 1 ladies night special that ends at 6pm every night.
Get the chicken egg rolls!
Taste Suspender's food at the Downtown Alliance's Dine Around Downtown event on Tuesday, June 14, 2011 (Rain date the 15th). Learn who's participating @ www.downtownny.com
Happy hour for ladies buy one get one is only on select drinks and till 6
ladies' buy 1 get 1 special apparently is only until 6pm, as opposed to what's written on the sign @ entrance
Adhere to the dresscode!!!!
Suspenders is now on Facebook! http://www.facebook.com/pages/Suspenders-Nyc/167392006633578
Come down and enjoy 4$ daft beers & 5$ cocktails! Ladies get buy 1 get 1 4pm to 8pm!!
A spacious, friendly restaurant with an Irish-American flair. Large convivial spot for drinks. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Great happy hour!!! And ladies buy 1 get 1!!!
Order a Red Bull and some wings.  Wings are very good!
convenient location
Confirmed my theory that BBQ should never be ordered in a pub.
Bartenders are pretty bad ass here
Turk manavi!
Blueberries, bananas and white cherries are usually great!
Friendliest short order in the neighborhood.
Order one thing: the fried red bean ice cream!
The Salmon Teriyaki is the best sushi they offer!
The BEST sushi in NYC and the best price
Please try the tempura green tea ice cream before you leave!
Massive amounts of rice.
Pork gyoza.  Order it.  Right now.
Hands down my fav half price sushi place! Service can be slow, but you can also sit forever w a book or group. Try the bagel roll!
Half price ... All the time
Cheap meals. Cheap beers. Friendly waiters. Can't go to wrong with this place, it's a favorite of mine. Try the chicken fried rice!
%50 off sushi! $9 pitchers! go nuts
some great 1/2 off deals here!
Sushi is pretty decent, and sake bombs are pretty good with $9 Sapporo pitchers!
Not a fan of sushi in general, but this place was pretty good. Tons of food & it's 1/2 off.
Ok...really cheap...and good saki!! I'd come again...but maybe not again and again :)
Been going here since I was in high school 6 years ago. The sushi is great for the price (50% off all sushi). Also, the pork fried gyoza are delicious. 2 rolls and gyoza for about $10, can't beat that
Goto sushi spot in NYC, the lunch and dinner special is too good of a deal to pass up.
Best cheap sushi in the area-  more variety and you can't beat $9 pitchers of Sapporo.
Cheap GOOD sushAND booze!  Superior to cheap spots like Sushi Lounge, better than the more $$$ Sapporo East or Iron sushi. Ambience lacks, but the rolls make up for it (Green River, spicy scallop!)
Chicken terayaki was great
The unagi don (eel over rice) has big portions and cheap, more worth it than sushi!
Go to Oyama. Skip the sushi, stick to sake.
The mayor should get specials! That is all.
30% sugar is perfect--any more and it gets too sweet.
I'd recommend 3Q! It's a passion fruit green tea with fig jelly, regular jelly, and bubbles.
Green wow milk. That is all.
The honey green tea is a miss. The "honey" (corn syrup/sugar water) overpowers the tea. Trashed it after three sips. Avoid anything that contains "honey" here. Order green milk tea instead.
My favorite place to drop by for some bubble teas! I love the passion tea w/ nata jelly.
Jelly WOW Milk is the popular option.
cool bubble tea spot
Actual grapefruit in the grapefruit green tea! Yummmmm
Milk green tea with bubbles is so good.
Try the jelly wow milk - closest thing to half half tea on the East coast.
kung fu green tea is the bomb!
More like tai chi tea....
Go over a few stores to Teado for your fix instead.
Rafikis is awesome
Oh my god a own place restaurant!!!
Skirt steak. Do it.
A very pretty restaurant with the most perfect music and lighting – and the food is delicious too!  Get the Terrina de Pulpo, the Cornish Hen and you must finish with the Flan.
Desserts are unbeliveable! Chocolate mousse and creme caremel rocks!!!
This is the higher end restaurant from the owners of Novecento. The appetizers are amazing. We can't get enough of the empanadas and the pumpkin salad is one of a kind.
They have Petit Verdot
Check your chicken is cooked properly.....
Mussels were okay, I'd stick with the skirt steak! They only carry one beer here, but have an extensive wine list.
The Lomo made my year. It was delicious. Sweet corn empanadas were amazing. Definitely coming back! That's is my Latin cutie brings me back. ;)
Lomo is the move
Have the panqueques for dessert!!!
Empanadas. Tiradito. Pumpkin salad. Lomo. Flan. And of course- Malbec.
Two of Argentina's prime exports - Beef & Wine. Try a Malbec blend with the sizzling steak.
The best empanadas: Sweet Corn and Ham&Cheese.
Jen - the bartender - is awesome.   She's making inventive stuff happen.
Amazing empanadas!
Best choice for restaurant week: the duck
Try the flan. Absolutely amazing with dulce de leche ice cream.
shockingly slow service
Joey Pep put USA Pizza out of business with their $1 slice. Consumers prefer hole in wall pizza paradigm with reduced price and "no coin" change over high quality. I miss USA, but JP is quick n easy.
$1 for a cheese slice. And the pizza is goooood!!!
Wait outside for ur food or u will.come out smelling like food..yuk..unless ur a diva like me and carry body spray....
Try the special slices...delish!!!!
$1 for a slice, $0.50 per topping. Unbeatable.
As noted elsewhere here, the black bean and butternut squash soup is just delicious, and filling enough for a main course. Chips and salsa are also above par.
Wer auch immer in Mexico war Dos Equis getrunken muss hierher !
Spotted Kelly Ripa here tonight!
Two words: radio. rollups.
Go at an off peak hour or you will wait a looooong time to get seated but in the end it's so worth it. Order quickly as the food takes a while to cook - enjoy a salted margarita while you wait - yummy
Cool place to socialize, good food, and great bartenders! A+ from me!
Good service but the food was "tasteless". No real mexican food, just the name. Flautas no flavor.
The decor is fun and the Margs are strong :)
Great DosXX happy hour and appetizers from 3-6 pm
Really great food an sangrias. Fun, vibrant atmosphere to catch up with your friends. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great place to grab a margarita!
Decent vegetarian & vegan options. Awesome nachos!
Best carnitas in the city hands down
Veggie stuffed plantains... Are Amazing
Chimichanga!
Riazul Reposado, soda , splash of pineapple. For the win!
Sit near the window to people watch.
Fish tacos were bland. Wait was much more than what we were told. Loud. Margarita was good. But food was sub par. But typical NYC mexican food
Note: they will not honor the drink special they list on foursquare. Very misleading!
They are not honoring their check-In special. Fri 13, 2012 5:30PM
Sick margaritas.
Cajun burrito is on point.  And frozen margaritas as well.  And for only 5 ucks.  Lovely breakfest.
hard shell beef tacos w/ everything and margaritas
good spot for a quiet, boozy lunch
Jersey (I spelled that wrong) is the best! Kick-ass quesadillas, fajitas, guacamole, and salsa! Do the Short Wave Margarita!
Radio Nachos as an appetizer, Seitan Flautas as an entree. Thank me later. Check in on Foursquare for a drink discount.
The bean/butternut squash soup is to die for!
Carne asade fries are unreal -- off menu item
Food is awesome. Plus they have a check in margarita special. No debate.
Killer margaritas.  You won't remember anything else.
You can totally custom order your burritos. I always take care to remove rice and beans which is filler in my southern cal state of mind.
Get the # 21,chicken salad, cheddar and sun dried Tom. On a semolina roll.
Awesome sandwiches! Try one with Old Amsterdam's delicious premium aged Gouda, available at Lamazou. Check our website for recipes & pairing ideas - http://oldamsterdam.com
It has the feel of a local Italian deli. I got the #18 and enjoyed it but I would try something with mozzarella or one of their soups next time....but ALWAYS get a Aranciata.
Only $1.50 for a San pellegrino Aranciata, limonata , or Aranciata rossa!
#2 - duck and brie
Spanish chorizo & manchego cheese. They calm it the Troubadour, but I call it awesome.
Get the duck and Brie sandwich. It's like taking a bite of heaven. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Smart duck. The best.
Try the Napoli.  So good.
Milano on a crusty baguette.... Soo good!
Get the # 21 sandwich on a fresh semolina roll. Yummy the best!
wow the dudes who work here are real assholes, id rather make my own sandwich thanks.
Wow. First time here. Got the lamoretti. Half. This second half of the half is not gonna see tomorrow. So delicious. So Worth it.
Order either the number 1 or number 2 on Rosemary!
Get a full Lamoretti with cornichons and mustard instead of horseradish, since a half will only leave you wanting more.
ham, french butter and cornichons on a bagette: Killin it !
Try the lamoretti and make sure they hook it up with horseradish and cornichons
chorizo w/manchego ftw
Try the Manou (#18). It's the best one out there!
#15 on ciabatta bread. Heaven in sandwich form.
Best sandwiches in NYC! Get any sandwich with either the ciabatta or the semolina bread. Yum!
Amazing chicken salad...but that's par for the course here.  Just a wonderful, wonderful Old-World feel, from great people that care.
Get a sandwich from a mom & pop place that really cares about sandwiches as an art
if you work around 23rd street on the east side - check out this amazing sandwich place. anything and everything is good.
go to Lamazou and get a sandwich with cornichons. Some of the best sandwiches in the city.
Official Oklahoma State watch party location. Go, Pokes!
Best bartenders in the city
One of those weird east village waypoints I find myself using as a meeting point for no good reason.   Not here often, but when I am it seems like Golden Tee, Buck Hunter and laughter ensure.
Jenn is the best!
Great place in the Bowery, with cheap food and no waits, plus goo drink specials!
Good food, cheap beer.  I give it a 7
Great sports bar. Prices are great and lots of tvs.
Get the cheesesteak
The kitchen is TERRIBLY slow. Ugh.
Get the wings, medium style.
Ask for Jenn the waitress she's the cutest and nicest!
Great jukebox selections and the owner is the bomb and likes Jäger :)
They stay open when your apartment is on fire.
bourbon wings. that's all that needs to be said. oh and they have safari. it's a good night.
The staff here is miserable but the drinks are cheap.
It's tuesday night and they have $3.50 pints all day. Also, they have facebook and twitter stickers.
Decent food until 2 am and you can talk over the music.
The shrimp basket may be the best bar food of all time.  Don't miss it.
DARTS (deposit 10$ cash you get back when you return them)!  And pool.  Very fun place to hang out for cheap drinks.  Waitresses SUPER nice.
If you need to fill up, try the chicken sandwich with fries. You can't go wrong.
Go to SB&G for $10 pitchers during Okstate games. Try the French Toast for brunch.
I eat Bourbon wings at STILLWATER after softball that will make you come back every Tuesday for half-priced wings and maybe even make you pay full price every other night.
Best pancakes I've ever had fluffy with a crispy shell. ORDER the FRIED CHICKEN WITH BLUEBERRY PANCAKES INSTEAD IF BISCUITS (NOT ON THE MENU but waiter said its allowed!!) Best of both worlds
Maria Mescal Bloody Mary and Moroccan eggs. Yes.
Turkey Rillettes
Sweet Jesus, Moroccan Eggs forever!
Everyone says it, but I agree. The fried chicken biscuit is pretty great.
Do not leave without a taste of the blueberry pancakes.
Chef/owner is in Food Network's Copped on September 11, 2012
Shrimp and grits for brunch are outstanding. Very nice complimentary flavors.
Get the blueberry pancake! Relaxing spot for brunch with Dylan music :)
What happened to the service here. Ten minuets to figure out where we are suppose to sit in a half empty restaurant? 10 minuets and no drink order? Zoe needs to fire the wait staff.
Awesome food ask for the Emma hook up
The crispy brussel sprouts are THE CRACK
Make reservations! or get here when they open.
Best pancakes I've ever had! Crispy edges and perfect texture. Super relaxing brunch spot.
Oh my fucking god! We ordered one of each of the brunch items and they are all awesome. The chicken, Jesus h Christ. Pancakes, fuck me.
The east india sherry is a decadent apertif. Bartender can guide you through the fine list
pecan brown sugar sticky bun. the dough is infused with "italian zest" - lemon, lime, and orange peel
Highlights: Pickled eggs with fried scallions, creamed spinach with emphasis on the cream.
Great spot for before or after a film at the Landmark Sunshine Cinema
OMG. The brunch is amazing! Try the fried chicken, sticky buns, shrimp and grits, pancakes and the shrimp huevos rancheros.
Just opened, this family-run, barebones spot has wifi & plugs, coffee still needs work.
lovely cappuccino. (2 spoons of sugar = perfect :)
Just opened. Latte is yummy.
Awesome place for first-timers to Indian cuisine. Affordable, clean, & great service. Prixe fixe meals are all yummy in big portions. Coming back!
Service sucks: 1hr to get Apps & Salad + 1.5hrs to get meal + 1 waiter = Terrible place for service :-(.
Puts the rumors of one large kitchen shared by all the Indian restaurants on 6th street to rest. Best Indian food on the block! The food always tastes fresh and the portions are just right.
Little Indians best deal and great food!!
This little place is too good to pass up. Order a prixe fixe special and - down to the pistachio or mango ice cream dessert - you will enjoy every bite!
Cheapest dinner in the city.... $9.95 prix fixe! Try the banana pakora.
Chicken tikka masala here is the best Ive had in the whole city.
BEST MUSIC EVER. Even if you don't love the food at least you'll enjoy the atmosphere.
$20 Min for Credit Card purchases. $1 surcharge for to-go meals.
$5.95 lunch special gets you soup, rice, pita, appetizer, and entree. $1 extra for take-out.
Make sure ur perfectly clear on what you want. My order got mixed up :/ still great food tho :)
Unfortunately I think this place has closed down...
Excellent stuff and great service. Samosas are definitely one of the best in the city.
Dinner pre-fixe for ten bucks includes soup, app, entree, and desert. Try the naan.
The food here is amazing and the pre-fix dinner specials are a steal. It's a bit small but the ambiance is inviting and food is fast!
Very good and Attentive service.. Food is tasty.. But somehow colors are very bright.. Too much colorants used in their dishes.. But nonetheless tastes good
that sign in the bathroom that says not to open the cabinet? yeah. you should open it.
During lunch, you're given more food than you can handle for less than $10. Lots of champagne cocktails. Try a $3 mango or banana lassi!
Fastest food ever! Came with 7 people and food was almost instantaneous.
Give the "Flying Horse Royale" beer a try (a steal for $6 bucks!)  Also everything on the menu is pretty great.  Try the garlic naan too!
Get the pre fixe dinner and you're set. I particularly enjoyed the banana pakora.  Just be sure to come hungry!
And I am telling you, come to Spice Cove for the best Naan you'll ever have...
Come here for dinner and get the $10 prix fixe: soup, appetizer, entree, and dessert. A bargain!
Best restaurant in New York City's Curry Row.  Order the Chana Bhaji as a starter.
Best Indian food for an amazing price. Even bottles of wine are $16. One of my faves!
Don't miss the chili naan... It's to die for!
lunch specials are amazingly good and amazingly cheap.
Long black hair in my food. Really unfortunate because I love this place. RIP lunch spot.
Air baked cajun fries are delicious and mostly guilt free!
Try the Hypertension and add a little ginger...amazing!
The bison steak is unreal! #60
Wish they had more detailed nutrition info, but tasty eats and more variety than Energy Kitchen.
Be friendly with the cashier and she'll give you a discount on your birthday. ;)
Use the seamless web mobile app on your way to Fuel and you'll avoid the long wait.
Nothing like 38th street special
The food is fresh, delicious and healthy.  It's worth the extra wait for made-to-order food here.
I had the Melon Madness, it's pretty good.
Ostrich and bison. Lean meat for a meat lover:)
Banana Nutter smoothy AWWWWWWW YEAAAAAAAAAAA
They have bison option, always a plus in my book
Excellent selection of healthy but yummy food. My go-to item is the Banana Nutter shake w/ protein. Hits the spot after a long, hard workout!
$8 for $16 worth of food & drinks at Fuel with this week's BuyWithMe deal! Great for lunch!
The protein brownies are ridiculously good!
love anything bison here. you can have a burger and still feel great about it. i also swear by the mocha blast post-workout/meal replacement shake.
Call ahead for takeout. Awesome menu, tasty food. But made to order so it takes 10 minutes or so
Don't go here if you're in a hurry. Orders take forever.
Salted Toffee Oatmeal Cookies are amazing.
Salted toffee oatmeal cookie! Amazing!
Old-school yorkville bakery. Best black & white cookie I've ever had.
Chocolate almond croissants. Yep.
Ultimate Whole Wheat
The black and white cookie and croissants are to die for. To. Die. For.
freshly baked jelly doughnuts with your choice of jelly are heaven (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
pastries are delicious. croissant? mmm. apple danish? mmmm ^_^
Chewy donuts filled to order - amazing. Ale bread made w/Sixpoint Otis Stout - great. Seeded NY Rye - awesome. Wish this was in my hood. Worth a stop anytime you're in the UES.
what is the name of the cute woman who works there she was wearing a brown hat today. I shoulda left her my number.
We recommend making your next sandwich with Orwasher's beer bread, especially for those unwilling to crack open a brew during their lunch break.
they sell kosher (tablet k) cheese here! and you get a discount if you buy bread and cheese.
Try the whole grain bread. It is worth the cost, as it lasts for weeks in the fridge and tastes amazing toasted with avocado and cheese
Orwasher’s delivers its loaves daily to gourmet markets including Citarella, Dean and Deluca, Zabar’s and Gourmet Garage. Translation: you want them in your kitchen.
Got some Sufganiyot here for my boss, looked so good couldn't pass them up, a little pricey but were a huge hit at work, yummy as can be of course too.
Try their apple cinnamon strudel, sooo good!
they make a mean hot apple cider during the winter, hits the spot
pastries are delicious.  croissant? mmm.  apple danish?  mmm^2
bread is so good.  they slice it for you! how convenient
Get the cinnamon raisin bread
I love just standing in a bakery and smelling the bread. It's olfactory comfort food. The bread here is delicious and diverse without being artsy and pretentious. I'll be back often.
Closed. Now an Irish joint
Both our dishes were very very bland
Best bar in the neighborhood by far.
Lindsey = rock on
Sriracha lime wings. Do it. Amazing.
Awesome place with the coolest GM. My new local bar.
I had the BEST Burger here! Staff is awesome!
Worst service ever. Ordered food that never came. Finally told manager and when it came it was cold, not even microwaved Never coming back
You have to try the awesome 'Waxford' Beer! It tastes very creamy and irish.
Lecker Beer
Wonderful jazz music Sunday nights!
The french fries cooked in duckfat and touched with truffle oil are utterly sinful and to die for.
My girl Kelsey J and I are living it up @ Albert hall
Kelsey is always up for a drink
Mussels...lemonade -- the adult kind
Iceberg wedge. Do it.
The bartender Emily is super great and a pleasure to have! Try the Tuna Tartare.
Mehh food is just ok...
Leo!!!! gave us free apple garnishes
EPIC tiramisu. truffle fries. SPICY tuna tar tare.
Nice decor, very nice staff, food quality mixed but leaning more on the positive. Unlimited boozy brunch was good but you have 2 keep on the staff 2 bring u drinks which were over juiced for my taste.
Salmon sandwich is very good!
Do not try to drink here, miserable service for bottomless mimosas!
Check the waitress... She's hot!
Bangers were super dry... But beef tartar was amazing!!!
Save 20% here with the dailygobble mobile app.
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this gastropub and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the lamb shepherd’s pie.
Randy got nailed by the naked cowboy
The beer selection is fantastic and if you need a recommendation the bar staff is super helpful. Also...best mussels ever
The beer selection is fantastic and if you need a recommendation the bar staff is super helpful. Also...best mussels ever
This place does NOT fuck around, the Vindaloo is spicy and delicious, none of this "white people spicy" nonsense, Excellent excellent food
We do catering for private parties and corporate events since 2003. www.Qevents.com
Try the Sotto Sopra pizza (square). It's damn tasty.
To taste is to believe!!!
Their BBQ chicken personal pizza is amazing! I see why their BBQ sauce is award winning.
Flat, thin, crispy slices - great pizza!
Best square slice in the city!!!
Get the Bruchetta pie! ITS AMAZING. But i have a feeling anything from there will be amazing. going to go back there soon
Great pizza and staff is super friendly. And if you a guy like me then the girls are beautiful. Can't lose!
Great pizza! Plus the guy behind the counter with the salt and pepper hair is hot! Call me mr salt and pepper ;)
$5 for a really tasty Lamb Gyro near Times Square.  $6 Chicken/Lamb over rice platters.  Get the hot sauce!
Kreditkarte wird erst ab 8$ akzeptiert! :-(
Huge portions, one entree is enough for 2-3 people (maybe more)!
Worst staff ever. They don't care about their customers.
Penne a la vodka!! You need to try it!!!!
Bread, appetizers, dessert are better than entree
Resist the urge to eat the bread and save room for the good stuff.
The servings here are for 4... For real. Way to much for even2 people to share do try to split something! Food is delicious and the decor during Christmas is amazing.
Nessun consiglio.. mi sono veramente trovato male.... se magna da schifo
We come here all the time but to our dismay they DON'T  take reservations so they say... Yet we go in today to find that they're only taking reservations. It makes no sense
Best bartender, wait staff, carmine salad & carbonara pasta. Smooch!
Decorated for Christmas I love it! Foods amazing too!
Doesnt taste the best reheated when you take home leftovers :-S
Great food and service
Overpriced for mediocre food. Not inventive nor mind blowing classic dishes.
Make reservations! Enough food for an entire army! Don't try the Bolognese Sauce you get an garlic overdose... At least no vampires will going after you.
Very, very, very 
The chicken parm is great. Portions are family style.
We are open tonight for business!
Ah que legal que você veio! Aqui o "Spaguetti and Meatballs" é sensacional e dá pra duas pessoas, fácil. Não seja guloso, separe espaço para a sobremesa.
Upstairs for the first time, less commotion! Dinner was great as always. Catena 2010 Malbec drinking great!
They serve huge portions here so 1 plate is good for 4 people! Prepare to bring home left overs for the week!
The servings are HUGE
The first item on the chicken menu is seriously biblical! Absolutely delish!!!
This place is great for a LARGE family dinner. The portions are big... The food is awesome
Best restaurant in NYC.
Excelente comida y precio
Grab a Rigatony Country Style and a chicken parmigiana!!!! Great food!!!!
Do yourself a favor and make reservations.
Ask for the Spaghetti with Meatballs! Jesus, I've never felt so satisfied with a meal in my life! And for dessert a Tiramisu! So good and so cheap! Worth going at least three times when in NYC!
Staff is beyond helpful. The food is delish with healthy portions.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in NYC!  The Scarpiello wings are the best!  Better bring a BIG appetite.
Seems like they have it all here...that's a good reason to go.
The smoothies are on point
Get the toggi bar.. You won't regret it..
Their Panini's are awesome, get the Teriyaki, don't be scared.
Ham, egg & cheese on a roll.
Only $4.50 for a HUGE portion of daal & rice.
It is too small
RIP, Bill's. RIP.
What a loss for NYC...
Classic and classy joint... Piano man is good.
Have the Tom Collins. It's amazing.
An NYC gem....stop by before it moves....
Very old school NY but awesome.  Here on a Wednesday night and Elliot was tearing up the piano. Bring your parents- they will love it!
Totally bizzare & rude staff. You mine as well serve yourself and guess what they serve on the menu. I nearly had to beg for a menu.
'20s decor remains en vogue at this multi-story restaurant and piano bar, once a top speakeasy.
Girls bathroom is 2 floors up. Otherwise the tip is to sit at the bar and hang out. Bartender called me a wild woman. Hope for the same.
Be there it's like a flash back in the mid 1920's.. Food, pianist, old sounds, friendly atmosphere, design.. everything is very good!
Ewww..onion soup! But killer interior..pub from the 1890s!
Frequently on those top lists of "best bars in America" and deservedly so. Stop by for a step back in time.
Check out the amazing memorabilia from the late 1800's thru the 1920's. This place is like stepping back in time.
Fun place... although, I had a ghost encounter in the womens restroom.bu
Congratulations, you've found one of Esquire's Best Bars in America. It's a former speakeasy where you still feel as though you're getting away with something. Even in midtown. Order a Rob Roy.
It's one of New York's most prominent and celebrated speakeasies, so have one on me!
Piano player is singing his little heart out.
on mon/tues/weds you get the pleasure of the ragtime-esque piano player. be sure to tip him well :)
If you have to be in the east 50's, you should drink at Bill's. It's a tiny but potent former speakeasy and sure beats all the lame Irish pubs scattered around that nabe.
Food not up to mark. Bad service. Not recommended.
The vegetarian food is good too! I had the kadoo bulanee and the spinach and okra combination entree. A lot of space on a Saturday afternoon - definitely recommend it!
Delicious chicken and beef tikka kebabs. Try the hot sauce on the tables. Yum!
This is an Afghani restaurant NOT Indian as witness its full name: Ariana Afghan Kebab.
Everything is delicious!!!!!!
The lunch specials here are a little small
Cozy and festive atmosphere serving delicious Middle Eastern food.  Try the LambTikka Kebab and the Bulanee Pumpkin.
Cozy and festive atmosphere serving delicious Middle Eastern food.  Try the LambTikka Kebab and the Bulanee Pumpkin.
Try the Chicken Kabab and spot it on Foodspotting!
Get the sabzi chalow
the kebabs are excellent
Get the Aushak and the Happy Tea
New. Traditional Italian. Owner - Sirio Maccioni of Le Cirque. Executive Chef - Filippo Gozzoli
Handsome and rich, yet surprisingly relaxed, interior space. Ample bar area, to boot.
The Pignolata della Casa is absolutely epic.
Margherita is delicious!!
The pesto sauce is really good. If getting gnocchi make sure they don't put it in the hot water for too long bc it's already cooked. Can be borderline mushy and not al dente, how it should be.
Cash only, but good prices
Soups, sandwiches & pastas at amazing prices. They have a restaurant but the express shop is quick. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff is so nice! It'll have you coming back for more! —Kristen L.
Real talk. Best soup in town.
Any pasta with aurora sauce is delicious!
Good food and SLOW service. Be prepared but in the end worth it.
Enjoy the frat party like atmosphere of Stone Street with an overly buttery Lobster Scampi Roll. Or be a glutton and get The Double Lob.
Enjoy the frat party like atmosphere of Stone Street with an overly buttery Lobster Scampi Roll. Or be a glutton and get The Double Lob.
The lobster scampi roll is delicious! Especially if you like garlic!
Really...Really good chowder..fresh!
Super tasty lobster rolls.  Buy two if you're ravenous.
The secret menu "Brash Burger" is really as good as everyone says. However, food here is definitely on the pricey side.
Bloody Mary Royale
One of the best meals we've ever had. Great Soho location, it's a little hidden - tucked below street level. Amazingly fresh seafood, awesome sushi and dessert, fantastic cocktails.
If you get here you must order the fried oyster appetizer it's out of this world. WOW
Okay seriously, screw the fish - get the off-menu bash burger medium rare. It's meaty, juicy and just amazing. Gahhh! I WANT MOAR!
Always great food and fabulous service.
Go early for happy hour and go nuts with the bar menu.
Try the "angel crossing" sake
The sushi is so good! Arctic char sashimi is amazing. Miso salmon roll, yellowtail jalapeño and eel avocado -  all delicious. Rolls are schmedium so order accordingly or you'll be hungry.
One of our favorite spots in Soho. Great tucked-away location. Very cool ambiance. One of the best meals we've had. Service was really good. Don't skip dessert!
Best oysters in town
The Chicago martini is amazing...
"The sceney Soho spot has plenty of platter options: Choose the small ($25), the medium ($58), and large ($110) for a variation of oysters, shrimp, clams, crab claws, seafood salad, and lobster."
Lure Fishbar | Seafood, Sushi and Raw Bar
Yellowtail jalapeno roll, classic lobster roll and cheesecake dessert. Great way to end the night.
Try the steamed cod with ponzu, scallions, and oyster mushrooms! Great sashimi as well.
Strawberry mojito is delicious!
Oo! The Blueberry Sage drink is SO good! Don't be afraid of the gin; be afraid of the fact that it's so good that it'll be gone in 10 min!
The Bash. Don't look on the menu- it's not there. Its namesake's inspired by the annual award it seems to have wrapped around its finger. Speaking of fingers, you'll be licking yours after eating one.
Loved the shellfish plateau. Great seafood. #FFactorApproved
Super fresh sushi and oysters. The raw bar is always a highlight for us. Check out Chef Josh Capon on Kitchit at http://www.kitchit.com/profiles/chefs/josh-capon
Yummo Oyster Shooters
Want impressed with the very average sushi....but the seared branzino over beet risotto was an incredible entree..super crispy skin and perfectly seasoned!
It's not obvious, but there's a freight elevator on Mercer just north of the regular entrance. Great for strollers and wheelchairs.
Try the Heirloom Tomato And Crab Salad (via @Foodspotting)
Even tho this is a fish bar, it has the best roasted chicken I ever had
Kat is my favorite manager in NYC and will make you feel at home. Not only amazing oysters, but the fish is incredibly fresh and always cooked to perfection. Try the naked cowgirls.
The Branzino is to die for.
For happy hour: the ginger apple martini is awesome!
Everything here is incredibly amazing!!!!! Except for the ice cream sandwiches....don't waste your time on those!!!!
Try the Ten Zing Salad.... Orgasmic!!!
They sell Tate's chocolate chip cookies. Grab a bag and a fresh tossed salad to counter the naughty sweet pleasure!
Come for a pot of tea or a delicious meal. This undiscovered gem is spacious and you can always get a table.
Mushroom truffle is a must
Casual and cozy Romana-style pizza (rectangular shaped). Everything is delicious and it is well positioned for people watching. No alcohol served here.
Zucchini mushroom artichoke is really good. And this is coming from someone who prefers meat on pizza!
Good, but given the small size of a slice ridiculously overpriced
Pizza is amazing but they seem to be closed on Sunday now. :-(
Try the Buffalo + Mozza + Cherry Tomatoes!
Amazing Roman style pizza..Try the simple real iTALIAN MARGHERITA!!!
Go for the mushroom and truffle oil or ham and cheese..if in season try the pumpkin cream with lardo!!
Mushroom and truffle oil is amazing!
Best slice of Roman style thin crust pizza around!
So many choices! Choose wisely.
Not saying it's a bad thing, but "dinkies" are essentially a glorified version of the sweet Chinese cakes in the food cart down the street on Canal. The strawberry shortcake was good though.
I tried the caramel banana dinkie with Granola sprinkled on top... So good!
Try the Cinna-dinks (via @Foodspotting)
Try the peanut butter & jelly dinkies (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken In Biscuit Dinkies (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sweet Dinkies (via @Foodspotting)
They've got a nice half order deal for sampling right now.
mmmmm dinkies
PB & J!!.....
Rice cakes, beef with black bean sauce, nomnomnom.
Best fried rice I've ever had!
vegetarian heaven! has wifi, takes credit card, and service is fast.
Very good food and quick service. And enourmous portions!
Get the fried whole yellow croaker in spicy brown sauce
Clean, open space, great customer service! Try the crab meat soup dumplings, any dish with snow cabbage and pork (LOVE the noodle soup), salt and pepper pork chops, and noodles with meat sauce.
Officiallyy fave shanghai place in the area. There's another Shanghai place next door. Come here instead. Service is better, food is better, place is roomier, seating is more comfortable
20% off opening special!
The bubble tea and steamed buns are amazing!
Great place for Shanghai food. The workers are very friendly, much better than most restaurants. They also use less oil!
Why r u all speaking like ur in Asia?  This is Lower Manhattan, not Jakarta.
Jengkol_y mantap
tidak ada ide yang menar4ik
Pesen nasi pake rendang yah.. dijamin ajibb nih.. hahahaha
numpang lewat
just arrived
mmmmmmmm......
................................................
Great offers and  cell phone deals on Cyber Monday – Free Cell Phones with T-Mobile Plans. Visit more information: http://www.cellhub.com/cyber-monday-deals.html
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Stumptown coffee! Board games, cute clothes and good music.
This coffee-shop meets rocker paradise is our go-to spot when we need music festival gear and a latte. Small, little-known designers make the jewelry and clothes here a real NYC discovery.
friday night movie night!!
Man Cans candles are über fragrant and have some great scents. Coffee, grandpas pipe, and camp fire are my favorites.
The iced latte is my favorite here....and pretty inexpensive for Stumptown!
Love the boutique! Coffee is amazing, too.
Try the salted caramel hot chocolate! Its the best drink I've ever had.
They have stumptown!
Stumptown coffee, scratchbread baked goods. No wifi, yes board games
Love the Han Cholo rings!
The thing is .... I went here 3x over a span of a month - and every time has been great. Consistency is the key!
Their HK Milk Ice Tea - wow, I'm speechless. You can taste the tea sweep through your mouth. The sugar and the milk amounts are just right......
You have to try their 1) HK Milk Ice Tea 2) HK Lemon Ice Tea....
Black sesame pudding is nutty, rich and indulgently smooth.   Besides Yuen Yuen and Ah Wong - do you know of any other places that serve black sesame pudding in Manhattan, NY?
For having so many bakeries in NY, Ah Wong differentiate itself for having traditional dessert soups like black sesame pudding.....
All proceeds support the Fourth Arts Block, a nonprofit organization developing the East 4th Street Cultural District. All baked goods and coffee are from local stores.
The Carrot Ginger Soup is delicious!
One of the servers in here is so slow, if only they knew just how bad he is...
My absolute favorite cafe. Come once, become addicted.
Holy moly the Barista was SO rude when I asked her not to leave so much room in my coffee. Last time I will ever come here!
mud coffee, food and always friendly faces. A great little place you should get to.
A great hang out spot! Tasty coffee and friendly people. Learn about theater events here and check out the art!
Mud Truck coffee, minus the Mud Truck line. Bring in your reusable cup and they'll give you a discount!
Say high to Morgan
Newish coffee shop that serves MUD coffee.
Wifi password - 787grill
muito bom esse local
The limonade is to die for... It is basically a virgin caipirinha. I also had the feijoada and it was really good and very affordable ... I recommend
Great caipirinha by Leblon
Horrible service!!!!
Strawberry caiparinhas are super strong, bit the food is excellent!
Feijoada aprovada. Bom preço.
Absolute rip off! Overpriced food of average quality
Stay away from the buffet. Sub par meats and slow service, designed to get you full off of the crappy side dishes.
Food was ok. All over service/server = horrible. Server barely checked up on us and  his tables. They added the gratituaty automatically.
Takes forever to get a seat even of you have a reservation...food is ok and the staff is pathetic! Be ready to be sitting there for 4hrs!
Service was ok - would 4get 2 bring things like coffee, water, & the dessert menu. Food is honestly mediocre nothing 2 rave about.
Try the coxinha de frango!
Loved the picanha and one of the best Brazilian food in NYC!
The bartenders are friendly and the music is great! Try the Palma Louca
The service is a lttle slow and the quality of the meats are not great.  It is cheaper than the one around the corner but for $20 my tip would be go 1 block on 49th street for better quality & variety
Dont have the rodicio... terrible service,only one goucho and 3 types of meats ... not worth it
Boa comida, picanha excelente. Para mim o servico foi Ok!
Melhor feijoada de NY!
In Charles Kipps' CRYSTAL DEATH, homicide detective Conor Bard lives up Brazil Grill's live music weekends.
Food, service, atmosphere, all MUITO BEM!! (very good!)
If you are looking for sloooooooow bartenders and bad service? This is the place for you
The entrance is on 34th street
Dumb barista dumped an entire cup of tea on my hand.
The staff here is wonderful. Every morning I walk in, they know exactly what I want (granted I work in the building but...)
Tipping works wonders...
Coming in early gets you out fast.
Busy place. Gotta choose your spots. If you're in the building after 5 p.m., it's usually a good time.
There's always a major line and the Barista are pretty slow at this one
House blend day!
Way better than Starbucks and overpriced Nespresso. Ask for Ben and try the Blue Bottle if it's available
Breakfast burrito any time of the day!
Good burger. Alittle pricey. ex: Cheese burger (no lettuce, no tomato, no fries): $5.70 -- add a patty?: $9.50
Awesome breakfast all day long. Cheap!
Great and cheap lunch specials
Best sushi on the UWS hands down! Been going here for years!
Freshest and best sushi on the UWS!
Taco was more potent and flavorful then I have ever had.
Staff is nice. SAPPORO!!!
We live Kitaro. Great neighborhood spot. Try the poppycock or Jan special rolls. Also, the lunch roll combo rocks with 2 rolls and soup/salad for $8
Pretty sure my friend got food poisoning from the chicken sukiyaki.  My chicken yaki udon was pretty bland.
Not very good..they use low budget soy sauce and it's gross!
The seafood soup is a great lunch on a cold day.  The Naruto roll is better than the standard bland fare with mint and a crunch.
Try the chicken quesadilla! Amazing!!
Almost anything on the menu is the real deal!
Some of the best sandwiches in the entire world. Huge and rotating selection. Fresh and creative. Worth multiple visits.
Next time you stop by, be sure to pick up Old Amsterdam's premium aged Gouda, It is sure to appeal to a broad range of palates without putting off those with simpler tastes. http://oldamsterdam.com/
Lugar super gostoso! Otimo para tomar um cafe da manha e para fazer um lanche!
Hearst employees get a 20% discount
They always carry great quality produce. Very happy customer!
Find an espresso bar, custom crepe station and gelato counter at this new cafe within the Hearst Building in Midtown. The grand opening for the shop will be celebrated on March 7.
The salad bar has candied pecans and walnuts plus pistachios - not extra charge if you get em all.
$5 quality lunch in UES? Yes please.
The Gyro is out of this world good, with the new herbs he's been adding. At $4, great quick meal.
nicest people working at this subway EVER
Food truck
Godzilla roll!
Hit or miss... terrible sushi, but decent thai fare
Really friendly, quick service makes this a great place for lunch. Extensive & diverse menu, too!
The lamb shank is amazing.
Good people at a nice neighborhood diner.
Service is excellent. Pancakes are pretty good, I've had worse and I've had better. The burgers and coffee are awesome.
My most cozy happy place!  They make everything right! Love the veggie burger with Greek salad, but breakfast and coffee is always good.  Staff are friendly and great!
Good service, only having coffee - it's as expected.
The food here sucks, stay away
Service is fantastic! Everyone is so nice
JIM JAMS. JIM JAMS. JIM JAMS.
Delicious brunch very friendly staff
Service was fantastic, food was terrific and drinks were incredible. Def check this place out. Good for a date or day drinking.
Cute place.  Good drinks.  VERY disappointing food.  How does one make pancetta tasteless and uninteresting?  I don't know.  But this place managed to do exactly that. Skip it.
Don't bother. Yuck over done eggs. Dark decor.
The bartender is the sweetest, fastest beer servin' gal this side of the East River
Pork belly + deep fried oreos = bad meaning good
Skip the bloody Mary. Cash only!
The pork belly is out of this world, and the deep fried oreos are beyond imagination, because they are. Nice waiter!
I made the mistake of ordering wine, $9 for a small glass of house wine served in a cup is a joke. Very tasty Mac & cheese though.
Of your a vegetarian definitely get the Chili. You won't be sorry..
The following breakfast exists here: peanut butter banana and bacon between two pieces of French toast
The X Sandwich w tater tots is pretty awesome. Trying out the steak and eggs today!
Some of the best brunch in LIC
The chipotle mayo should be slathered on everything. So good!!
Great food but sometimes the kitchen is very slow. Currently waiting for 45 minutes after placing our order.
Great brunch spot if you're in LIC. The bacon mac & cheese is a must. They also serve tater tots!
Jim Jam ... It comes in a jar... Need I say more?!
You cannot go wrong with the Disco Tots!!!
The arugala salad is out of control
#toptuesday for brunch
See Deena, the friendliest bartender on Vernon Boulevard. For brunch: A killer Bloody Mary. For dinner: The Chicken Fried Chicken and a Tecate.
The chorizo omelette is amazing!!!!!
Great place for brunch. Try their sweet potato fries with the spicy dipping sauce, DELISH!
Pork Tacos are fabulous!
beware, service is sloooooooooo
First time here and will be the last time. Long wait for food, my dish arrived cold. No AC right now.
Good food! But a few bucks over priced.
Tater tots and margartias with brunch!  Drinks are great and the chicken fried chicken is yeeeehawwww!
Stuffed pork loin and pork belly was uber decadent (and cheap), love
Tons of seating area upstairs!
They now have a "smores pie" seriously one of the most deliciously decadent things I've tasted in a while
Have someone look for seats upstairs while you order food downstairs
Don't eat upstairs. It smells like sweat, and you have no way out. Try downstairs if there's a table available.
This Pax has the best tastng soup from most of the other locations.
They have the best salads & chicken salad sandwiches. The service does suck sometimes though.
Number 3 is solid, choose the sausage over the ham. It tastes better and is more filling :] coffee is ok but staff is nice and service is quick! Price is medium expensive for breakfast.
The Bacon Egg and Cheese wrap with tomato is yummy! Not to mention they are quick. The cashiers are not the friendliest but love the food!
The second floor is nice and quiet
By far the best salad I have ever tasted. They have cajun shrimp as a topping! YUM.
Salads are way overpriced. Staff unfriendly.
Salads are awesome !!!!!!
Good food, not too expensive. Big sandwich, big salad and 2 soda for 20 bucks...
http://www.designladynyc.com
Split pea soup...nomnom.
Chicken Veracruz pressata is delicious and on a side not the people are great and the manager Lally is a fantastic person.
Saw previous quote as unfriendly staff but today they were cool
Salads are the best !
Salads with your favorite dressing~
Breakfast might be cheap but the coffee is revolting and food tasteless. Avoid
Got a box of hot food and it cost 14 dollars. Way overpriced.
Great food, kinda pricey. I was $.05 short for my salad b/c I left my office in a hurry & they let me keep it! Totally encouraged me to shop here again with a full wallet!
get the #3
They don't put fork for you! Looooosers!
Orange juice, milk, and oatmeal never taste so good!
The slowest service on the face of the planet.
Try the spicy chicken sandwich.
Disgusting bathroom. Bring your own TP and delousing wand.
It's heaven for foodies. Luke's has the freshest sushi. I love their dragon roll.
Matt Bruno at MNS Real Impact Real Estate across the way would love to help you out! Email him at mjb@mns.com to start the search for your new home.
Since your so close to Chelsea Food Mart.  If you're looking for a new apartment in Chelsea 2000.00 or purchase please give me a call 212 729 6298 or vbp@mns.com
Saturday's & Wed shop organic in union square, best veggies!
Wow! What an amazing smoothie!
so obsessed with this place. I love every side so much that I have to get the veggie platter so I can have 5 choices! highlights = kale and apple salad + orzo
Great juice
Braised beef us phenomenal. Get the house hot sauce.
If you like eating dirt and crapping rocks, this is your place. Nasty crap.
Small plate: wild salmon salad, mushroom with celery, kale and apple, broccoli and quinoa (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Dig Inn is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Great quality food and super yummy, but I wish pricing was clearer. Said Marketplates were ~$7, but I paid $12. No other prices were listed.
The PB Dream smoothie is delicious. And nutritious. Apparently.
#StaffPick One of the healthier options for lunch in midtown. DO NOT miss out on the brussel sprouts.
The spicy meatballs are good. Recommend also using the sauces.
Pro-mega Smoothie is right for this hot weather.  Lite and full the good stuff
Don't miss breakfast at The Pump for cheap and healthy options.
Breakfast is reasonable, but lunch is excessively pricey with little value in each portion
I'm a long time customer but not anymore. They refuse to change gloves after handling money and then they touch cheese and food. Made several comments to Mgmt but they dont care.  Place is gross.
I'm a long time customer but not anymore. They refuse to change gloves after handling money and then they touch cheese and food. Made several comments to Mgmt but they dont care.  Place is gross.
I'm a long time customer but not anymore. They refuse to change gloves after handling money and then they touch cheese and food. Made several comments to Mgmt but they dont care.  Place is gross.
I'm a long time customer but not anymore. They refuse to change gloves after handling money and then they touch cheese and food. Made several comments to Mgmt but they dont care.  Place is gross.
I'm a long time customer but not anymore. They refuse to change gloves after handling money and then they touch cheese and food. Made several comments to Mgmt but they dont care.  Place is gross.
Looking for a filling plate? Go for The Lumberjack!
Brown rice, chicken, sweet potatoes, spinach,lentils, tomatoes, carrots, sweet hot red. Sunburst all day!!
Try the Spicy Dilligan as a steamed spinach plate - go half bison half tofu to make it extra healthy - amazing
Don't get the mint ginger lemonade
For an awesome pick me up get a mocha rocket
Ask for the Mocha Rocket and get a coffee pick up with protein.
Add a banana to the Peanut Butter Dream shake.
Breakfast burrito is awesome and only four bucks!  They stop serving it at 10:30.
For breakfast, share the pancakes deluxe: two eggs, three hot cakes, sausage, bacon and ham! A lot of food!
Great location way overpriced
Their sandwiches are just the fix! But I'd skip the pancakes, wasn't impressed
The food is good but they have Franks Red Hot sauce. So if you aren't too crazy about your order, spice it up. This place serves its purpose. Stop in and relax.
Only stomachache I've had since moving to LIC 2 years ago!
It s a diner... Not a restaurant! Just keep that in mind and you ll be fine...
Super friendly wait staff and relaxing atmosphere. A great place to work. I just love it here.
Very friendly place. Delicious food, big portions, good prices. Try omelettes for breakfast. The staff was even too patient.
Food is very average, even for a diner. Try another place in LIC instead.
Quirky waiter, robust sausage omlette
Amazing staff, they are so friendly. The food is great as well.
One of the few places with all night service.  Great grilled honey mustard chicken wrap
Turkey burger is so good.
Disagree with comment about service. It can be hectic sometimes because it's popular and yet I find everyone very friendly.  It's a great traditional 24 hr diner.  Cherish it.
One of my favorite places to eat in Long Island City.  My favorite diner overall!
Great burgers
Gr8 Athenian omelette w spinach & feta cheese & home fries.
Love the food, love the people, love the prices. A real NYC staple.
Don't come after dark with a larger group. The server will ignore you forever. Come in the morning or afternoon.
No complaints on the food, however, the waiter for our table (white, on the chubby side) was rude, inattentive and terrible! I recommend avoiding him.
24 hours, delivery to Greenpoint, and a close proximity to the Faya Pit.
Try the chicken combo salad! Its huge!!!!!! Also the pancakes are yummy =)
Great Brunch $10.45
Tip the servers well. They offer great service.
The Martinis are great!!
CURLY FRIES. So killer. Comes with the Salmon Wrap. Welcome to Queenz.
That's my spot. If you here late night, tell Frank Alisa sent you. Special VIP service at the diner lol
If you see Pete Malfatti, give him a titty-twister for me.
Super friendly service. Solid diner food.
Best chicken tenders I have ever eaten.
prices just went up! +$1 on everything. might start hitting up old skool street meat now.
Another great food truck
It's now at 36th and broadway.
I like the french blue lavender iced tea.
The white sauce is great! It's light and flavorful but not overpowering. Get it on eveything.
Wasn't expecting it but a great healthy lunch with lots of veggies
Their chef or cook can muster up great soups. Today I had chicken and sausage jambalaya with corn bread. Um..um good!
I always come for the Croissants and Carrot Muffins
You can get 2 plain slices and a soda for $5 right now.
$2.25 for plain slice, $2.75 for pepperoni and they taste great yo.
Amazing bakery!!! Try poppyseed Danish!;)
A rainbow cookie that made my eyes roll to the back of my head.
Egg salad on onion roll. So fresh and simple, the best!
I'll always get a loaf or two of the seedless rye here.  Also try the donuts.
The hot sauce is good here!
Amazing big pineapple pizza. Anyone who likes Hawaiian pizza definitely get this
Try the Tri Color Quinoa Salad - #fresh #healthy #vegetarian #training1 (via @Foodspotting)
Thin crust. It's what the doctor ordered.
The Shroomtown pizza is one of my favorites.
They have Primitivo most of the times. And their pizzas are great. Feels like Puglia...
No by-the-slice. Fantastic thin crust
LOVE this super thin pizza. Aldo adore their garlic bread with cheese- one order prob has 6-7 pieces!
Try the Classic Thin Crust (via @Foodspotting)
The apple cheddar salad is delicious and so is the spicy garden pizza.
Try the Cheddar And Apple Salad With Pumpkin Seeds And Lemon Vinaigrette - #light #fresh #vegetarian #citrus #refreahing (via @Foodspotting)
Bitchy waitstaff but the shroomtown is too good to resist.
All their food is super fresh and yummy. The salads are incredible. The pizzas and toppings are incredible!
Try the Beet salad with goat cheese - #sweet #light #satisfying #healthy #vegetarian (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Beet salad with goat cheese - #fresh #delicious #healthy #dressingonside (via @Foodspotting)
Thin crust, amazingly fresh & cooked to crisp perfection in stone oven. Try the ""shroomtown"" you won't be disappointed.
Credible and enjoyable. Good for delivery as well.
Strolled upon this place mid day and it's a hidden gem.  great pies.
Their Arugula and Beet Salad is amazing!
Excellent pies, surprisingly delicious salads, and outdoor seating usually available
Very good pizza!
Crispy, fresh and thin....Sounds good to me!
the best pizza i've had in the city, as well as some of my favorite salads. cozy atmosphere. some of the waiters are mean but that's it's only downfall.
Margarita pizza.
If you're looking for a cute, romantic place to have dinner, this is the place to go to.  Everything is good here!
Bitch waitress. Excuse my language. I almost walked out without paying but I knew my guilt would eat me up inside.
Grab a seat at the outdoor picnic tables and enjoy great pizza. I recommend the pesto crust.
DAMNNNNN the PIZZA was sooooooooooo GOOD! they have personal size pizza, make your own or order from a very delicious list.
Best thin crust pizza in the city!
Best pizza ever.
Crispy and fresh, this thin-crust pizza doesn’t leave you feeling stuffed and greasy. Go when the weather is right because seating outside is much more enjoyable.
Best fondue experience. Something different and cool and def worth an experience here. Super filling.
Make sure to get a table in the side room away from the door!  Also, remember cash/Amex only and BYOB. A perfect date night spot :)
Full village pre fixe comes with three filling courses for $48pp
Went to the old location-nothing online saying they moved to broome st..then went to the broome st location & it was closed even though it said online they were open. & prix fixe on fri/sat is very $$
They take credit cards!
They now have beer and wine. $2 gets you a can of Busch during happy hour.
The Wifi password at Little Fox Cafe is "FOXYLADY". Most would endorse this.
Bougie Bird ($8)
New cafe in Nolita that has wifi! There's also nice cozy decor, music, and seating for you to read or get some work done.
Farm to plate eating. The chicken cobb had bland dressing and only 3 chunks of chicken but rest of veges were so fresh. Would not revisit for $14.95 salad.
Mae Mae's Mac & Cheese is a force to be reckoned with. Perhaps the best in the area.
Try the soup of the day with Grilled cheese sandwich (type of cheese and fixings varies). Cherry lemonade also very good.
Best chicken pot pie I've had
Try the summer pasta, and you will not be disappointed.
I've been here a few times and have always had the  specials. They are always great, especially the grilled cheese of the day. If you get there right at Noon you'll get a table right away
Mae Mae is an ethical & sustainable cafe participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Solid local beer selection. Enjoy a beer with the veggie burger, chicken panino, or any of the other sandwiches.
Chicken salad pita--wow.
The Red Velvet tea is quite delicious and it smells incredible.
best grilled cheese in NYC. they change it daily and it's always delicious
If you haven't had a nutter butter cookie, you haven't had a slice of heaven!
Used to be only lunch, but now they have happy hour every night -- and jazz Wednesdays and game nights Tuesdays!
Prepare for a long wait. Took us 25 minutes to get a sandwich and a salad to go.
You can't go wrong here! Make sure you get there a bit earlier than your usual lunch time to get a seat- they're hard to come by!
Enjoyed the Turkey sandwich, but the Chicken Panino is great.
Best lunch in Advertising Alley.
Try the Chicken Pot Pie and spot it on Foodspotting!
Must try the corned beef sandwich. YUM!
Try the Stuffed Eggplant today with lamb!
Curry chicken was amazzzzziingggggggg
Must try the curry chix sandwich. Get in early, the run out quick.
Chicken curry sandwich is the jam.
The Place with the Rainbow Llama out front, great Lunch specials here!
Asparagus Festival this week! Try the Warm Asparagus Soup with Parmesan Crouton and Asparagus Tips, Grilled Asparagus and Prosciutto Panini,or Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna.
Easily one of my top 5 chicken ceasar salads. Awesome spot
I agree about the Grilled Cheese & Soup of the Day special.  Also, the grilled cheese is always different (different cheeses, different fruit spreads).
It's Earth Day! Try the Seasonal Local Vegetable Lasagna with Katchkie Farm Tomato Sauce and Joe's Dairy Ricotta Cheese. Great!
It's Earth Week! Try the Dipaolo Farms Roasted Turkey Breast on Grand Daisy Baguette with Flying Pigs bacon, hot lettuces, and Spring Garlic Aioli!
Today try the smoked Gouda, Heirloom Tomato slices, fontina, basil mayo, Grandaisy Bread
Excited to visit Sen NYC....have the Hot Apple Sake....really delicious
Best sushi ever! Great ambiance, great food, great coctails and saki of course!! Perfect place!
Just opened. This is a fine choice if you want a full sushi dinner, or just cocktails and a few Japanese small plates.
Perfect pre-gaming spot!! Excellent drinks!!
Place is phenomenal. It's sag harbor with an edge. The kamameshi rice dishes are heavenly.
Never closes at the time that's displayed on window, especially on Sunday!
Adam Ostrow is a joke.
Michael White's newest restaurant
Try their housemade grapefruit soda!
Nice seafood, relaxed ambience. If you're two people, request a table near the window.
Latte + pain au chocolate for a good morning
Clos Julien. A cabernet sauvignon from California. Very good And a good price.
Sixpoint Sweet Action Cream Ale. A very good draught beer
Sardine or Anchovy app is to DIE for!! Gareth, the maitre d' makes the place feel like home
Excellent Mediterranean cooking. Upscale, so wear a button down shirt. A lot of theater goers. Moderately expensive. We loved the Persian spiced day boat scallops ($32).
Topppppppp
extremely knowlegable bartender!
grapefruit givre dessert
The bloody Mary is really delicious and different--they use Tunisian spices instead of the classic recipe.
nguntal seeeeeeeeekkk
Wagyu is great and olive oil potatoes are a fantastic side.
Specializing in lamb and grilled whole fish, this luncheon spot sits next to Épicerie Boulud, a great spot for all of your breads, soups, and charcuterie, that turns into an oyster bar come nightfall.
Try the venison. It is amazing.
Don't miss the Mediterranean Greek-Yogurt Parfaits loaded with whole-wheat couscous, dried apricots, toasted pistachios and pomegranate seeds. You can even recreate at home: http://bit.ly/ydglew
Try the Neroli Chocolate Tart - Final dessert course: "the tartness of the raw pomegranate perfectly complements the smoothness of the chocolate" (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sweet potato agnolotti - Second course. So well prepared. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Orange & Fennel Salad - First course...exceptional presentation and so fresh. (via @Foodspotting)
Get the grapefruit coupe dessert on the RW menu!!!
A solid choice for date night on the UWS, or a meal before a show at Lincoln Center. Even the most exotic dishes like the zaatar baked cod have that signature Boulud touch. [Eater 38 Member]
Daniel’s homage to Mediterranean cuisine is the great Frenchman’s most vibrant new establishment in years. One of Adam Platt's best new restaurants for 2012!
Delicious prix fixe dinner if you go early.  Great Greek and Middle Eastern food.  Octopus, cod, and lamb are all excellent, as is the wine list. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try octopus with marcona almonds to start and a chicken tagine packed with flavor for a main. No meal here is complete without one of Ghaya F. Oliveira's magical desserts.
If you’ve never tried Octopus before-let this be your first taste. The Octopus a la Plancha served w/ marcona almonds, arugula and jervez vinegar is perfectly balanced in both taste + texture
Recommended: Sardine escabeche, octopus, squid, Iberico ham, spiced duck, crisp artichokes, Andalusian gazpacho, saffron linguine, scallops, loup de mer, lamb, charred wagyu, grapefruit givré.
Daniel Boulud's latest restaurant is in a perfect location for a pre-theatre meal and they happen to have an aptly named menu just for that which is where you get the most for your money at $55.
Winner of Best French (South) in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! This is the spot for ratatouille - make sure to get the sunnyside egg on top.
Octopus app is awesome!
If you ate a meal that changed your life, you probably had it here.  Be blown away by the Octopus a la Plancha and the Lamb Loin. Go early for the Pre-Theater menu.
Could be better
My guy couldn't tell the difference between a cowboy and a strip steak.  But it was still good.
GOOD STEAK. Not so bad baked potato. So so on everything else.
It was fine for a quick meal.
Do not order the pumpkin pie. it is horrible!
Definitely run down and not at all fancy.  Good for a quick meal.  The steak is surprisingly good, and fulfilling.  However, the patrons can be a little scary.
Get the lunch special for 7.29 and the amount of food they give u. So worth it .
Not the steak of my youth. Sizzler is better value
Best thing about this place is that is now closed
the best photo events 2010
AWFUL Burger rings a more honest bell. As if waiting an eternity wasn't bad enough, I was given the evil eye when sitting at one of the three tables, as if taking up this wasteland was a sin. Horrible
AWFUL Burger rings a more honest bell. As if waiting an eternity wasn't bad enough, I was given the evil eye when sitting at one of the three tables, as if taking up this wasteland was a sin. Horroble
Takes for-e-ver
Nothing best about this place.
Total disaster!  Eat here at your own risk.
They'be just added the Pluck U menu to the same location.
An 8.5 oz Burger for only $6! And the CheeseBurger was only $6.75. And it was cooked just the way I asked.
Tasty carrot ginger soup served as a hearty portion.
Don't eat here.
Get the amarcord piada (#1) and add tomato!
We go here for the espresso. Pretty good!
Best potato soup!
Amazing food and friendly staff. I live on the UWS and am over on the East Side a lot during the week. Stopped in here on a whim. I look forward to becoming a Piada regular!
Very friendly staff
Ottimo! A fresh breeze of northern Italy in the heart of Lex ave. The piadine are healthy and very tasty. And I like that they don't waste too much paper with useless wrappings.
Great, traditional Italian espresso (they use Danesi) and very good biscotti and macaroons to go with.
Best cappuccino ever
It's Javacity.
Now selling Hale & Hearty soup for $4.99!
Burratta....mmmm
Amazing Summer Lunch at The Leopard des Artistes!
Stop in for a cocktail and check out the beautiful décor.  Or treat yourself to a delicious meal of pappardelle with rabbit ragu and a caramel semifreddo.
Recommended: Beets, grilled octopus, burrata, bucatini, chitarra, swordfish, Dover sole, meatloaf, steak, espresso granita, berries with zabaglione.
Food is awesome! Dessert is the best!
This is the Original Chicken & Rice Cart Location..  As the name says it get u'r chicken on rice, then smother it with the Hot, BBQ, or Ranch sauces.. Enjoy it with Pita Bread...
The best Chicken & Rice cart in NYC. Get the combo platter (both chicken and lamb) with lots of white sauce and a dash of hot sauce. So good
Combo w/ extra white sauce!!!  $6  Can't go wrong
I want to eat it, late night cravings are the worst.
They are awesome in this spot-I work right next door :-)
Friendly staff despite the morning and lunchtime rush!
Nicest staff ever!!! Great customer service
Nicest staff on Madison Ave.
Quality of service has gone down since the management changed and other staff changes. Have to find a new breakfast spot :(
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
Warms cookies are AMAZING!
Solid meatball wrap.
Great place for a quick salad and miso soup...
New York City has 722 miles of subway track.
Food truck
Great restaraunt.  Authentic Italian food.  I reccommend the braised short ribs (so tender they literally falk off the bone) and pasta dish w/spinach!  Delicioso.
Came here on new years and it was fantastic! Amazing filet minon and tiramisu .. Everything was perfection!
The Mediterranean is calling with special holiday menus http://exm.nr/HbzLfI
Restaurant Review: IL Tesoro’s classic Italian cuisine http://exm.nr/GDL6oC
Carnivores, you’re in luck. The “whole animal” tasting features dishes prepared either from a suckling pig, a baby lamb or goat.
Classic Italian cuisine in a old-school, candlelit setting. Try the Scallops Antica: Seared in a blood orange balsamic reduction over grilled radicchio
Fave sushi place in midtown...decor, service, and food is all top notch. Get the soft shell crab karaage to start and the green tea ice cream tempura to finish.
Spicy Mayo.
Soba noodles, Kani salad, sashimi and an assortment of rolls.........amazing!!!!  Best sushi in NYC and best value anywhere!!!!
This place is awesome!You would never notice it's there unless you know the area.You would probably walk right by it.The place is immaculately clean and very friendly.Food is super fresh.2 thumbs up!!
Closed on sundays...
Inside out spicy tuna all the way. Great service and calming atmosphere.
Green tea ice cream is a must have!
Best inside out spicy tuna roll
Did some one say cakes, I'm on it if they have red velvet!
The Best Cakes ever!!! Custard cake yummy!
They have no bathroom....smh
Delicious food!
Don't get a burrito. Its disgusting.
you gotta get their pink lemonade..
Amazing chicken burger.  Try the Greek salad with a chicken burger and multi grain toast
Same food - they jack up the prices at 11:00AM. I find that unfair and won't go in after 11 anymore
Food is decent, but service is great :)
Go for the chicken burger and eggs florentine. Best in town! Best service as well. The guys are all great.
I love their vegetarian lasagna and omelettes, but not as much as I love the staff.
Food ok but the service is amazing! So kind!
Food ok. But fast, friendly service makes it. They make you feel like a VIP even if you're not the mayor!
After a long night of work, the mimosas go down very nicely...
Friiiiiiites! Best in the city
The fresh farfalle with sprouts and hazelnuts on the brunch menu is a superb winter dish
Next door at Epicere, try the merguez sandwich. Best one I've ever had.
Everything is good, but I'd you like pâté you will be very happy. The selections are great. Sausages equally good.
Good Food and good Service. Great for after or before the show.
Across from the Lincoln Center is Bar Boulud celebrating the typically opulent palette of chef Daniel Boulud with deliciously casual French fare.
Kid friendly . Ask to split the serving in 2 for the little ones.
Super expensive,100%not worth it. If u want a plate of charcuterie, go2zabars /fairway. Big bone in my pate I.e. could've broken a tooth. Crack in glass. Then they added a 20% tip2 bill (party of5)
Love the wall art made of vantage wines!!!!
Just became a my favorite spots in Manhattan. Very impressed!
Go for the charcuterie platter. Amazing spread of tasty treats. You won't be disappointed!
The steak frites here is incredible. Tender, flavorful and perfectly cooked steak. I'd eat this again and again!
Try the pâté grand-père - coarse country pâté, foie gras, truffle juice and port. (via @Foodspotting)
Call for a round of drinks on BULLDOG. Try your gin and tonic with BULLDOG and you'll never go back.
Delicious salads.
Diver scallops and anything else !
The atmosphere is great. Try the Homard Aioli and Black & White Boudins tasting!!
Featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate for its Croque Monsieur
Unbelievable food. Nice casual atmosphere. Good value overall. The banania dessert is life changing.
Bar Boulud is just the right amount of cool and casual without trying too hard to be trendy. We like how the wait staff is laidback yet perfectly professional, and the communal table adds to the fun.
Croque Monsieurs are a killer here, and so are the bloody marys. Good solid brunch. Sit outside on the patio if the weather allows you to for people watching / lincoln center
Duck, steak frites, charcuterie. Can't go wrong. Trust the somm for wine
Full menu at the bar, great wines and ambiance. Perfect place to grab dinner before a ballet.
Don't skip the gougeres!
hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.
Croque Madame was epic! Four course brunch is an amazing deal.
Croque Monsieur
Just explore the menu. There isn't  bad dish here.
The $29 pre-fixe brunch is excellent!
Have a glass of the Trimbach with the Tourte de Pigeon
Grandma slices are disgusting.
Get the pork belly on a stick from hakata tonton
Get Jasmin to fill you coffee! She makes the best coffee!
There burgers are great
Two eggs, home fries, and a coffee for around $4.00? what more could you want for breakfast
Prices ain't that great and selection is minimal
Good wraps but they always put too much chicken in mine. I give the rest to the doggies..
Found a dead bee in my salad
Indulge your craving for chocolate with the array of brownies, and cookies they offer. -- A great breakfast sandwich spot, when the 98th Street food cart isn't there.
Terrible Starbucks.  They're so slow!  And a little rude.  Closest one to Mt. Sinai though, but if you're just looking for coffee, go to the Dunkin Donuts on the next block.
They refuse to honor any of the holiday  free drink deals.
Can you drink cocktails drink while enjoying a ''small'' steak....
I have always received my service with a smile :)
The staff at this Starbucks is fabulous.
Someone has to come here and give the staff some smile and courtesy training. If u don't like the public, get another job!
Hide your kids, hide your wife... And hide your husband cuz they're rapin everybody out here.
I've always had great service here. Not sure if other customers were just having bad days and blame it on the help. Vanilla bean frapp with chocolate chips is fab. Tastes like choc chip ice-cream.
Try the captain crunch ask the barista to mix strawberries and cream and add toffee nut and hazelnut you will love it.
Try white chocolate mocha and cinnamon dolce as a frapp. Or latte taste just like a cinnabun
Quite unfriendly staff. But i love the greentea latte tho :)
Wow...worst Starbucks ever! Staff are slow, unfriendly and completely rude.
Nice and has a bathroom
voy por un coffee frapuccino primero.
Always packed but still pretty quick with orders. Try the Mocha Coconut Frappuccino...so good! It's like a Samoa Cookie!
Friendly, professional staff, the customers however, could benefit from a class in etiquette
Never enough seating :(
Filled with school kids round 330. Avoid
Ask for an Apple Chai. It was a special drink last season, but they will still make it. It is apple pie and Christmas and comfort in a cup.
Check out their great calendar of classes!!!
$5 for an egg and cheese on an everything bagel? Expensive considering I didn't get table service.
Best lox spread in chelsea!
Have the Thai salad w/ginger sesame dressing. Diet coke and those cookies by the register. Yummy.
Loooove their misugaru smoothie. Absolutely the best :)
Taro frozen yogurt is unique and delish. Taro is like a purple Asian sweet potato.
Nice flavors of bubble tea but quite expensive
This place rocks! Great service, delicious food, and coffee bubble tea! W00t!
Obsessed with their bubble tea. Try the coconut!
The brunch smells so good!! And it's all mostly under $12
really love this place! great find.
Love the tapioca but pop bubbles tasted like fluoride at the dentist...yick!
The entrance is actually on 32nd next to Ichi Umi.
great coffee- can't wait to try their smoothies!!
Buckwheat tea is the ishhh
Pay with your phone using LevelUp and save some bucks!
Try Pop Boba, it's an awesome new development in the world of bubble tea!
Try the black tea with milk plus lychee jelly
Perfect for a hot day like this!
Great taro bubble tea. A chill place away from the craziness near by.
Had their bubble tea twice. Will NOT be going back for thirds. Nice people and cute place but not very strong flavors!
Try their vegan pumpkin soup...soo good on a chilly day.
Smoothie: regular yogurt and banana. Its close to being in heaven
No soup for you!
TV in the restaurant playing sports.  Late 90s corporate decor. Huge portions to hide mediocrity.  Got more and more douchy bro the later it got.  Just skip it.
Dining room = sad late 90's corporate hotel (grey and black and curvy and metallic) + giant tv. Food is nothing special but they try to make up for it with huge portions.
Our water Adam was everything you hope for in a waiter, and the bartender Cameron was fun and friendly!
Just had the seasonal pumpkin/squash ravioli with all kinds of fanciness! To frigging kill for!
Wow! AMAZING FOOD! Great atmosphere! I'm coming here every time I come to NYC! Try the Mac & Cheese app. Best you will ever have!
Try the Veal Parmagiana (via @Foodspotting)
Fantastic experience every time I go. I think it's safe to say this is my 'neighborhood spot'. Service is incredible and I never leave disappointed.
Home made pasta and perfectly cooked steaks. I think it is the best Italian in NYC. -Shenan
Take flight. Thanks to the aphrodisiac qualities of your BULLDOG and tonic, of course.
Zac & Adam...the most sexiest waiters in NYC...love the bubble chandelier
20 layer crepe cake is a must!!!
Kobe Beef Ravioli is great but im having the worst filet mignon ever :(
Great spot! Mike and staff are awesome!  Great specials and they change the menu often.
Dolce fare niente:-)
Ahi club is fantastic if you are a sushi lover.
Amazing for a business lunch or a relaxing dinner out! Amazing food, excellent service, one of my NYC faves for sure!
Food is amazing!!!! Drinks are even better and cute bartender
Have to get the inside out meatballs, out of this world!
Truffle fries all the way!
Try the Kobe Beef Ravioli. It's what they are known for. Soo good
Great food.  Great lunch spot. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff
Try the 20 layer crepe cake for dessert.  Best in the city and made by lady M cakes.
Good lunch service.  Go about twice a month and have never had a bad experience.  Chicken Paillard is my fav!
When staff cleared appetizers from table, they took somebody  else's dirty fork off the dishes and set next to me. I had to ask for a clean fork. The food is average, but at  least it's better than th
Food just ok.  Wine over priced.  Nice marble bathrooms.
Slowest DD in NYC. Sadly my office is across the street so it's very convenient, but I could probably walk to the 5th ave one and back, quicker...
New warm cinnamin swirl muffin try it ;)
Be prepared to stand in line. Slow would be an improvement
Take advantage of filling out the online survey and getting a free donut code afterwards.
They are real friendly here and always serve with a smile
Today is national donut day!
Skip the waffle sandwich.
Terrible service... Left smelling like fried fish. The food was good though...
The place is small and if you sit on the end and it's cold, ask them to close the door for you.
Every Sunday night come see DJ Meka spin 7-10 and try the fries they are amazing!
Ordered a few rolls and had to throw up shortly after.  The "manager" was out and I was told they couldn't edit my bill.  Bad service and bad food.
Good Cali rolls
try the Red Hot Dragon Roll... and don't worry it's not insanely spicy as the name would imply
Wow, only $1.00 slice !
Could someone check on Seymour for me ?
Mily is crazy slow.
Great cheap Canadian coffee
Most caffeine allowed by law, according to legend.
I'm all about the Blueberry Fritter!
Way better than Junkin donuts!
Their crullers put Dunkin's to shame.  So chewy and delicious
Ramen lunch special will make you happy. x2 when it's raining out.
For takeout they put the noodles and the broth in different dishes. I like that. It's not Minca... But it's good. If you are like me and like spicy, you will add a lot of extra hot pepper flakes.
Must have the Ra-Yu Lime ramen. Bits of tender pork melt in your mouth. Absolutely love the service here. "Thank you dear".
Not that great. But good if you have a ramen craving and you work in the area.
Dense soup base, great heaviness!!! Service: interesting and chaotic
Tan tan ramen is my go to. Just the right amount of sesame flavor and spices!
Get the MaYu.
It's not the ramen hot spot of the moment, but it reminds me the most of eating at your local ramen shop in Japan.  Chahan like Mom used to make and shoyu ramen like my old neighborhood shop in Tokyo.
CASH ONLY.
Place is great and the staff are very attentive
Decent gyoza. Try the chasyu taco.
u should try the octo-balls and it had the best service evah! :)
Such a heavy-accented and friendly waitress!
Decent food and the only ramen spot in the area. But super aggressive waitresses make it hard to be comfortable. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
A game: Every time the hostess (manager?) yells, take a drink!
Terakawa Ramen
Lunch special to go is only 1130-noon for 30 mins. $6
today free edamame for $2.50 beer
Gyoza is awful, ramen is ok, Sapporo happy hour is a plus
Best hole in the wall ever!
Um japa roots. Nada de sushi e sashimi... Aqui se come Ramen e coisas do dia-a-dia japa. O Fried Chicken Curry é bonzaço.
Very Friendly Staff! Try the Fried Chicken & Curry.
Terakawa ramen: good tonkatsu broth and chasu, noodles are eh.
RS says: try the Mayu Ramen "Darkest & stormiest bowl of ramen in the city, pork broth laced w/ garlic cooked almost to a cinder. Plethora of other ingredients: wood-ear mushrooms & bamboo shoots"
loved it. was delicious. had vegetable ramen. salad in a bowl!
Try the Terakawa Ramen - Best ramen in NYC?  Probably.  (via @Foodspotting)
Food comes out 5 min after placing order, so best to wait for your friend who is running late
Try Kyushu-danji.  Prepare for to be full!
Cheap and big portions. Oh, food is decent too.
I feel like I just ate an oil slick.
Most amazing Italian food in America. Came all the way from AZ to have it, again.
Sweet Jesus!   The hazelnut espresso cheesecake is the best EVER   (If you don't see it on the menu, ask your server)
This is hands down my favorite southern Italian restaurant in N. America. Consistently.
Excelente restaurant. Comí unos tagliatelles a la pescatora increibles!!
no michelins here | strictly good service ||
Don't waste your time. Average food and bad service.
I won't recommend it again...
Nice Italian Restaurant
Muy bueno. El jardin interior es espectacular. Calidad excelente.
If you are a steak lover - the special Chef's Shell steak was unbelievable!!  Delicious and Fred Flintstone big!!!
Too many favorites to mention!  What a place.  Park around the corner at pallet arking on Baxter St.
Ask for Sal. He'll take care of you!
Prosciutto with seasonal melon, Linguine Alla Pescatora and Fettuccine di Parma blew my mind! The services was wonderful and the food? well, I think I made my point!
Good food... Once u get it.
Lovely Place, Good food!
One of the best on the block...of what's left of little Italy.
Rolling out National Pasta Day http://exm.nr/nnq64v
They did not honor the special after I checked in. :-(
great spot. Come on a wednesday night and you can hear the guy in the back in a tux singing frank sinatra. he's pretty good. Also, order the clams first then chicken francese for entree
Everything appetizer and entree we had was amazing!
Gnocchi is one of the best.  Pillows of love.
Little Italy's Dining Dash: Changing restaurants after each course http://exm.nr/9wjsV3
Order the chicken dish in the Marsala sauce - comes wrapped in dough. Unbelievable.
Ristorante Il Cortile: A Real Italian Experience-Restaurant Review
Save room for the Chef’s Homemade Fruit Cake, the creamy confection is filled with fresh fruit and is airy instead of dense leaving diners feeling comfortably full instead of stuffed.
Eating here is epic winning.
Rockin’ pasta dishes, but not in love with the olive garden-y décor.
The best restaurant in Little Italy. Don't waste time going anywhere else.
Love love love this restaurant!!!
Best fried mozzarella(must have it with specialty anchovie sauce)on the planet. A go-to for authentic, old-world Italian.
Great to see Alan manage in this small and cozy barra the freshest and more original ceviches you could imagine!
Great $3 tacos
Top notch tacos. $3 a piece on Sunday and Monday.
What Andrew said. Cool workers though and the spot is chill, but damn 4.50 for a pocket taco lol
best guac i've ever had!
So far the Shrimp, Yellow Tail Tuna, and Steak are my favorites. But the Steak always falls apart easily.
The fuzzy cat wearing the black cap is more outgoing than the sleek one in the tuxedo.
Great atmosphere and the service is excellent. Will definitely come back...
A meat lover's palace. The beef stuff is especially good.
get the steak. ALL THE STEAK
Meets were very good. Please, just make sure you check the signs on the table and learn that serving across people is not cool.
Pace yourself. Eat a light, sensible lunch.
MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT!!!
Great service, great food
Salad bar is ok but the meats are plentiful and delicious!  My favorite is the leg of lamb.
Amazing food and great service! Remember, drinks and dessert aren't included in the pre-fixe price. And remember, save space for the meat!
Pace yourself!
ITA Alumni Reunion
Amazing food and great service.
Pace yourself....
Don't eat to much from the salad bar,let space for sirloin steak.
We prefer this location to the midtown one-remember that neither dessert,coffee ,nor wine are included in pre-fixe price. And we eat lightly for the week before and after coming here !
Best service!! The servers are soooo nice! Love this place! Meat is obviously delicious too
For same great food at 25% of price, go to iron bound in Newark, nj.
Look, you and I both know that you want another basket of that cheese bread
Don’t eat for a few days before coming here…and take it easy on the salad bar…you’re here for the meat after all.  Save room for dessert – although it’s not included in the price.
Garlic steak is to die for. Mushroom risotto is amazing too!
Try the meat.
My god, im in a meat coma, come hungry
The mushroom risotto is to die for. I could skip all the meat and go straight for dessert.
Just know that there are some things that they don't bring out on a regular cycle. One is the garlic steak. Be sure to ask for it. Then watch other patrons wonder why only you get it.
Service is just okay, they bring the meat very quickly and you feel like you don't have time. They also kind of trick you into thinking dessert is included, which it's not
you tiao, unsweetened yeast doughnut sticks (kinda oily)
Fresh soy milk is prepared every morning. This store is run by adorable elderly Chinese folks. You can't get anymore authentic than this.
Chinese crullers!!
Bizarro Diner!
Get the flaming cheese!
Evie makes the best martinis in Hells Kitchen!
If you eat Greek regularly, this is a competent quick fix. A mediocre brother to what you might find in Astoria, but wholly edible.
Definitely get the flaming cheese! The country salad was wonderful, too! Great place.
Delicious Greek dishes
Best tzatziki I've ever had in my life!
Get the fire cheese!
Nick isn't actually my uncle this place is bullshit
The tzatziki is delish and very garlicky!
Don't bother making OpenTable notes, the staff hasn't even heard of such a thing
two words: greek salad
The lemon chicken soup and Greek salad are top notch.
The best octopus in NYC!
The servers are really funny and contribute to the bustling atmosphere.  Unquestionably, you should order the Flaming Cheese Pie.
+1 on the flaming cheese.
The meat and rice in the gyro platter is fantastic unfortunately the vegetables were not fresh
Uncle nicks is my favorite restaurant in new York!!!
Flaming cheese is relish!
Ordered the Greek salad with gyro meat loaded on top. Phenomenal!!!
Delicious gyros. Highly recommend getting those of it's your first time.
Sagakaki! Yummy.
Services is good, but the Food are terrible, will never try new places like this
Get the dip sampler!
Been in nyc for 20 yrs.had the good and the bad. It has really degenerated into a greasy, well done greek dive. Expensive, for tourists, if you enjoy greek food, the tzadziki is too heacy. Start there
Fresh seafood and great salads
If you refer to the Gryo sandwich as the Elephant leg sandwich, they won't know what you're talking about, but try anyway, it's GOOD.
Backyard patio is great! We love moussaka the the kebabs, but everything we've ordered there has been pretty good. Oh and the lemon chicken soup is good for the soul!
This is one of my favorite places in the city. When I can't decide where to go, their saganaki flaming cheese gets me everytime!
Great food, get the flaming cheese appitizer
order a Mythos, some saganaki and grilled octopus - almost in Greece!
Serves beer n wine now
Dim sum brunch rocks!
Best Chinese food on UES. Sesame chicken is tremendous
The sautéed Chinese broccoli is awesome!
Very Good New York-Style Chinese. No liquor license yet. Moved to this location in August, after 20 years on 82nd & 3rd. Don't confuse the Original with "Our Place" in old location. It's an Impostor.
The Iced coffee is outstanding!
Get ready for #FSWine with @chandon @palmbay_wines & @_LouisRoederer_ !!
Soooooo good
Vegan/vegetarian friends: get the Grilled Tofu Burrito, vegan (w/ Daiya and tofu sour cream). It is FANTASTIC.
Get a bulldog ... Not the 4 legged kind ;)
Pick a drink, any drink. I guarantee you won't be disappointed
Get the fish tacos and rice w/ a side of salsa .. delish!
Great service by Jade!!!
Great drinks, great food, great patio!
With construction right outside, there's no outdoor seating, but it doesn't mean y'all shouldn't stop by and unwind with their legendary Red Nose Bulldog!
Finding  a table outside is a joke. Its a free for all dog eat dog race. The hostess basically tells you to stand aside with the crowd and if you see a table run for it. Wtf?
Drink prices keep slowly creeping up...
Margaritas are good but very sour.
The white flower? Not so impressive, but sounds delicious. Better just stick with a marg.
Love the Black Flower... and the nachos are INSANE!!!
Too many rules here! Lighten up blockheads! Bars are for fun!
Don't expect to be seated unless you dress like Usher and Flirt with the hostess. Food and drinks are cheap, good atmosphere, super busy, terrible service.
There is only one bathroom, plan accordingly.
THE BIGGEST HIP HOP CONCERT OF THE YEAR IS GOING DOWN ON JUNE 3RD, 2012 FOR MORE INFORMATION HEAD TO HOT97.COM NOW!
They actually pay attention to your birthdate when they card you.... FREE TEQUILA IF IT'S COMING UP IN THE NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS!!
$4 frozen pink lemonade vodkas and amazing burritos that are worth the price.
The drinks are so great
Easy on the Frozen margharitas !
If you go in the winter during the day you might be lucky enough to see a dance off btwn the servers and kitchen staff!...PRICELESS!
The pink bulldog is AMAZING!
The fking Bulldog drinks plus anything on the menu.
Bulldog. Just one. Then two more. See ya tomorrow.
Get the pink bulldog and tacos!
Not many places in the city can you get a margarita with chips and salsa for 3 bucks.  The outdoor seating is great for people watching too.
Great food with big portions ! Mango Margarita is my Favorite.. But there's only one bathroom =/
The Best Mexican-American place to eat Burritos! You have 2 try the Havana Burrito or the Jamaican Jerk Burritos. N don't forget the $4 MARGARITAS All Day N $3 Coronas! In the heart of Hell Kitchen :)
Have a margarita!
This place is closing : (
Ordered carry out and found hairs. Plural. One wrapped around the used, dirty utensils they threw in the bag. Was starving, so still attempted to eat the over-salted dumplings. Mistake.
Theyre closing on October 29! So sad!
Last time I went there (and the final time) a baby cockroach hitched a ride on my pantleg. You've been warned.
Pearls is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
Try the baby shrimp with peanuts an hot pepper sauce - excellent!
shrimp dumplings in peanut sauce! yum!
Young Chow Fried Rice - awesome!
The baby shrimp with black bean sauce is excellent!
Delicious and authentic Chinese food in the middle of Times Square.  Get the Lunch/Dinner specials for a whole meal for less than $8.00.
They have great spicy fishes. Fresh and tasty. Great choice if you dine in midtown NYC.
You can order from them online!
Worst French food I've ever had.
Amazing Indian food. Multi layered spice explosions. On par with best UK experiences. Not overpriced. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Wait staff is amazing! Food is phenom....wonderful dinner all around!
Love the lamb. Great chicken Marsala and breads. Yogurt with mint. Gin and tonics :-)
Order the Tandoori Mixed Grill!
Chicken tikka masala is good
If u want to try the best dish then order Raan (leg of lamb)
The Raan is outstanding. A Tandoori leg cooked to perfection in the clay oven. Crispy outside yet SO tender inside. A wonder!
Get the tasting menu with 3 courses. No need for more courses... You will leave stuffed!
Try the falafel! It's the best I've had.
French fries, with the gyro white sauce and hot sauce. I totally came up with that. You're welcome.
Philly, shish kebab, cheeseburger, and chicken with rice! Good falafel here too.
Don't be surprised if they ask where da cash at. (cash only)
New England ice cream chain. Try the strawberry ice cream soda with strawberry ice cream :)
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day, we all scream for ice cream on December 13th. http://exm.nr/sfKAhx
Choc chip goes nice with strawberry.
A perfect stopover after a day @ ANHM ;)
Not a big fan of ice but this stuff was really good.
I think I just spent $8 on an ice cream cone?
The yogurts and sorbets are as good as the ice cream for half the calories.
Key lime pie low fat yogurt a must...
Try the cake batter in a waffle cone. to die for ice cream
Oreo frozen yogurt is the easiest decision you'll ever make. Ice cream is for suckers. Enjoy preservative free fresh fro-yo unlike pinkberry
I recommend the Maple walnut. Yumm
This is perhaps the least efficient fast food staff at a major NY chain.
Showing their true slow selves recently, it took over 20 minutes to order and get food. The staff fools around to much while there is a line
A lovely meal ;)
Don't waste your buck on the spicy chicken nuggets. They're such a tease.
So goooooood !!! The triple is fantastic. You CAN clean your hands, mouth, jeans, and table!
Love their sweet and sour sauce!
Be sure to watch them closely when they make your food as they mess up often and give you a huge problem if you ask them to fix it. Even if it's something small like a drink.
Best burguer in NY
Rude cashier. She doesn't know how to talk properly n always get ur order wrong! Beware!!
This is not fast food. It is very, very slow food.
Buy a frosty on fathers day weekend and they'll donate 50 cents to the DTFA.
My god why, just why is that line so slow?? You'd think they were back there slaughtering the cow for my burger.
Get the spicy nuggets!! The line always moves very slowly at this location though, so be prepared to wait...
they finally finished renovations and it looks good not great just good
Closes at 10pm due to renovation
Frosty is 99¢!
Cheese sauce on anything is an orgasm happening in ur belly
A junior Frosty is the perfect size
Get the chicken wings. Whatever you do, get the chicken wings.
We came at 11 a.m. and they didn't have any of the items we ordered. What a bummer.
Short ribs were amazing.
Delicious! Definitely opt in for their Steak & Roasted Peppers sandwich. Wow
Cash only. What a bummer.
Shanghai wonton soup with noodles!
GREAT neighborhood staple for affordable tasty asian comfort food.  All of the salads are delightful, especially the lemongrass shrimp salad. Can't beat the $9 Sapporo pitchers.
This place is amazing! Get the won ton soup.
Try the grilled pork chop sandwich ($8): "tender, thin slices of pork, brushed with a bit of sweet hoisin and quickly grilled, paired with a mango chutney and irresistibly crunchy, fresh bread."
The meatball hero is phenomenal
Everything here tastes charmingly home-made. Nothing fancy, just solid, clean home-cooking.  The squid salad w/spinach noodles is my favorite. Ask for their green garlic sauce with everything you get!
They got their liquor license finally!
I'm on the moon at Mooncake! AMAZING!!!
The squid and spinach noodle (cold) is a refreshing summer dish- good mix of sweet & spicy.
All the dumplings are hand made. Both the peashoot and crawfish dumplings are great. Remember: extra green sauce!!
Cash only!
No byob. Fyi.
Tuna Burger with Wasabi Mayo; Spicy Hoisin Fish Tacos; Miso-Glazed Salmon...all pretty good when you're looking for a quick bite.
Miso Glazed Salmon, of course.
I coulda raised a chicken, killed it, and made my own sandwich in the time it took them to make one.
If you love microwaved sandwiches then this is your joint. Ever since they changed staff this deli has been on the decline.
First time here today. Got the Brooklyn and asked for them to add jalapeño and go light on the mayo. I may have just met my new favorite sandwich. Cheap too. I am happy.
amazing, cheap sandwiches.
Affectionately nicknamed "Slow Sandwich" for good reason—always call-in your order ahead of time. I have never not ordered the New Mexico sandwich.
been coming here for 6 years. amazing sandwiches, be prepared to wait a long time though. They take their time making them
The other reviewer isn't kidding.  These guys are slow.
Best sandwiches (try the eagle street!) but give them 10 mins to make it
the sandwiches are delicious, but they take forever! slowest deli ever.
100% agreed on the sandwich claim! Rock the Chicago!
best sandwiches in the neighborhood
Get the spicy eggplant
The dinner tasting menu was fantastic and a great sampler across many different dishes.
Menu changes daily & seasonally... But if they have it, get the pumpkin porridge, todok salad & kimchi! This is one of my favorite vegetarian & vegan (gluten free options too!)restaurants in the city.
Vegan + Korean. Those 2 words in combination are a rarity. If I could live here, I would. I wish they would open a location in LA!
Make sure you got yourself a nice pedicure ^^ removing your shoes is MANDATORY!! :OOOO
this is great vegetarian place, nice traditional style decor and seating- no shoes required :-) everything that we tasted has that fresh taste, the Avocado bowl was great, tea's ..enjoy
This place is on East 32nd.
This place looks, feels gimmicky. Drinks weak, bland. We regularly spend $150 on dinner for 2, but not on grub this rudimentary. Good, real Korean food can be had @ 1/4 cost.
Very sublime, zen experience all while staying meatless.
get the tofu steak!! so good!!
Try the Sizzling Mushrooms On A Stone Plate (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Vermicelli In Stone Rice Bowl (via @Foodspotting)
Try the vegetable dumplings (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Iced Darjheeling Tea With Sweet Chai (via @Foodspotting)
This place is definitely on my to-do-list!!
Directly across the street from the SAVEUR office, this flavorful, serene, vegetarian Korean spot is a serious favorite of our staff.
if they give you a deadline to vacate your table tell them you'll think about it. for such a tranquil place they sure make you feel rushed.
Try the Starters and the spicy mushrooms
Veggie restaurant
Tip on Mongolian Hot Pot : "Pretty good but I prefer the Kimchee Hotpot".
Tip on Kimchee Hotpot: "Best hotpot here".
Try the avocado rice pot. Yummy. The Obo beer is a so-so lager
Be prepared to take off your shoes! fantastic food and atmosphere; service was lacking. The rice bowls and Maitake mushroom dish is nom worthy. Lychee wine is sweet but good. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Korean vegetarian place that offers a unique dining experience. @gauri u need to teach me how to use chopsticks again! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Meh. Went w/ @mccookin. Decor was AMAZING, food was decent, service was deplorable. Felt like the staff was on holiday. May be back but no guarantees. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great high quality, healthy Korean food especially for vegetarians!
Really cool atmosphere. Kimchi rice bowl was AWSOME. My friend got the avocado rice bowl which I think I'll get next time.
Be sure to call and make reservation ahead of time. There is a restaurant week menu until early FEB.
floor seating & spicy kimchi <3
This place has gone down. Prix fixe sucked, everything tossed in ketchup.
The torta de carnitas (no mayo) is one of the best Mexican sandwiches I've ever had. Awesome!
loved the chicken noodle soup and spring roll combo. will go back to try the bhan mi.
Check out AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Hasn't taken off yet but legit little French joint in the heart of restaurant row. Great foie gras, tartares, and steak au poivre
An excellent happy hour from 5-7pm everyday, with selected wines going for $6 a glass! Generous pours, too.
Coq au vin wings et l'escargot...and That comes from someone who lived in burgundy for a year.
Be brave and take the plunge; tell your server to ask the chef for a selection of dishes. You won't be disappointed.
Why? New. French. Bold and flavorful dishes Like Pieds De Cochon(crispy pigs foot, violette mustard, cress) and omelette d'oeufs de candard (duck-egg omelets, smoked sable fish, pickeld ramps)
Pomme aligote and gratin dauphinois. The French via Chef Patrick Lacey know their potatoes. Mmmmmmmgood.
fried bouillabaisse, tartare, trotter, chicken ballottine...done.
Try a scoop of Belgian chocolate and a expresso.
A cup (1 scoop) is $3.75 but a pint is  only $7. You can get up to three flavors in a pint.
This is actually at 285 Mott, not 262. Free wifi.
The gelato is delectably rich, and the creativity in flavors (we adore the key lime graham) ensures a new experience every visit.  It’s the perfect place to stop during a spree in SoHo and Nolita.
Valrhona chocolate for chocolate lovers.
Try strawberry rasberry cookie dough
All the flavors r yummy
One more check in
key lime graham!
The Blood Orange sorbet is the BEST!
Strawberry gelato is money
You can get it at this gelato/sorbet shop or in the store, but the Blood Orange Sorbet is in a word: Extraordinary . . .
Awesome chow fun and roast pork!
The dumplings are good. The wonton soup is salty but edible and the fried rice is made with white and yellow rice.
The food is... Ok
Don't do it. Everything in buffet tastes like greasy rubber.
I always come here for the chicken lo mein - very bad for you but very good.
I wish it was good because it's convenient, but it's not.
Good price on buffet and food taste good.
City's best DD
Get the pumpkin ice coffee!
Huge lines every morning but awesome staff moves quickly!
Get the big n toasty
Friendly staff here!
Love the guy who yells "Welcome to Subway today! How are you?!"
Great service.
jumbo coffee's only $1.50!
These chocolate chip cookies taste just like the ones your mom would make if your mom were Bobby Flay.
Oh the desserts, oh the cakes! And tarts! And everythings!
Check out our feature of Chatcart & Reddy!
macaron with honey-rosemary ice cream
This place churns out some nice innovative desserts like chocolate bread pudding with a vanilla BACON sauce. Cool place to bring a date to get a sweet treat! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding - warm chocolate bread pudding on this stormy night! #singits  (via @Foodspotting)
Jerome is awesome. Everything they do is great!
Donuts are becoming a problem
Nutella donut squares ftw
Crème Brulée is one of the best I've ever had: real vanilla beans, perfectly caramelized top. Chocolate Bread Pudding with Bacon Crème Anglaise is also a must-try.
Chocolate bread pudding with bacon custard sauce all the way
Try macarons!! Creme brule. Molten cake. Bread pudding. Donut squares
Try everything! I pretty much did. All good!
Brioche donut squares filled with nutella. Nuff said.
The creme brûlée is magic.
Great hot chocolate, great macarons.
Two words. Bread pudding.
Oh man!!! It's over!!
Perfect spot to read a book or sketch in the morning.
la mejor cafeteria de la calle!!! Puedea ir al famoso que esta puerta con puerta, pero si kieres tranquilidad, buen trato y un perfecto desayuno,... yo me quedo con este.
Pour some Rosemary Caramel in your cappuccino. Heavenly!
Brioche donuts with Nutella are crack!! Big order though. May want to share.
Macarons are amazing. Especially that Praline Buttercream.
My favorite thing here: summer tea (berries, mint, lemon verbena, and rhubarb)!
Salted caramel macaron. OMG.
The vanilla creme brulee...so good it'll make you leave your fiancée in the car while you sit in and eat both your orders!
They just started doing breakfast at 8am! Counter Culture coffee is a plus, although perhaps AM cookies are ill advised? Free wifi.
In the summer have their iced tea. Out of this world
Get the molten chocolate cake with pistachios and ice cream. Mmmm!
Chocolate bread pudding with BACON CUSTARD
Rice ball special - yes please.
Ask for Garlic Knots. The guy will tell you they're "2 euros". Relatedly, they're delicious.
L&B has nothing on us!!!
The Fried Eggplant and Marsala slices are also quite good.
Calling it: Best plain slice in the neighborhood.
Sausage broccoli rabe is perfect.
Moqueca is phenomenal
With live Brazilian music every night, sublime mojitos, and a surprisingly painless check at the end of the meal, Esperanto is an awesome EV spot!
Meet Zoey, the manager, she's great. Also order the Sombrero--awesome margarita
Live music Thursday nights!! 1/2 off wine on Mondays. Nice Brazilian vibes
Ceviche =  yum. But the spiced olive oil that comes with the bread = amazing.
A dinner to share (for two). Start with mixed empanadas and then get a moqueqa (regular size) with sides of cilantro rice and pao de quejo. Drinks: caipirinha.
Got bit to hell by Mosquitos at the bar. I have 14 bites!
Mushroom croquettes were amazing. Chips and salsa...no...just no.
Nice escape in a fun & super chill setting. Great food, cocktails and live music during brunch.
Brunch, the caipirinhas and pretty much everything else about this place are amazing
Worst service I have ever had. Ever.
Beware of the pitcher! the best items are the Huevos Rancheros and Spanish Omelet... TBC
really delicious food. coconut seafood stew is awesome. they don't muddle the limes in their caipirinhas. nasty.
Do the Feijoda!
One of the best hidden gems in Alphabet City (a hidden gem in of itself).
One of the best brunch deal in Manhattan in the daytime, live music and south american meat in the evening, friendliest staff... What else are you asking for ?
Friday is not the weekend!!!!!!
Guava mimosa. So good!
Monday is half price wine!
Great food.
The $7 ceviche is not only a great price, it's sharable and filling!
The Moqueca Bahiana is HUGE and has remained my favorite thing on the menu for 7 years! Two people can share the small and three can definitely share the large! Be sure to top it with farofa!
Try the deadly, but delicious, caipirinhas.
Get the feijoada and passion fruit mousse! Made me feel like I was back in Brazil :)
Always a party and caiperhainias by the pitcher! Flan is super good, too.
Eggs Benedict & Guava Mimosa are awe-inspiring!
The quesadilla del mar is like a brunch orgasm. Other option would be something where you get the amazing potatoes. Plus for only 10.99 it's a winner.
The manager is super rude.
Weekend brunch is unbeatable!
You have to try the strawberry martini, trust me!
The empanadas are so delicious and I incredibly cheap! Chicken and cheese is my fave!
Empanadas are the bomb!
Shrimp empanadas are legit.
bacon or sausage + eggs, home fries, and toast. $2.75. ridiculous.
Get the beef and cheese empanadas
Really good and cheap food. Empanadas ( pastelitos)
Empanadas from $1.25 to $1.50 are good, but the Roast Pork Sandwich for $4 is huge and AMAZING!
Eggs Benedict ain't so bad.
Fast and clean but the food is nothing special. Good breakfast option but there are better options for lunch and dinner.
The people here are so nice!! Plus great fries.
The spinach & feta cheese omelete @ this small diner next door to the former Limelight is delicious.
Ridgeway burgers are awesome. Order one if your feeling indecissive
A good old fashioned diner. Rarely crowded and always fast.
best roasted chicken I've ever had. perfectly spiced with herbs. juicy meat and crispy skin!
Gnocchi w/ mushrooms is fantastic.   Tagliatelle was just ok.
As recommended by the Sartorialist on Instagram, I tried the brussel sprout salad and it's the best in the city! -Tera P.
pasta carbonara, speck + eggs for brunch, steak + spring onions
Nao achamos nada demais. As batatas sao deliciosas e so!
roast chicken is good, but at the end of the day... it's still just chicken. must order the bruschetta, though!
The gin list here is killer. And they serve Fever Tree tonic. Gin lovers take note.
Chicken baby.
Have the fumo del mare while at the bar waiting for your table, the pollo al forno & potatoes for your meal, and the italian pudding for dessert.  Can't go wrong!
Horrible. Everyone decided to bring their kids for Sunday brunch. The food was also just OK. Been a year since I've been and its definitely slipped.
The roast chicken is one of my favorite meals in town. Also love anything they do with Brussel sprouts or kale.
Dinner in the open kitchen is a treat. So is the roast chicken.
Potatoes are to die for and gnocchi is always amazing. Great place to sit outside in the summer with the doors open.
Great brunch. The calamari salad was amazing as well as the mixed greens with garlic and red pepper.
Amazing! Gnocchi, Bucatini w tomato onion & pancetta, Wild Striped Bass in Gazpacho, Skirt steak - yum yum yum. Desserts - even better; order one of everything - seriously.
If you don't get the gnocchi then shame on you for 6 months. I'm an italian and gnocchi snob and that was the best I ever had. Seriously!!!!
Try the Scallops With Corn (via @Foodspotting)
JW Chicken, Potatoes, Gnocchi, Pesto Spaghetti...new fave in NYC!
great food glamorous crowd
Best. Chicken. Ever.
The chicken looked very good but I was more in the mood for a lighter fare so went for the monkfish instead and it was delicious! Also shared the hazelnut nougat ice cream and that was amazing!
linguettine alla carbonara, pollo al forno
another pic
Went here a couple years ago, loved it.
Try the Manila Clams & Chorizio (via @Foodspotting)
An easy, effortless drink. Ask the bartender for a BULLDOG and tonic, plus a dash of lime.
Barbuto never misses. Great ambiance and amazing flavors. I like the kale salad, calamari salad, chicken and fluke. The hostesses are so sweet. Good for families with young children - get there early.
...chicken... chicken... chicken... love the staff...and ask Fabian for the best wines... if I had a restaurant it would be Barbuto...
Get the chicken
Roasted chicken.  Will change your life.
PROTIP: Get dumplings to go and hit karaoke at Winnie's.
Best dumplings around. Only $1 per 5. Best meal w hot & sour soup :-)
Closes early and hostile to white people, but the fried pork dumplings are like heaven and don't cost more than $2.
Good Village Brunch, without queues
Try the chorizo soup
Thinking about getting a burger? Try buffalo meat with blue cheese and bacon.
The fish tacos are amazing!! And the burgers are godly!
The tiniest lunch special burgers you ever did see. Come with a small appetite
Only a handful of these classic, historic, literary bars are left in the village.
The crowd tends to be older so don't go to brunch to divulge your mistakes the night before if you don't want grandma and aunt Ruth a table over to glare at you
The BEST!!! West Village neighborhood eatery. Great food, music and wine list!!!
Stuffy is the best bartender around. That's all.
Live down the street. The food here is very very good. The menu changes specials almost every day, but keeps all the great stuff year-round.
Fries look/tasted like they'd been fried with old oil. Food was shit.
Sat/Sun $15 for a very nice brunch.
GREAT brunch deal! For $15 you get an entree, an alcoholic beverage, coffee, and a basket of mini muffins and croissants with 2 kinds of homemade jam.
Take quick peak in to see the amazing Mary Alice Kellog's 1st art collection displayed in the back room. Woot Woot for MA!
love the fireplace and love the meatloaf :-) you can check out the video we did here for more foodie tips at Tavern on Jane
Could be called "bartender that never serves."
Try the Tavern Tostada - Delicious...too bad the lighting in here isnt great (via @Foodspotting)
Decent food but terrible service. Wasn't even that busy, but maybe they have new servers or something
Tavern on Jane31 8th Ave (at Jane St), New York, NY 10014(212) 675-2526   @tavernonjane   tavernonjane.com
Join our Facebook page to see daily specials including lunch, dinner, and weekend brunch: http://www.facebook.com/TavernOnJaneNYC
Such a gem of a brunch spot. Cozy, nice peaceful crowd. They are known for their burgers, it's a must. Get the bacon blue cheese. If you're a douche, please go to The Spotted Pig where you belong.
Great food must check it out did not disappoint. Daily specials look into the place . One of west village best kept secrets
Good locals bar. Greenwich locals that is...
Better burgers than Corner Bistro
Stuffy and Greg are the greatest bartenders. Treat them well, because they will treat you well.
Always have a great dinner here but had an extra great night thanks to a waitress with short brown hair. She's so helpful!
Great prefix brunch
Meatloaf Wednesday!! Lunch & Dinner
Quality burgers and excellent deal for Sunday nights, any bottle of wine 1/2 price with an entree....
Quality burgers and excellent deal for Sunday nights, any bottle of wine 1/2 price with an entree....
Always has good hot lunch/dinner selections, and, more importantly, beer and blow-pops
On 43rd, south sidewalk,right across from the NASDAQ studio
Super fresh juices. She adds nothing!
Coworker lives and dies with the roast pork.  I go for the crispy pig.  Delicious!
Roast pork over rice! Order from right side menu
Roast duck over rice! My favorite.
Disregard the B health grade, this place has the most delicious and assorted Chinese food in the area.
Make sure you line up on the right. Don't be shy... push your way to the front and place your order. Our favorites are the roast pig over rice and sauteed udon with pork, but you can't go wrong here
Voted best Chinese in the Midtown Lunch 2011 Reader's Poll.
Lunchers love the roast pig over rice.
The taro bubble tea is perfect.
Roast pig over rice or pork and duck noodle soup
Try the roast duck noodle soup and spot it on Foodspotting!
The roast pork over rice is great. But the roast pig is divine.
General tsos at the buffet is good
Make sure you line up on the right.  Don't be shy... push your way to the front and place your order.  Our favorites are the roast pig over rice and sauteed udon with pork, but you can't go wrong here
Definitely the fish filet and corn over rice!
Crispy pig over rice... add fried egg!
This is the place if you want decent Chinese food in midtown
Not good.
S1. A Little Bit of Everything Soup, ftw!
get the roast pig over rice
The place doesn't look like much but it's the best Chinese in midtown. stick to the line to the right and get the good stuff.
It's all about the homemade ginger ale
The Bento Box has decent amount of food and reasonably priced.
Chicken teriyaki with brown rice it comes with two pieces of shrimp dumplings but you can change it to pork if you request it. They do not speak english very well so deliveries are tough.
Box A with brown rice and green tea is the shit :-)
Chicken. Teriyaki. Bento box. end of story. Super Delicious and it's nice and cheap.
Not too bad and good price
Quick. Fast. Tasty. Cheap.
Do not order the sushi pizza. Its basically a small tortilla with diced cucumbers and imitation crab and a tiny amount of shredded piece of sushi.
the Fresh Brewed Ginger Ale is the Best...and the Bento Boxes are good.
Bento Box A is ridiculously huge!!!
Get the fresh brewed Ginger Ale.
Great place for a quick meal. Go for a bento box and add a roll, but pass on the shuimai
Try the fresh Ginger Beer
Good hearty food (hardcore kosher, yo) but a tad pricey. Shawarma in a pita plus Snapple was $13 and change, sure it includes a side salad but still!
Chinese lunch special is a few dollars cheaper. Sesame beef!
Order a Pastrami on Rye in the back. Classic, kosher, awesome.
Shawrma plate. To go. Lock & Load.
Get the Falafel Pita to go and load up on the side salad.  Delicious and cheap!
Yossi the Shawarma guy is old school grand master iron chef of middle eastern foods. Def check out the unreal yeminite soup and magadara
Get the double-stacked burger.
Love love love their Mac n cheese!!
Worst greek salad and veggie burger I ever had! Avoid!
The cajun fries are to die for
You have to pay an extra $2 for dipping sauces, but bad attitudes are on the house.
Buffalo wings + skinny fries = equals a perfect lunch
They nickle and dime you with a plate sharing charge. Stop trying to be fancier than your food.
Off-menu: Dinner-sized Mac and Cheese with jalapenos and bacon! After you sin with this dish you will salivate at the thought of it.
hard to go wrong at this bespoke burger joint in bloomies
The cobb salad with the burger is a nice change
Awesomely large shakes, delicious burgers
“Flip is in Bloomies so it's convenient!  You can choose from tons of burgers, breads, sauces & more! 1 of the best burger you've eaten & the fries will have you wanting more.” – Meredith, Setup Squad
The veggie burger is great!
kobe burger with blue cheese, avocado and fried egg is awesome!  order with the caribbean yam fries with mango!
Definitely get a pumpkin milkshake during the holidays! It's divine and so delicious. Also the eastern burger is the best burger by far.
Fantastic burger joint inside Bloomingdales on 59th Street. Once inside, head to the mid-level of the lower level men's department, and look for the 'Wait to be seated' sign. Try the hearty blend burg
get the Eastern burger: lambchop with yogurt on nan bread
A superior combination: short rib on a plain brioche with caramelized onions and garlic aioli.
One of the best kept secrets on the East Side. Find it on the lower level of Bloomingdales Men's department. One of the best gourmet burgers in NYC. Now also serving alcohol.
tried the refined burger with caramelized onion, garlic aioli sauce and Canadian bacon. yum!
super hard to find in Bloomies, but Great Burgers!
by far some of THE best mac n cheese I've ever had...that's huge.the burgers are amazing (all meat's chopped vs ground.... that translates to VERY juicy burgers :)
Love this Starbucks. They rock out here
On the weekends the service is super slow... be prepared.
They are slow but accurate on their drinks
They have added a person who takes your order while you are in line to pay, speeds up the service, big time!
The barista Hector is da bomb! Always makes the BEST drinks!
Fast, efficient service!
660 Madison Avebetween 60th and 61st streetNew York, NY 10065
Best caramel machiatto here
Really clean bathrooms.
Very fast service ! I'm lovin it … haha
Pick up a bag of the coffee from Kenya, delish!
Always packed and super slow
Fast Service & gd Java Frappe.... That Hit Da Spot...
Java frappe.., that hit da spot.
Total disorganized clusterfuck in the morning. Give yourself enough time to wait.
Free half-and-half or milk with any coffee purchase; I shit you not.
Thanks Erica the barista who chatted with me today! your awesome.
Ask for the day's special!
Love the free wifi but their ice tea always tastes a bit off, especially the green tea so order with caution
Super-fast service, but the espresso is burned and tastes very bitter.
Few seats... Get hear grab a bev and walk over to the park.
Light caramel fraps are to die for! Yumo!
An oasis in a desert of mediocre Midtown food options. The sandwiches are good. And half off after 3pm—if any are left.
Conveniently close to the hotel and a great spot to grab lunch when you're out and about.
A fav midtown lunch spot hidden in a mid-block atrium. Order one of their Italian hot dishes - chicken piccata is incredible - and grab a table outside Tip: After 3p the sandwiches are 1/2 price!
Try the madelines. They'll take you right back to Combray!
If you go after 3pm everything is half off but you gotta get there fast!
Those scrambled eggs are good!
Remi To-Go sells prepared food half price after 3pm
Great food at great prices. If you are in the area it's well worth it.  Best to get here before weekday crowds at pre-12pm for no wait.
Shoyu ramen is the way to go. Take out  takes less then 10mins, even during peak hrs & busiest times. Cash only.
$11 meal deal (2 small mains) totally worth it
Check Miso Ramen from set menu. The restaurant has serving for 38 years and renewed interior as well as all menu. Very cosy and dishes are so much better!
Used to love this place but it has gotten very disappointing. I work around the corner do get takeout and the ingredients in the ramen have changed, decreased or disappeared.
Pakko ramen is gone....
When you can't wait an hour for totto ramen.  Food isn't life changing, but it's fast and tasty.  Old man makes me laugh.. Always energetic and friendly.  Cheap, cash only.
Best ramen in the city. All other ramens  cower in awe, limp noodles quivering in meager broth, a single slice of pork sinking shamefully to the bowl's bottom. (P.S. No credit cards)
Best dumplings in the city
They stopped serving Curry Ramen! I have been eating at Sapporo since 1997. Bring back the Curry Ramen!
Great local find!  I will be back next time I'm in the city.
Chicken Katsu Curry FtW
Cash only? Are we in 1995?
award winning gyozas
4sq recommendation.  went with high hopes. chicken was extremely dry. asked to replace dish. manager had a very awkward argument w/me about my request. embarrassing. will not return. mediocre food.
SUSHI THAT GLOWS
SO PRETTY, they decorate the food so amazingly, its tasty and well priced
Happy hour from 3-5pm everyday: $2.50 on Sapporo and $1.50 for the second round!
Beware: their Yaki-Soba does not actually contain Soba (Buckwheat noodles). And their Gyosa have trouble staying closed.
Try Sapporo Special and put in an oil that's so good.
Dont come here.... Trust an Asian.
Yes, this is definitely an authentic Japanese restaurant, complete with Mexicans in the kitchen.
Please don't tell anyone about this great noodle place!
Try the Sapporo Miso Ramen - Ramen craving when it gets cold.  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Spicy Kimchee Miso Ramen (via @Foodspotting)
The curry seems that it has nothing inside, but it's beef and vegetables all melted.  SOOOOOOO gooooood.
Try the Pork Katsudon - Love this place. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Tsuke Men with dipping sauce on a spring day. The temperature is just right and they give you a pot of hot broth to wash it down at the end. PERFECTURO DESTNE!
They don't take credit cards. Seriously? Catch up.
Sapporo special pork miso ramen noodle are great!
A wonderful happy hour especially if u r not familiar with UES
Great tiramisu, and the owner Tony is super friendly. Try the house Wines they are very good and well priced.
Great food and kind staff. If you don't like or can't eat onions, be sure to ask for none regardless of whether it's on the menu. I made the mistake of not asking, but the host was very accommodating.
Stop in and say hi to Lauren, one of the coolest bartenders  on the east side, while your there, say hi to tony !!!! Best host around.... Hands down.
Appetizers were pretty good but the entrees were bad. The tables look like they were bought at an antique shop, the carpet felt like it was sticky. Would not recommend.
Their linguine with clams was terrific. Some of the largest clams I have had. Also very reasonable especially for NYC
Beers are well priced, for a swanky place
Real meatballs and chicken parm. Amazing white sangria.
Tony is the greatest, always makes you feel welcome...
Tony is the warmest host! Say hello, grab a seat and have a bowl of the meatballs. Then take a spot at the bar for an amazing vodka tonic.
Say hi to Tony one of the nicest hosts you'll meet in a bar in NYC. he rarely forgets a friendly face.
Order the penne a la vodka which is not on the menu, but they will make it every night and it is some of the best in the city.
Not bad pizza the pasta looked good I am going to try that next time
All of the food here is AMAZING!!!!!!!
Great food, very quick delivery. Can't go wrong with any pasta. Chicken Parm Hero is incredible.
Luigi delivery man dropped some1 lunch food @ 1700 Broadway. Picked it up off the floor,& made the delivery
Best fast-food Italian but order through seamless web to ensure they get the order right!
Very good price
I survive on their penne vodka.
This Italian food is seriously good, some of the best pizza in NYC! Order online at foodtoeat.com
Good thing Lennys was closed.....finally a place with bang for the buck! Meatball Parm was redonkulous!
Chicken salad (NOT light!) And egg n pepper sub. YUM.
Best chicken salad ever. Get it with Mozzarella.
Slices are very good; the dough is almost sweet.  Garlic knots are excellent.
Take it from someone who's lived a block away for a decade, this is the best place in the area for a slice of pizza.  And yes, their service has always rude and unwelcoming. Don't take it personally.
Best thing on their menu. Large chicken salad.
You used to be good Luigis.  Now, not so much. You've changed man.
Their soup on Saturday is divine.
Eat Shishito peppers like they are French fries.
Shrimp are delicious! Awesome ddviled eggs! Great sangria too! Yum
Check out CIA Alumna Alexandra Raij's restaurant! Considering a culinary career? Learn more about the CIA.
Tia Pol serves up traditional spanish tapas and an all-spanish wine list in a simple, narrow restaurant where the dark wood tabletops will be crowded with a variety of small dishes that pack a punch.
Ask for Andrew. You will have the best meal ever!
Start with a bottle of wine & a cheese plate, and then split patatas bravas, pimientros, croquetas, gambas al ajillo, & huevos rellenos ... so good!
Succulent pig special and skirt steak over tomato salad was on point.
Try the Mokoroa it's delicious!
The croquettes, the patatas bravas, the scallops and some Spanish red to wash it down. Amazing.
Amazing sangrias. Get the carafe, you know you want to!
Absolutely phenomenal tapas and great service. Big fans!
Can't really go wrong ordering anything, though the liver was particularly fantastic
It's crowded. Stay calm when people bump in to you at the bar.
Drink Santana champ (so crisp).
Go early or be prepared for cramped spaces and long lines.  Great food, the plates are small but pace yourself, easy to fill up quickly.
must have the peppers, squid in ink and tuna.
Good food. FYI the bar is not open seating so youll wait by the wall next to the coats - Think the closet in the lion witch and the wardrobe.
Try the tapas
Via Kristina
Seriously the best sangria ever!
There’s nothing like scoring one of the intimate tables or a prime place at the bar and gorging on tapas and cerveza. Tía Pol really reminds us of the laidback bars in the heart of Madrid.
Squid ink w/ rice, lamb skewers, hedgehog mushrooms, and fried custard for dessert!!!! Sooooo good!
It's everything you've heard, and more -- but almost impossible to get into without a long wait at peak hours.  If you're impatient, El Quinto Pino is a fine nearby alternate.
Try the tapas.
Order the Patatas Bravas (potatoes w/ spicy aioli) and the Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp in olive oil w/ garlic and chili). Ask for bread, and use the baguette slices to soak up the sauce and oil.
Winner of Best Tapas in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! Pair fried chickpeas with smoked paprika with a glass of Spanish red.
I love this quaint tapas bar, and the menu is authentic.  The brandada is delicious, the clams are also excellent.  Always crowded and they don't take reservations.
Los Cabris de torremilanos
Get a Estrella Galicia and some chorizo al Jerez. Forget about the tortilla - the one I make is way better - and love the embutidos ibericos.
The chickpeas are fried in pork fat. One bite and your back in Spain. Instantly. Not kidding.
Great taste but the portion is rather small.
Love, love, love the spicy beef fried rice with Thai ice tea...( try it hot )
Great lunch specials
Good lunch special. Everything so far has been good
Crying Tiger
Last time I was here the food was cold. But my favorite dish here is Vegan Duck.
Fish curry was delicious!
Everything so good !!
Peanut noodles is legit!
Coconut seafood, Tom ka kai soup.  Yum!!!
Go to Songkran, order Sidewalk, revel in awesome.
Food was served cold. Yuck.
We got the Pad Siew, the Coconut Noodles, and the Sidewalk. All were great. However, the Ripe Banana With Warm Coconut Milk dessert was AMAZING!
try the Sidewalk. It's awesome.
try the peanut noodle dish.
Waitresses are rude, watered down drinks and tasteless food.
Tuesdays happy hr. 5-8. All the beer and food you can consume for $18.00. Best deal in KTown
The waitress are very rude. Ugh horrible.
As mayor, I highly suggest you get the cheese sticks cause they're filled in fishcake then fried. Also, since I'm mayor, go to happy hour.  Did I mention I'm mayor? Okay. Herpderp. Ma crib is hurr.
Mojito doesn't taste minty. Servers followed us even after tipping, asking for more. Saved by a thread: by the chill decor and bar snacks.
Tonkatsu is a smash but the kimchi tofu is top-notch bar none.
Best white grape martinis and lychee martinis.
$12 drink/cocktail with dinner every day til 8 pm amazing lychee cocktail
Tuesday 5-8pm all u can eat/drink fried chicken/pork cutlet/ddukboki/beer/wine for $18. By far the best happy hour deal in ktown
Watermelon martinis for the ladies!
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Not a bad place to be for happy hour. Very hidden and calm. Definitely a good place to go after a long day
Lychee martini, spicy wings, bulgogi spaghetti
Get the watermelon martini in a non-martini glass. ENJOY
watermelon soju.
Ask for Dana. She will hook you up
Happy hour everyday except Tues 5-8 pm
Marinated Pork w spicy chilli pepper sauce served with white rice for $10.00! Music is crazy loud and yes like everyone else FAT FREAKING TUESDAYS!
the best lychee martinis ever. ever ever.
lychee sochu + kimchi rice --> anytime of the day.
it's always a soondae fest at third fl...and the hh special is awesome...
best dish is bulgogi doria. hands down best bar food in k-town.
The cheese plate is surprisingly good!
This place has a great happy hour from 5pm-8pm! Order a meal and get a comp martini or glass of wine.
Happy hour has $18 all you can eat fried chicken and beer!
they use parts I didn't even know existed for the fried chicken.
Tuesday night special: $18 all you can eat fried chicken/ton katsu & all you can drink beer/wine. Prepare your stomach.
I can't stop ordering the watermelon martinis
Avatars dig the Korean chicks here but usually just find a ton of men.
Thursday Carbomb specials - buy 1 get 1 free
Went for lunch today. Wings were tiny, overcooked and flavorless. Worse than a typical mediocre NYC wings place. Perhaps got them on a bad day, makes it worse if they are inconsistent for the price.
It's fine, but that's unfortunately all that it is. Pricey for the small portion as we'll and my sweet potatoes wedges we're soggy. Chicken on the other hand was deliciously crispy and flavorful.
Love the soy garlic wings
Who has better fried chicken on this block is debatable, but they do have better packaging/presentation here.
It wasn't as good as I expected tho
The wait here is ridiculous. This is NYC...step it up people. People here move fast...
The spicy is actually spicy. Beware. Yummy burn.
You can call for help from any of their tables. Their screens on the second floor show video from places around the world. Makes you wanna take the next plane out!
Try the bento box (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Brownie (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Signature Sweet Tofu (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Matcha Shortbread (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chocolate Souffle (via @Foodspotting)
Try the anmitsu (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Matcha Latte (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Cold Soba (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Sweet Potato Cake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chicken And Tofu Sliders (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Soymilk Soft Served Sundae (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Kuromistu And Chocolate Coconut Soft Served (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Barbecued Unagi (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Warm Miso Chocolate Cake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Miso Brownies (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Green Tea Creme Brulee (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Green Tea And Pumpkin Cupcake - Green Tea And Pumpkin Cupcake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Curry Rice With Kurobuta Sausage Added - Yummy (via @Foodspotting)
Best chicken sandwich, hands down!
I suggest ordering the steak Kyochon
I was pleasantly surprised. The spicy chicken wings are actually spicy! Whenever I get Korean fried chicken I always get all spicy coz the other favors just taste bland to me. Great dining experience!
Ever had Korean fried chicken before? Didn't think so.
Kart on West side of the street near 33rd is much better than Kart right outside NYUMC
Talk to Kaseem for lamb and rice with white sause!!!!
Worst slice ever for too much money
Great selection of different kinds of Asian food. I totally recommend this place to eat or just chill with your folks
It's perfect for take away, fresh and yammy food
Upstairs & downstairs seating & restrooms on the top floor. Not your average food court! Someday I'll try the bacon kimchi steamed dumpling
Go here if you miss the mall.
Go to the top floor and check out the Asian-inspired dessert bar with fusion twists (specifically Thai) to cupcakes and more - at Spot Dessert Bar.
Try everything :)
A three story tower of pleasure. Get some weird nori rolls, bubbling crocks of chigae and noodles for any taste-cheap and fast. Winner Best of NYC Critics' choice for best food court.
You can charge your phone in the bathroom
Perfect for cheap, fast Korean food.
Amazing variety of Asian food with ample seating and clean bathrooms. Love that they have that new vendor serving Korean street food-dukbokki and soondae FTW!
Kimchi Buns are out of this world!!
Good place for any # of ppl
The kimchi buns. Nuff said.
From the month of October you can get 20% off at Red Mango with a food receipt. So go get dessert!
Great place to get Korean food and have room to eat with a group of friends. Don't forget to get some red mango!! It's self-serve so you can get tour froyo how you want it.
Every court is fine, except Korea House (한옥) which serves bibimbop. When I ordered bibimbop to go, they didn't give me any chopsticks and spoon, the side dish was frozen so that I can't even eat. DANM
Korean food court. Food is decent and not too $$$ for midtown. Multilevel seating and clean bathrooms a plus.
Love food sampling here
#19 ramen noodles with cheese and egg. Kinda spicy but Amazing.
amazing assortment of Asian style food, you will have to come back numerous times to actually enjoy the wide variety of food on offer
A good variety of frozen yogurt, my personal favorites are lemonade and green tea flavor.  Healthy and tasty!
It's sooooo loud in here because they blast the music. It does not need to be this loud.
Get Noodle 32's spicy salty kimchi with your meal!
Fast and quick asian food stall style food court.
BEST PLACE EVER. Self-serve Red Mango with a good range of flavors, mad cheap food, and a good place to just chill cuz they have a ton of seating. Just needs WiFi. P.S. They clear your tables for you.
The crepe station is closed permanently :(
You're in Korea Town, and in a hurry? This place offers a good variety of food, and they make it fast... and good!
Horrible service at red mango. Girl at cash register grills you down, super cheap with samples, fruits are sour and expired candy.
Love the spicy pork for a quick lunch! They need free wifi though
Jae yook dup bap from hanok was basically onion dup bap
The cheddar scone is so flaky!  Great cafe latte.
Good coffee from Ethiopia, amazing cheddar scones, interesting cookies...Neighborhood gem!
Fantastic espresso. Great vibes.
This is our family's go-to Italian seafood place. Flo's always been nice to us. The portions are huge. And the prices have stayed the same for years.
Perfect spot for Sunday Funday! TVs everywhere showing any game you want. Great wings. Drinks are flowing. Free popcorn. Awesome bartender. Cool crowd. I'm here every Sunday!!!
The owner, Florence, is a giant BITCH! If you're in the restaurant business and have to deal with people you should probably treat them better. She should pull the stick out of her ass!
Great food! Italian cooking done right.
Decent italian food. Huge portions. Love the pre dinner salad. Good find!
Amazing food and drinks! This place is my consistent favorite!!!
This place has wonderful food. Friendly, older crowd
Have the Open Steak sandwich.. Total must!!!!!
Check out the new bar menu!! Sliders are awesome and Jamie makes the best drinks :)
the best Italian restaurant and my favorite
Check out lunch menu.
Great early evening dinner special, every night except Sunday. Nice and cozy inside
pesta halloween kan disini..
The staff was very unaccommodating
Big portions, good value. Pad Thai and massaman curry both solid
Don't order off seamless. I stood around waiting for twice as long as my confirmation email said
Spicy noodles are by far the best! Tofu is so goood
Get the spicy noodle with chicken --so spicy and amazing!
Try the Grilled Salmon - #yum #fresh #delicious #healthy #basil (via @Foodspotting)
good noodles...
Green curry with chicken
Came for the lunch special. Salad was old ans tasteless. Generally not impressed with the food.
everything is on the menu is worth trying...my favorite are pad thai noodles and the spring rolls
Best fried ice cream I've ever had
Try the Grilled Salmon - #4HD #thai (via @Foodspotting)
The curry puffs are amazing!  Not to mention the pad thai!
Tuna tartare is rancid.
Spicy noodle is good. And the drinks are reasonable.
Great atmosphere, good food, and great prices
Yum. Just yum. Curry puffs are awesome!
The "veggie duck" is the same old stuff you can get from a can in Chinatown, but goodness do they make a mighty fine curry with it!
If you get their lunch special, get pad thai and ask them to make it spicy. Get the spring roll with it. Talk about delicious...and they will actually boost up the spice for you!!
Best lunch special in Murray Hill! Tom Yum soup & beef spicy noodle is the way to go.
The pad thai here is fantastic!!
Great food but for pickup and delivery, take however long they say your order will be and multiply by three.
Oh god awesome food. Try everything.
Theit Vegetarian Duck Pad Thai literally is to die for.  But Vegetarians be warned, they use fish oil in their dishes
Best Thai in the nhood. Other ones around here are average. This is solid. Lunch special is great
Their green curry lunch special with vegetarian duck is to die for!
Great lunch special - $6.95 for an Appetizer and a Lunch Entree
The Long Island Roasted Duck is just insane
I'm quite the carnivore, but their vegetarian duck is shockingly deceiving. Order it with Panang curry or their Noodles28 dish for a delicious, healthy, inexpensive ($8.95) alternative.
scrumptious gyozas...'nuff said
Eh pretty good. Nothing special though.
Dude was actually really nice to me
Rudest service EVER! Unbelievable!
Gross. Pizza tastes like slime.
Avoid this place unless you're well liquored up.
There's a $.99 just a block east of there. WAY better. This pizza was horrible
Decent pizza; service is rude and irrational. If u pay by card, make sure to keep your signature right on the line... or else!
One of the best plain slices around. Always hits the spot.
Extremely overpriced. Can't blame them though, rent here is really high. Just go to the mcdonalds on Bowery if you want things off dollar menu.
Try to find seat on the 3rd floor the view is awesome..
Haven't been to Mickey D's In years! This one is relatively decent as far as they go...
Don't go here. They don't serve cheeseburgers or nuggets after midnight. Wtf!!
Free McCafe drink
wth is this? 11 cents for sauce..?
They put too much ice in your drink.
I don't live here :D xX
Don't expect the employees to talk to you. If I worked here I'd hate my life too.
4 piece, times 10
There's nothing for a dollar on their dollar menu
Free wifi!
Dont ever come here at night time, they have the worst customer service ever.
Don't waste your time or money here. Overpriced and they don't even cook your food. Lukewarm burger patty and cold slices of cheese.
Ladies: don't even bother waiting in bathroom line. Go for the mens room in and out. Totally worth it!
If you think your going to use the bathroom here.. you better off getting a diaper.. huge lines...
Only public restroom for blocks!
They just renovated this place. Looks a lot nicer than before.
This place is a zoo during lunch hours!
Be sure to try the fries. They are to die for. A true local gem.
Tourist checkpoint. Avoid if possible. I only go because coffee is cheap.
The coffee is crap but it's cheap.
Quite efficient during the AM rush; other locations should take note.
Amazin' donuts! Love them :)
ice coffees are real refreshing here in the morning
For a busy place weekend day mornings the staff are friendly and keep the line moving.
Morning staff are awesome friendly and remember the regulars orders
You're BEARY close to Build-A-Bear Workshop!  Stop by and see us to make a new furry friend!  We even have NYC exclusive bears not available anywhere else!
Coffee here is always good. I recommend the hazelnut
Awesome staff
Dunkachino ftw
Def not the best NY diner experience. Toast was cold, eggs were dry and the coffee machine was broken.  Head to Washington Square diner on W4th. Hundred times better.
Great diner but if you stray from the menu, like ordering a burger without bread, they're confused! Lol
Good diner
this place isn't that great. I just go because it's so close to my apt. go to Washington square diner instead on w 4th
Not gross!!!
Go elsewhere.
Proscuitto, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Greens, Sun-Dried Tomatos, Olive Oil, on wheat toast.
Gross ! Really gross!!!
Stay away from the meatloaf unless you're up for mystery meat.
Try the Triple Decker Turkey/Bacon Club
Try one of their fresh bagels in the morning!
Good place to pick up fruits and fresh veggies. Pricey though..
BAO fresh kombucha is proudly sold here!
Great wraps and pickles.
this is where you find hummus and pita chips st 3am
Get busy in the bathroom!
This is now a cafe zaiya!
Try the Vegetable Tempura Udon (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Shrimp Tempura Udon - I don't like shrimp, but this dish is not bad.  (via @Foodspotting)
rice ball heaven. gotta eat 'em all!
Shrimp pop corn is SO good
Get the spicy tuna rice ball.
Really yummy and filling. I love the chilli shrimp with green onion
one of the most creative sushi restaurants i've ever been to
These delicious and portable treats make for a great snack between meals, especially if you’ve been trekking around Midtown all day. And when we're trying to be healthy, we get the brown rice option.
The rice balls are very good but the udon soup is disappointing - nothing like the picture
A great place to eat something tasty, healthy and not too big!  I love that the meals here are scalable, so u can pop in for a snack or a 3-course meal. Come back often b/c they have daily specials!
The pickled plum riceball is addictive! So sour & yummy.
Get any of the balls; they're all delicious!
Get the butter chicken omusubi!
All of a sudden they're bourgeoisie & no longer carry "Lays" potato chips, only fancy- pants brands. Had to go elsewhere for my "Lays Salt & Vinegar" potato chip fix :-(. I miss my old Cafe Charlies!
Lunch specials are priced ok.
Over priced for bland food!! Don't bother!
Great deli to pick up some delicious goodies for a picnic in Central Park – the Roast Beef Sandwich with Cabbage Salad is top notch.  Prices are slightly higher than the norm.
The line is always ridiculously long, but it moves really very fast.
Good cheap breakfast food
Awesome salad bar + you get a drink included
They have tons of food but everything is overpriced. If you're on a budget definitely try a different place.
Don't eat the salad here. I see them prepare the salad fixings every morning at 5:30 am and they don't use any gloves and pick stuff off the ground if dropped...
Don't eat upstairs. They don't turn the vents on and the entire place stays filled with smoke from their kitchen below.
If your black, African American do not I repeat do not visit this establishment their nasty and all very racists
Love the hibachi bbq right at the back!!!
Be Polite to Everyone people!!
Get the peanut butter. It's unreal.
Espresso they pull here is brilliant. It's odd that an ice cream shop makes my fav espresso around here, but its true. They use Cafe Grumpy beans.
Whatever else you pick up, don't leave without a cup of coffee.
A bit pricey but the $$ goes towards fresh ingredients, consistent high-quality, recyclable packaging, great staff and a friendly no-line ambiance that you won't get anywhere else.
The rose sweet cinnamon ice cream is to die for.
Earl grey ice cream - so good.
The ice cream is outrageous! Can't decide if banana or Nutella is my fave. Both are great.
cute but overpriced
Our trike will be in Bleecker Street playground all summmer - typically 2pm till 6:30pm, weather permitting.  Follow je & jo on Twitter for daily updates of times, flavors and specials!
Try the seasonal strawberry - it wont be around long  - one week left or so to get great local strawberries at your greenmarket.
So happy they're in HK. Great pulls of Grumpy's espresso. Don't forget the ice cream.
I dropped a Collectivus Vanilla with Sprinkles Ice Cream Cone Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
The manga with ginger molasses and cardamom with snicker doodle were delicious. Try the ginger limeade, too.
The Grumpy Coffee is good
Now offers Cafe Grumpy coffee
vanilla ice cream!! :)
Now brewing Grumpy coffee and espresso in edition to serving delicious artisanal ice cream :)
Fresh mint is amazing!  In compostable cups too!
Ice cream+cookie dough cups and pints sold here. Favorite so far is the cinnamon with a ball of oatmeal raisin inside. Runner-up: cardamom. Takes cc with @square
The best peanut butter ice cream I have ever had in my life.
Nothing better than the fresh mint ice cream.
Honey grapefruit ice cream is amazing.
The vanilla with chocolate cookie dough is great!
The ingredients are locally sourced and made from scratch. They squeeze lemons by hand, personally roast the pecans and crush the lavender!
Get the Cinnamon. It's the ice cream version of the milk leftover from a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch basically
Vanilla Ice Cream!
Best place for salads in midtown east. Great quality and cheaper than Chopt and Just Salad. Much less stressful too!
Best cappuccino in the neighborhood
the pasta is more like garlic pasta -- so awesome.
Very friendly staff never too crowded come 8:30 when everyone swarms the SBux instead
Everyone here is friendly & they give generous portions on the made to order salads.
No taste.  Overpriced.
Terrible! Worst place on the Island. Service extremely poor, and food discusting. Bought musaka. It looked like it taste,terrible. Wasted$
Nice neighborhood eatery. Staff is courteous and friendly.
Had amazing waitstaff, and I appreciate the homely diner atmosphere! A grade.
A good calm diner in the island. Open till 12am!
Food is decent. Nothing to write home about, but still good. Service from our waitress, a Hispanic woman, left a lot to be desired. Slow and grouchy. Treated us like outsiders. Friendly to others.
The fish of the "fish and chips" is served with two burgers buns.. Strange. I like the place. Efficace et bon.
Trellis has an A grade and free Wi-fi. Take that haters!
Try the avocado and grilled chicken salad. It's delicious and very fresh!!! Ali is the best waiter too.
The apple pie is excellent. Good refugee for stormy weather. Nice waiting staff.
Example of what's wrong w Roosevelt island- no competition= crappy food, no ambience and high prices. Only thing worse on this island is the gristedes. avoid both
A mainstay for longtime residents. Staff treat you like family. It's diner food so you won't be wowed. Stick with breakfast and the basics and you won't go wrong.
I got food poisoning here twice from the French fries. Watch out.
Amazing margaritas and a great place to people watch!!
Awesome margarita's, could get packed early. So so service...
This is how people look while cruising at Arriba Arriba
Gotta go for el bebe!! Can't handle the mama y el papa!!
They make some of the freshest margaritas I've ever tasted.
Love the $5 margaritas. Bartenders are quick and attentive and chips and salsa are muy bueno! Wrong part of town for good Mexican food tho. I could eat it happily but it ain't the real thing.
Should be re-named "Cilantro Central."
Best cruising place in HK
Service was awful.
Mama Margarita...have one of these in this loud, dark and fun joint and you won't notice the mediocre food
Very upsetting. Orders were wrong and burnt.
They don't lie here.
They always lie to their customers here! (-;
you MUST try the fried ice cream! it's amazing!
Weekend brunch is a bargain at $12.95 including margarita, screwdriver, mimosa, bloody maria, or tequila sunrise.
Not exactly the mexican food I used to eat. Kind staff, but dinner too next to the trash on the road.
The food is great here! Come for brunch, their menu has many options.
The best frozen margaritas!
Free margarita with lunch!
Enchilada suizas is delicious ... And I don't even like enchiladas! Chimichanga is great too.
My absolute favorite restaurant in NYC. The restaurant at 51st and 9th is where I always go. Be sure to get the red sangria...so so delicious!
1 Mama Margarita will likely get you past 1st base on the 1st date, and 2 Mama Margaritas may put both you and your boy date in the local drunk tank.  Love this place! <3
The staff were very accommodating, SO welcoming and friendly. The food was terrific! Chip and Salsa? .... Absolutely, yes!
Try the $10 Lunch Special with your choice of a free Margirita or Sangria or Wine.... Margrita is so good
Chimichanga is ridiculously decadent, but the REAL culinary orgasm can be found in pork Enchiladas Suizas. That salsa verde - alone - is worthy of a round two or three. Again and again. #holyshit
Chips & salsa are bottomless... (Unlike Hell's Kitchen, but that's a different story.) And they're laced with crack. Gotta be.
Frozen mango margarita. Mama, Papa, Tata, Gaga...who cares? As long as its frozen and as long as it's Mango. Get it. Twice.
Amazing chips, salsa, & margaritas!!
The rasberry margarita is so good!
Mamma Burrito with Added Meat
The Rock Shrimp Tempura is to die for
Off the menu!!! Best way to go. Hush hush
Try the 手羽先/かわ (via @Foodspotting)
Great! Have the lunch bento + couple of tacos + any cocktail...
ask for the black cod lettuce cups not on the menu . oh and don't go there in the day expecting crispy rice cuz they don't seve it for lunch !
omakase tonight was different because it was also hot and cold dishes in addition to a sushi selection and for a unique experience ask to be seated at sushi bar. green tea ice cream.
Chef's tasting menu is always worth it!
Great Japanese food and excellent bar...
Try the French Onion Soup (via @Foodspotting)
Amazing dessert -- order the hazelnut and cream puff so heavenly...yellowtail jalepeno roll is to die for...good place to share dishes together.
Rock shrimp, arctic char are especially amazing
Bigeye Tuna Tataki with tosazu. WHOA. enough said
Great food, ambiance and staff!!!
Try the Toro Tuna Caviar (via @Foodspotting)
Great choice of lunch bento box. However, there are lots of good sushi places in NY city.
Miso Cod & Bento Box dessert with fondant au chocolat are wonderful. Forget the sushi. Diner demographic has changed and no longer a destination for the beautiful people
Nobu has a veggie cookbook!!!
If our growth continues at its current pace, the whole team will be eating here together in April 2013.
Try the rock shrimp tempura and salmon slivers
Best meal of our lives.  Miso cod was amazing, and the omakase provided a great sampling of their amazing food.  Simply amazing!
Check Us Out www.kcnyphotography.com LIKE Us www.facebook.com/KCNYphotography Follow Us www.twitter.com/KCNYphotography
Plum sake.rock shrimp.miso soup.andn any roll with crunch n spicy mayo iss greattt
Nobu 57 feeds our Matsuhisa cravings and is a great place for a stylish business lunch. Good to know: the first floor bar and lounge are worth checking out (especially for the good cocktails).
Get the octopus and the Kumamoto oysters
Is that sushi in your pocket or are you just happy sashimi?!?!
Food is just okay. A waste of your money for high class atmosphere!
Bento boxes are great for sharing if you're looking for a light lunch.
Great food!! Always a fun night at Nobu 57, any day of the week. And always packed with celebs.
Let the bartenders, especially Orrin, run with cocktails. Their imagination yields scrumptious results!
Omakase is the ONLY way to order at any Nobu
Best coffee in time square !! Try the apple turnovers if you are hungry
the calamari is to die for!
There's a super hot bartender named Ken here!!!
The mac and cheese is AMAZING!
Good ceviche and tres leches. A nice addition to the neighborhood.
fabulous food and reasonable prices - don't miss the ceviche.  Really hope this place stays in business - tough location on 10th & the restaurant was empty on a Saturday night.  BYOB!!
Service is attentive considering that the only waitress here barely speaks English :/ not much advice you can ask. Just be adventurous! All seafood dishes are good!
Great restaurant, great food. I love the purple corn drink.
You’re invited to Long Island’s Peruvian Cuisine Expo to be held at the parking lot#4, north of the Freeport train station on September 30th from 11am-6pm!
If you check they will give you 10 percent
Very great restaurant for being opened for a short time. Nice staff that likes to open conversations about Peru, especially  the owner. My dish recommendation, is the Lomo Saltado, with Yuca.
Beautiful place, excellent service
Excellent place!! Our waiter was very nice and polite. Great prices for The portions. Totally I'll come back :)
Awesome brunch!!
Veal tasted like fish....
Been coming here for 2 years, and it's still one of my favorite places.  Yummy bread basket, friendly waitstaff, pretty decor, good food, decent prices.  The all you can drink brunch deal is the best.
Don't go here. The service is horrible. They get your order wrong and are not attentive to the table.
Sucks, food, service and ambience
Yummy food at good prices. Try the ribbon pasta with porticini mushrooms or the homemade gnocchi
Do not order fruit salad.
The veal tortalinni is pretty good
They ran out of chicken parmigiana. But they had had chicken franchese. Delicious, but I really wanted the chicken parm.
Great food! Jut saw Charlie sheen...
Serbian bartender was friendly and great! Turn the ringer on the house phone down! When sitting at the bar it's very disturbing!
Maybe Charlie Sheen will come here?
It's decent, though you don't get much for the price. Brunch here gets crowded and service is noticeably slower.
It looks nice on the inside...that's about it. Hosting and service leave much to be desired. Food was overpriced ad mediocre. Took 30 min to get my check. Fail.
No need to rush to eat here.
Worst everything ever. Avoid like the plague.
seriously, terrible food. You're better off going Mexican at Lime Jungle on 53rd and 9th.
Penne puttanesca. Anything with pesto. This place is the new reliable
Was forced to eat here with my girlfriend. Basically the kind of horrendous hosting that instantly ruins your meal before you even sit down. That's impressive in it's own way.
Make sure to use the rest room
Nice&friendly bartender like in Boondock Saints
barman Stephen is the nicest one you will find in New York and he's a true Irish man too! tip him well :)
Check out Kids Menu
Tip Simon well!!!
gotta have their key lime martini
The waiters might repeatedly ask you if you need another drink when you're clearly only halfway through your first...
Tip Diana as much money as you can
Playing here April 5th!
Make sure you order some bar food (Nachos, Quesadilla, Wings anything really.) It's pretty good bar food!
I dropped a Collectivus Pint of Irish Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
FOOD, SERVICES, DRINKS, ATMOSPHERE. = <3
Irish with a side of Irish
Went for dinner and drinks. Great specials very good food.  Music way to loud, impossible to talk to friends.
June Drink Specials include Champagne Cosmos... Yummmmmy! Awesome friendly service too!
A scene from the movie The Secret of My Succe$s was filmed here, watch it now!
Great live music, on Sundays, karaoke on Monday nights.  The bartenders are friendly, generous with buy-backs, and will remember your name if you visit more than once a month!  Great after-hours hang-
Try the pig sliders to get out of the cold...
monday night karaoke is awesome fun crowd. great dj. fast service.
service is wonderful and the atmosphere is GREAT! love it<3
Theresa, the manager is terrific. Corn Beef & Cabbage is a welcome new special.
Great place to drink while you're waiting for Verizon to fix your phone.
One of the few places with a calendar full of live music.  Nachos Grande are great too.
Hang out here if you like frat boys with bleached tips.
Morgan Clamp is awesome. If they are playing stick around.
Delicious holiday drinks... try the pig rum punch
Get the pig sliders (BBQ pulled pork)  - amazing
Go to Pig'n Whistle - 3rd Ave and have a Guinness. kicks butt!  good Irish music on Sunday.
Haris, thanks for the compliment!
The front window for the excellent view of the city.
Stone Rose New Years Eve 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Employees are rude & inadequately trained. Don't waste your time.
Try the Stone Rose Burger and the meatball sliders you can't go wrong
Tasty martinis. Great view.
8PM/2AM. live performance from rising EDM sensation Danny Avila
We paired one of our SummerStage Experiences with a cocktail party & Curried Tuna Tartar Crispy Tacos here. Perfect place to stop for a gorgeous cocktail and amazing views after a hang at the park.
Cool space with a nice view.
Come to this lounge for a great view of Columbus circle, great drinks,a cool ambiance, and celebrity sightings. Located inside the Time Warner Center.
When we came in,they asked us for our credit card and then we could order,they kept the card till we left
Loving the Pure Silk cocktail
If you are looking for efficient service, this is not the place. Wait staff can hardly walk due to fake boob/ridiculous shoe situations.
THE BIGGEST HIP HOP CONCERT OF THE YEAR IS GOING DOWN ON JUNE 3RD, 2012 FOR MORE INFORMATION HEAD TO HOT97.COM NOW!
The Strawberry Fields Cocktail is refreshing & the view of Columbus Circle is fantastic.  Skip the small plates of food. - http://MichelleC.tv
get the pure silk: vodka, fresh grapefruit juice & basil. best. drink. ever! raffi got the blackberry smash which was gr8 2.
Ask for the strawberry smash  delicious.
Awesome view, nice Pandora mix, service with a smile...and within striking distance of the Per Se experience
Great views & great cocktails! Sliders are great too.
You must get the Curried Tuna Tartar Crispy Tacos...UH-MAZ-ING!
The space is swank with just the right amount of clubbiness. The spaciousness makes for comfortable schmoozing while the banquettes provide intimate spaces for more private conversations.
Got here when they opened. Great seating, beautiful views of Columbus Circle. Nice drinks but bring some hard $.
Think ahead and bring cash. Oops, it's an open bar.
Tonight SRL hosts Futures and Options annual gala, an amazing event!!!
Pay tons to ogle large breasts! So worth it.
If you wish to be served exclusively by the big-breasted, by all means come here.
A very romantic view of central park behind a dark decor, and modern design. With this comes a fashionable clientele, as well as "under dressed" tourists. Impressive date spot, for a drink or two.
Nice view, try the meatballs with mozarella. The black rasperry martini is too lemon-like.
Lush lounge for late night drink after a concert.
Cool joint! Great view! Order the meatball sliders! Pretty staff!
Key lime frozen yogurt is tart and unusual. Worth a try.
Shakes are much more filling than a straight cup of ice cream. The banana supreme shake, for instance, has a whole banana, a cup of ice cream AND skim milk.
Chocolate shake is so light and delicious. It's amazing.
Much tastier than Tasti Delite, which isn't either tasty or a delight.
Check if there is a size upgrade offer on forsquare.
Chef: Jean-Georges Vongerichten
The fried chicken during restaurant week was amazing. Get it!
Ajoelhe-se e peca a Jojo - sobremesa que da o nome ao local! Um petit gateau de chocolate, quente, delicado e delicioso!
The chocolate cake for dessert is a must try!
Organic chicken...
J-G’s venues rarely disappoint, JoJo is no exception. The fare is simple, modern, and creative (peekytoe crab is especially good). The décor is lush and romantic. And that chocolate cake? To die for.
Who knew something so simple could be the best thing on the menu?  Really, the butternut squash soup is outstanding, you'll regret not getting it!
Sexiest brunch in NYC if you can say such a thing (ok...and short of swank brunch parties downtown
Sour cherry old fashioned is amazing!
Such a cute, romantic setting. Awesome decor, food, and mimosas!
Went for sunday brunch. The pre fix is a reasonable $28 for an amazing 3-course French affair. Do the pea soup, truffle salmon, and chocolate cake. Forget the overpriced cocktails, and leave happy.
A nice gem fr jean-georges restaurant group!Great food, drinks, desserts, good for intimate dinner n a small group (4-5).No need to get prix fix, full price is very reasonable! Highly Recommended
Great 3 course $26 prix fixe lunch
Vito is amazing!!!!
Made to order cannolis #nuffSaid
#FabuLIST great local place for pizza by the slice. Have interesting combinations like baked ziti pizza and eggplant pizza
People should be more mindful when they choose where to seat. One person sitting in a table of four and a party of three waiting. Pizza is great!
Hands down, best pizzeria in midtown.
White pie with meatball and sauce on the side.  SO GOOD!
Sat down and shared a small white pie with meatball.  SO delicious and reasonably priced considering the neighboring restaurants.  Washed down with a burrs moretti.  Devine.
The best pizza in midtown
Your basic Italian restaurant serving delicious Eggplant Parmesan and Calzones and Slice.  The main selling point of this joint is their late night hours (until 4am on Friday & Saturday).
Francesco's has awesome fluffy / doughy pizza, which you may not fancy if you're into the harder, snappier kind. I recommend the sausage slice if it's available.
Jeanette Segarra is a mo-mo.
The mayor is wack!
Get the ziti slice if you can. Don't sit at my table near the window with the signed Steve Gutenberg pic though.
The pesto chicken salad is amazing!
Haven't found a better sausage slice anywhere else. So yummy :)
A great Italian sub
Overeating is acceptable. Just this once.
Been coming here for over 10 years. Decor might have changed but the pizza hasn't and it's still spectacular.
Best slice in the immediate area.
Great variety. Try something new. The regular dishes and sandwiches are good too.
Always soccer on the TVs, great place to sneak out of work to watch!
Consistently delicious slices at reasonable prices. Open late and friendly staff.
Try the cannolis. They're a bit pricey but made-to-order so they're delicious and fresh.
Good, but pricy slice.  Sometimes they charge tax, sometimes not.  Why?  Also, it's irritating that you have to repeat your order to four different people.  Drinks are warm.  Get a cup with ice.
Way too overpriced! And service isn't always the best!
Open 24 hrs and has a huge selection of food/drinks! Kind of pricey. But overall, great bakery. Yum.
Hide your kids, hide your wife... And hide your husband cuz they're rapin everybody out here.
Love the chicken dumpling soup!
Beware: salad mix ins add up quickly making a salad that isn't as inexpensive as you'd hope it'd be
Beware-They take entirely TOO long in here!
The chocolate chip cookie is so good. Crunchy with a lot of choco chips. But the hot chocolate burned my friend's tongue!
The chocolate chip cookie is so good. Crunchy with a lot of choco chips. But the hot chocolate burned my friend's tongue!
Really good food for the price. But sometimes the line can be very slow moving...
Vert good coffee, everything bagel one of the best and must try apple turnover- great lunch
Just had the cherry yogurt muffin for the first time. Very awesome and not too sweet. Went perfectly with my coffee!
I second this - it's a good place for a quick coffee and pick-me-up near Museum Mile.
better coffee than the horton's next door
Village Voice is excited to have The Good Batch at the 2012 Choice Eats food fest! Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Scrambled eggs with vegetables are superb!
The scrambled eggs with chopped vermont ham and cheddar on a buttermilk biscuit = so delicious.
This place has that hometown feel with scrumptious food, inviting non-commercial design and very friendly staff.
Nice little cafe in the Seaport tucked away from all the tourist traps. Especially good for breakfast.
BLT croissant is amazing :))
I love the chicken apple sausage. In fact I travel for it from Gramercy. Made fresh in general has a great menu but I'm a huge fan of the sausage.  A must try!
Yes, Sunday morning it might take 15 minutes to get a bagel with cream cheese, but it is such a nice place that it worth to plan a little wait
Seriously fresh ingredients, daily specials, in-house bakery, comfy shabby-chic seating & house brewed mocha coffee-- what's not to love? Email madefreshdailyny@gmail.com for menu and call-in ahead.
The Farmstand Scrambled eggs are awesome
love this place, great food, casual atmosphere
Great salmon sandwich. The coffee is a little weak and the honey dew in the fruit salad a little slimy. The bakery is great though. Overall not a bad breakfast place.
Always love the ham & cheese on homemade buttermilk biscuit!
The chocolate croissants are from Balthzar's.
Want a fresh, local and healthy brunch downtown, head to Made Fresh Daily and then wander the South Street Seaport shops.
Best raspberry short bread I've ever had. The flavor and quality of the food here is worth a lot more than you have to pay
Their house coffee is flavored (no warning) and is utterly revolting. Delicious food, but be prepared to wait.
Awesome spot for the downtown manhattan crowd: homemade special daily, and fantastic house coffee blend!
The house mocha coffee blend is delicious
Get something with ham
Love their house mocha flavored coffee
It took me more than 20 minutes to get a bagel and cream cheese to go. This is a restaurant, not bakery or bagel shop.
The curry tuna sandwich is amazing!
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
Great food and friendly service!
WOW! Fresh made biscuit, ham and eggs!  Try it!
Yes, Jack's has great espresso. But buy a pound of MFD's terrific house blend - Porto Rico with a hit of cocoa for flavor.
It's a great place for a fun, informal breakfast, weekend brunch or lunch. The menu features local - and in some cases, very local - ingredients, such as house-made granola, bagels from Leo's in Lower
The curry tuna is great. The watermelon lemonade hits the spot on a hot day. Don't forget a cupcake!
Deviled egg salad sandwich and a passion fruit doughnut will do you right on a Saturday morning. But skip their coffee and go to Jack's next door.
Great biscuits and scambled eggs. Adding Hot sauce makes them.
Delicious thin crust pizza. The plain cheese pizza has enough taste that you don't need toppings. Yum.
2 slices & a soda for $5
Take advantage of their daily special.-2 slices & a soda for $5. Not like Bklyn pizza but it's quick & cheap.
Great sicilian when you order it fresh
Mediocre pizza, especially by nyc standards. For a better slice close by try pizza and a pint on 23rd and 3rd.
2 slices and soda for $5 everyday
Best pizza in the area, have it every time I come home from a long trip. A good New York slice
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Hazelnut dipped chocolate or pistachio dipped with chocolate!
Get the unlimited toppings... Extra 0.50 cents  but it's worth it!
It's euphoria
Apricot Popsicle. That is all.
Worth every damn calorie
grapefruit pops are quite refreshing after a savory meal
First pop bar I've ever been to and how awesome loved it (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Thankfully I didn't get anything. I simply tried one and the smell certainly transfers straight to the popsicles themselves. You're not missing anything.
Save $5 all May! http://insidenewyork.com/2012/05/08/popbar-special-deal/
Don't forget to dip!
Berry with white chocolate dipped in pistachio. And the guys are super nice!
Passion fruit dipped in dark chocolate on a warm day is a must.
Pistachio with pistachio, double dip that sh!t in dark chocolate and wear a helmet while eating, cause it'll BLOW YOUR MIND!!!
Pineapple pop is YUMS!
Vanilla dipped in milk chocolate w/hazelnuts!
Always go for a full dip.
Mint and chocolate is pretty awesome.
Hop-off at Stop #7 & visit this shop known for Handcrafted Gelato on a Stick. Show your Gray Line New York ticket & receive any Popbar for a $3.50 Special Price btwn Dec 5-16, 2011. Tax not included.
Pistachio and Hazelnut was really good, you get to choose what type of chocolate you want to dip the bar in, as well as toppings! Pricy, but every bite is heaven.
omg i wish i were there
There's no weather too cold for frozen treats, then try any of Popbar's gelato flavors, sorbetto flavors (which are 100% vegan!), or create your own.
super good gelato pops
pistachio popbar is the best!! and a lot of great dairyfree vegan options!
Delish way to end the summer!
Pop pop! - Magnitude
This deliciousness melts so fast. Eat it quick dummies.
Get the blood orange sorbetto in a full dip of dark chocolate
Apricot is psycho.
Definitely try the creamy ones with chocolate and nuts. Super good.
My fave Mexican. Ever.
The tortilla soup was really good, their single generous portion of guac is good to share for 2, and their white sangria was pretty good too. I'll def be back here to try their other dishes.
The Guacamole is a delight for a group and the chili is very welcoming. I hope the restuarant repairs fast from hurricane Sandy!
Grab a table outside or a seat at the bar, Order a fresh patron margarita on the rocks. Medium to hot guac. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the fuck out life in #nyc
Best guacamole in downtown Manhattan. If you like it spicy, ask for extra jalepenos - They can be a bit stingy. Margaritas and micheladas are not to be missed either!
Financial – Mexican Brunch for $15 that includes a frozen Margarita, Mimosa, Bloody Mary or Tequila Mary
Dinner for two? Start with chips and salsa trio. Guacamole is unnecessary. Flautas right after, which are my favorite, followed by the Gorditas. Cactus fruit margaritas should be endless throughout...
Good food! But what's with the rude, condescending staff tonight?  Don't ask for cheese apparently...
Guacamole is delicious.
Nachos were la bamaba!
Although this place is downtown, nestled in Stone Street, to this day it is the BEST mojito I have had (and trust me, I've had some great ones). The food is great but the mojitos seal the deal.
best diggy
Make some new friends at the bar. Go bold, try out a BULLDOG cocktail.
Before 5:30 Margaritas are $5 and Guacamole is $6 (at the bar).  Order the former frozen w/ salt and the latter "spicy", and try to do it from the awesome bartender Paco
Great guacamole but atrocious service.
Try the guacamole, it's excellent.  Even more so with a few margarita's!
Capek kerja, pikiran udah kalut banget..................
Was a regular. Never again. Busboy spilled wax all over my jacket. Completely ruined. Also, after spending a lot of money in less than an hour, we were asked to give up our table for a larger party.
Great margaritas!
I hate this place. Overpriced and blah. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The food is delicious and the music is always great too!
The guacamole-Spicy is amazing. Good frozen margaritas too.
The Medium Guacamole is the best- try the Nachos, each chip is made individually.
Znakomite!
Surprising to see bavarian dressed waitresses in a Mexican joint in downtown NYC...
Probably my favorite place to eat in the city.  The margaritas are a little pricey, but they're strong.  Would highly recommend the Mexican Corn. Delicious, $5 & it's easily splittable with someone
Burrito's. No doubt!!
guacamole! yum
Not only are the margaritas good, they are strong. Enjoy.
Shrimp and chicken fajitas are bomb!
The guy in the photo makes great baguettes!
Try mint, cinnamon, or spice infused concoctions
The whole sex and chocolate thing really comes from this place. But if you're having a hard time getting someone to join you, you should probably lay off the chocolate.
The white hot chocolate is very sweet but totally amazing
Latest pw as of 2012-09-15: ilovecocoabar2  Enjoy responsibly!
The best wooden stirring sticks in the city. IN ANY CITY, in fact. Move to this city for these flawless wooden stirring sticks.
Super computer friendly and great food! Must go if you're looking for a cafe
Try the Dirty Chai! Or one of their many hot chocolate flavors.
Go here for all your chocolate drink/food needs. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Did not honor check in special
Very snotty counter girl. It is no wonder why the place is empty!
Espresso Martini was phenomenal. Great way to end a relaxing night in the Lower East Side.
Green tea chai latte. Do it.
Get the cinnamon chocolatte! Delicious.
Get the dark chocolatte.
Vanilla latte (expresso) was one of the best I've had.
Try the spicy hot chocolate :)
I used to love this place and their coffee. It's definitely gone downhill. :(
Iced coffee comes with coffee ice cubes mixed in and the tomato mozzarella sandwich is simple perfection. I recommend both!
Very good dark iced chocolate!
The wifi password is their phone number, take a card from the counter.
Great cookie, shit coffee!
I strongly recommend the new cheese plate with a glass of merlot.
Try the new smoothies! Strawberry mango banana with lime and orange is super refreshing.
Sit at the counter, there are no outlets at the tables.
Try soy milk instead of regular. Mooo!
White hot chocolate. Blissful.
Wifi password as of 11/10: ilovecocoabar
Great place 2 take a date...
Fantastic staff, amazing chai lattes, great food and wine; this is the best place to work and hang out! Definitely laptop friendly as well as date-friendly!
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Arrive before 7pm and ask for the early birdy!
This place is amazing.  The owner, Chuck, is one of the nicest men on Earth.  Also, the bouillabaisse will melt your brain out.  Don't pass this up!
Smoked trout and Dijon omelette is incredible. That mustard is not messin. Also great black coffee. Will be back for more. Takes reservations for brunch and is not too busy so no wait!
What an amazing place with a surreal cast of characters. Just go. Also the food is great.
say hi to chuckie. he's a character!
Mediocre and disappointing food. Won't likely return.
The maple glazed carrots make an excellent side dish.
Live jazz band on every  TUESDAY!
Complimentary banana bread! Yumm!
When the restuarant opens up to the street have a glass of Gruner Veltliner and listen to laughter emanating from Vesuvio Playground across the street.
Panna cotta is a MUST! Along with the cod and leek. Amazing.
Bethany Wild singing the jazz right now until 10 pm. Join in and have fun. No cover, no minimum.
Live jazz with Gabrielle Stravelli at le pescadeux until 4pm
The double smoked Bacon is to die for (if you are a Bacon lover).
HAPPY HALLOWEEN For those who missed the fun last Saturday join us this evening. Le Pescadeux 90 Thompson St SoHo open from 4:30  serving Bar Food and Bloody Drinks and be scary (212-966-0021)
Still some seats for tonight Halloween Party, be quick and reserve now 212-966-0021
Fashion Week Join us in Fashionable SoHo for a complimentary glass of Fashionnable Bubbles with your main course. Mention your waiter "Fashion Week Bubbles at Le Pescadeux". Cheers and Join the Fun =)
Diva of the soul, blues and Jazz Lezlie Harrison tonight 7 til 10pm.Start your Fashion week in Fashionnable SoHo, with Fashionnable Music and Fashionnable Drinks & Foodhttp://www.lezlieharrison.com/
NYC survived the Storm of the Century Our Eastern Coastal brothers and sisters were not so lucky The next 2 weeks beginning tonight will donate 2% of your Bill to Red Cross Hurricane Irene Relief Fund
Brisket was amaze!
60 Thompson concierge Paul says Le Pescadeux is a great place to have a candlelit dinner that calls for a glass from the wonderful wine list.
Tuesday SoHo Artists Live Music
The wild mushroom gnocchi is to die for! And Chucky is amazing :)
Get the side of haricots verts...eye-rollingly delicious!
Tuesday, April 19 · 7:00pm - 10:00pm Location Le Pescadeux90 Thompson Street (@ Spring street)New York, New York Le PescadeuxJazz? Yes! But Brazilian Jazz YES Yes Yes!!! Come and Enjoy the Mus
Grilled salmon was great. But the cod and bass were just so-so.
Wednesday, April 13 · 7:00pm - 10:00pm Le Pescadeux90 Thompson Street (@ Spring street)New York, NY Chris Flory + guitar = Amazing JazzJoin us for a wonderful evening of Music, wine and food
Live jazz.
Le PescadeuxZagat Survey is underway until May 8 2011. Support us and Vote for your favorite Restaurant : Le Pescadeux!http://www.zagat.com/vote
Tuesday SoHo Artists Live JazzTuesday, February 22 · 7:00pm - 10:00pm Le Pescadeux90 Thompson Street (@ Spring Street)New YorkJoin Lizzie Thomas Jazz Band for some Classic Jazz, Wine and Deliciou
Delicious tapas
Tienen Plato navideño!!! :)
We ordered wayyyyy too much food but it was all good. An arepa is enough for a regular meal and the Niño is soo awesome.
Definitely try the El Niño and Reina Pepiá arepas
La Fresquita Arepa (shrimp, bacon, avocado, tomato)
Yucca fries
Try the Arepa Stuffed With Chicken And Peppers - Delish! Had with Watermelon Gazpacho and White Wine! Have great Sangria and Yucca Fries! (via @Foodspotting)
The El panzon will change your life.
La cachapa es excelente
The flan IS incredibly creamy and delicious!
Free tapas w/happy hour
$8 arepa lunch special including soup, salad or yuca fries!!! Til 430pm
Delicious Venezuelan food! Get the stressed beef dishes!
Get a michelada
Nobody can be disappointed by a Chicha and Cachapa!
Amazing Venezuelan tapas - El nino arepa, Cachapa con pernil and finish it off with the  Dulce de lechoza - best dessert!
Free tapa w/ drink order. Only beer and wine
Pork belly = amazing
Try the slow cooked pork belly. Best Venezuelan food outside of Venezuela!
Try the Hallaca - Venezuelan Christmas special.  (via @Foodspotting)
these guys have a great lunch special
The chicken salad arepa. The best! :-D
I liked the queso guayanes arepa, rice, and red sangria
Giant party for your birthday! Do it.
Best place in NYC for authentic Venezuelan arepas and cachapas!
get the "tequeños".
Victoria is the best!!! Ask for her!!!
Their watermelon gazpacho is amazing!!! Pork belly is great, and staff is very friendly
Deceiving. The "tapas" is some sliver over quiche and onion thing. Ugh. Yeah. Awful.
The tostones rellenos are to die for
Its NY Vintners... the correct listing has a discount with 5 check-ins.
cool and good pizza
Start your Mobile Marketing with instant Yepword, Short Code, Group Texting and Bulk Text Messaging Campaigns
Not too bad... It's good taste...
Love the coffee and tea combo here...
The pork roast is amazing.  Be careful or you won't leave room for sushi!
Oxtail Fried Rice. Done.
Chicken liver mousse with challah bread is a must.  I do not like chicken liver but could eat tubs of this.
Sit at the sushi bar and watch the magic happen
Sushi and fried chicken. What can go wrong? It's like chicken and waffles, but way more awesome.  Also, watch the sushi chefs' line. Their talented.
Sea Scallop & Miso Butter skewers! I can eat a hundred of these.
Not great at all! It was actually the worst sushi I ever ate in my life!!!
Sit on the right side of the sushi bar, that's where the head chef creates beautiful plates of sushi
The chicken liver mousse is wonderful on a chilly night. Served with perfectly toasted bread.
Chicken wings!!! 8 pieces for good luck!
You know that famous Blue Ribbon fried chicken? Here you can get it as wings. Oh, and bone marrow fried rice. It's like Brasserie & Sushi had a baby after a one-night stand on the LES.
Green Tea martini is a must!!
The liver mousse is perfect. Just be sure to share....
Party of 11, 3 orders of chicken wings, 2 orders of oxtail & bone marrow fried rice, and the blue ribbon special was just enough.
The fried chicken wings w/ wasabi honey and black vinegar/garlic ribs are to die for!
I could eat a pound of the chicken liver mouse on Challah toast, and I don't even like chicken liver.  Bonus: the restaurant is huge, comfortable, and great looking.
Must-try: Coconut Sticky Rice —Alle
Slow service really puts a damper on things. Great sushi.
fried chicken wings + wasabi honey sauce = unexpected awesome
The chicken wings with the honey wasabi sauce, the oxtail and bone marrow fried rice and the chicken liver mousse are delicious. Do not leave without trying the ginger bread pudding.
Now has a giant outdoor deck!
Go before it gets busy and sit at the head of one of the super long tables. Our server (ask for Chris <3) recommended the Kanpachi appetizer, it did not disappoint!
Standouts: the skewers - beef tenderloin, scallops, & pork belly; chicken liver & bacon fried rice (i find it's better than the bone marrow & oxtail tho I love both); and of course the raw seafood.
I normally hate wasabi, but the honey wasabi sauce that comes with the fried chicken wings is phenomenal.
The chicken wings are okay, go for the yakitori and oxtail&bone narrow fried rice! The Kyuri roll is a great refreshing choice if you like eel.
Toro tartare; hearts of palm kinpira; chicken liver mousse; friend chicken; oxtail and bone marrow fried rice; Tokyo Broil; smoked hamachi "box" sushi; Boulevardier; Grapefruit-Hi
Fried Chicken Wings + Oxtail & Bone Marrow Fried Rice
Chicken liver mousse toast. Breaks hearts.
OMG, this place is heavenly for food and it's impeccable service! Ask for the beef bone marrow!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere! Try the beef  tongue and bone marrow.
The service here is so terrible. The waiters and waitresses are rude and doesn't want to do anything. Waitress just tossed stuff to us. Even the cart pushers are afraid of asking them to do things.
Horrible food. Horrible service.
Try to go during the weekends if you can. There's a larger selection of food and more lunch specials. This holds true for most Cantonese dim sum places as well.
Don't limit yourself to the dishes in the little carts. You can order food to be prepared by the kitchen. There's usually a twin lobster special, but there are lots of fried rice and noodle dishes too
The service here is kind of slow. But once one dish comes out, the rest follow. The salted fish fried rice is a good dish to chose.
Don't expect anything special
Try to sit in the middle. If you're stuck in the back corner, get up with your check and pick up the food u want from the cart.
This restaurant is participating  in Chinatown Restaurant Week Mar 9 -18. Have a look at the $18.88 pp menu.
go for dim sum in the morning
"rude waitresses and people having thei beverage of choice in the morn" what do you people come to a Chinese restaurant for?the AMBIENCE!??two lobsters prepared the Chinese way; 13 bucks. nuff said.
The lady who helped us was Hella f'ing rude and lazy. Fu#k this place
Good dim sum but the chicken feet don't have 5 spice powder and the chili sauce doesn't have crushed peppers. The other guy at my table emptied a flask of cognac into his tea at 10am.
Food is not prepared to American tastes so take someone who knows with you.
order a tasty plate of the fried calamari. only available on weekends, I think. :)
There is skee ball now! With free shots if you score a certain amount! Also go Wednesdays or Sundays--Val is the best bartender!! Also tried a hurricane for the first time there--yummy!
For a chill time, good time, dance time, games, food, DJs, cheap drinks, sports, entertainment, they have it all. No complaints & 3 restrooms!! ps: Leave a note on the chalk board status update!!
Val is the best bartender ever. Hot damn.
It's so loud that I can't even hear my own thoughts.
A taste of NoLa’s French Quarter this joint serves up $16 scorpion bowl and $25 Das Boot (96 ounce beer) and "Billy's Hurricane," a red rum punch in a boot for $13. Early 20s crowd.
If your phones low on battery there's a free cell phone charger in the corner over by the photo booth with universal adapters for pretty much any phone.
This bar sucks. They have a photobooth but it just ate my two dollars
The blond bartender who works Saturday nights is a bitchy cunt!
Don't get the birthday package of $30 well/draft they'll rip you off, they wouldn't serve us well whiskey. Terrible.
Dez Bryant shot changed my life. Best drink ever crafted.
Dez Bryant shot changed my
Des Bryant Shot = Makers Mark dropped in Red bull. Do it.
This place is just cool. Drink it in while sitting on their indoor chair swing.
Good wings + good cajun sweet potato fries x cheap beers = good times
- $1 Coors Light Drafts, - $2 Highlife Bottles & Select Cans, - $3 Well-Cocktails, - $4 Jameson Shots
Try the HURRICANE... Cannot go wrong!
Brings out my inner frat boy.
free karaoke on Wednesday nights!!
Me looove me some Val
If it's 9pm on 11/19/2011 CONGRATS! You've just completed the 5th Annual "That's What She Said" East Village Bar Crawl!
so bad. peewees playhouse with equal parts frat and hipster. candidate for most miserable nyc experience. frighteningly subpar and awful for neighborhood.
The beer here is flatter than a 10 year old.
Miller lite 2 bucks, nuff said!
Favorite bar in 2011, hands down.
Best place to go with a big group of friends. lots of drinking games and AMAZING cajun tatertots
If you have a few friends, ask for a shotski!
For $5, test your luck and take a spin on the drinking wheel. You'll end up with a paddling or a drink- good luck!
This place is a little piece of Midtown in the East Village. Get out while you can.
I live half a block away! Text and I'll come down to spin the wheel. It's ok I'm not sleeping...
Titty games!!!
Features all the natural fried chicken & sides (Menu - http://goo.gl/TmAQs). Taste: The buttermilk dipped fried chicken (http://goo.gl/5OjZd) or slow-roasted rotisserie chicken (http://goo.gl/a5GlZ)
don't forget the jalapeño-spiked sauce
Get delivery in the winter. If you walk in your coat will smell like fried chicken for days!
Buttermilk battered strips = amazing! Sides are incredible and nice portions too.
Might be the best value for buttermilk fried chicken I've had in NYC. Their hot sauce pairs nicely. Chickens raised in Amish County, PA. Delicious.
Delicious fried chicken. Make sure to ask for a container of hot sauce if you're getting your food to go.
Not a real cafe. Deli that only serves residents of the Octagon. Fail. Don't believe them on the phone.
Wifi pass: 2128372702
Awesome fried pickles and I dint even like fried pickles... Go pats!!
Portions for food tend to be small. Stick to draught beers instead of mixed drinks. They do have space and televisions for this who just want to sit and chill.
Great happy hour from 4-8pm. Decent merlot 5$
Good food - the Traffic Jam tastes like a lemon Starburst (in a good way)
Bad service. Dead inside. No drink specials.
Free wifi is always nice.
Molly is a great server and very attentive. Gave great food & drink suggestions too!
This is THE New England Patriots bar on UWS! Friend me on foursquare if you are a Pats fan.
A mi me ha ido genial, no ha sido todo instantaneo pero normal con la gente que habia, comparado con españa han sido rapidos y eficientes.
Sitting here for 40 minutes waiting for a menu.  All the straight couples are being taken care of.  WTF?  If it wasn't for Sunday morning mimosa I would never come here.
Been here a couple times so far. Service was timely and we were checked on even though it was busy. Calamari was a bit too chewy. Cobb salad was substantial and tasty.
During Saturday brunch they have the best drag show in NYC.  "Sunday morning Mimosa ". No lip sync, real singers with great voices.
Drinks are... so-so.
Terrible terrible service....left when it took 20min to get 1 drink
The waitresses are just the worst. Dumber than a box of rocks.
Not exactly the best bar in NYC, but if you're a Colorado Buffaloes (CU Buffs) fan, this the best place to be for Saturday gamedays. Shoulder to shoulder.
Eat across the street at Delta.
$30 brunch included unlimited drinks.
Worst drinks ever. I sent the first two back, including the one recommended by the staff. Don't go here
Brunch is good. $30 unlimited. They keep the drinks coming, no question. They even leave a pitcher on the table.
cheeseburger rolls amazing. three mac crab and cheese awesome!
Don't waste your time. Food is below average and service sucks. Good music is the only upside
Entertainment at brunch is great!  WORST mimosa ever!  It's like ordering a pitcher of Orange Juice.  Total rip off
Having Brunch.
Food is horrible, service is slow, drinks are overpriced, and atmosphere sucks. Better bars to go to in the neighborhood.
okay mix review ... all I can say is ... tender bites are good and it's only $7
Leaving another tip to emphasize how terrible this brunch was. Stay away.
Do not go here. Ordered a bloody Mary that had a cherry stem in the bottom... Tied in a knot....
Watered down drinks. Found a cherry stem in the bottom of a drink... tied in a knot. So gross.
Lovely French Bistro on the UES Fantastic Moules (Mussels) also a great brunch spot
Cute outside seating off Madison and good tuna tartare
Super French bistro, good service, nice wines
lobster salad + moules....chouette.
Great brunch
Get the Steak Frites! And sit with French people!
Perfect date night. Great Nice wine list, excellent food, love the ambiance ..
It is a legendary place - order the Foie Gras and Steak Au Poivre
Expensive and annoying. But so is everywhere else around here.
Tuna Tartare is the best!! Cajun Mahí-Mahí Hummmm!!! All the food is GREAT!!! Nice outdoor seating, special when is snowing!!
Perfect outdoor seating for a cool summer's night.
A great date spot on the Upper East Side that typically draws in a younger crowd. The food is very classic French bistro and consistently delicious. The outdoor seating is lovely during the spring.
The food here is great
If you like beer, good food, sports, and a cool staff, this is your spot.
the wings, man
Good frowns derp spot...get the couch / eat the wings ; atmosphere a mix between Fratty / Midwestern and local Kiwanis club
Closes really early. Very temperamental photobooth.
Solid wings and Alphabet City Easy Blonde on tap Downstairs
They have phone chargers at every high top! Clutch
Ask  ERIC for the "Rhonda" its stiff and sweet
Karl is a super nice bartender with generous pour. Great prices and yummy bar food.
Get yourself and your phone recharged here. Only bar I've been in that has free use of phone chargers!
Best wings ever.
Best place for wings on the UES and the ppl who work here are awesome
Jason is FUGAZE
Delirium Beer $8 (8.5% alcohol)
Ask for Eric
Best bar, hands down, for college and pro sports, great wings too.
Best wings in America, HANDS DOWN.
Meet a hot chica or chico..... Whatever flowts your boat
Get a rogue dead guy on tap. You'll thank me.
best place to be to watch ohio state football!
Get the chicken wings. Great beers on tap
Only pinball on UES.
def gotta try their wings!!
Blondie's is now Manny's on Second
best wings I've had outside of Buffalo--hot and saucy!
We know who the true Mayor is - Nate Dogg for life.
Best wings in the city! Favorite spot to catch a game too!
This place has complimentary phone chargers for iPhone, Android and Blackberry. Awesome.
THE place to get your take-out Buffalo wings...go big and go HOT!
Buffalo chicken wrap- best ever
Ohio State football bar! Great place to hang on football Saturday's if you're a fan... But be sure to make a reservation!
five #9's in a row (all on multigrain) ordered while I wait for mine.  So I'll recommend it.
Surprisingly good New England clam chowder, great with a toasted garlic bagel.
This place has the best sandwiches ...
Horseradish mayo on everything
Yummiest green juice this side of Hell's Kitchen. Ask for the "Very Green" and add ginger.
The most delicious fresh sandwiches ever!
Their carrot juice is awesome!
More hot sauce.
One of the best Bagels in town...
The #6 is excellent
Tuna salad here is amazing
Best veg juices around, try the picker upper, Mmmm. Also has super fresh sandwiches. Great lunch spot.
Best veg juices around, try the picker upper, Mmmm. Also has super fresh sandwiches. Great lunch spot.
Get soup with your sandwich for only $1 more than the sandwich itself
#3 on a toasted bagel = heaven.
Get a #10 on an everything bagel -- you won't be hungry for hours and hours.
Substitute mustard for mayonnaise, its better for you!
sandwich!
No bathrooms! You have to go across the street to Barney's.
Great place for a quiet weekend meal. For kids, the chicken fingers and fries are very good. For adults, try the hamburgers. And for dessert, can't forget about those chocolate chip cookies!
great jam for eggs, get a side of avo
fresh ingredients, good service. no wonder its a spike lee fave
Great, fun place to be. Food is great too, just don't get the seat by the order window.
The food was satisfying here. I recommend it.
They have turkey sausage and bacon!!!!
Otima sopa de lemtilha! Pedida boa para lanches rapidos/almoco. Cafe eh servido apenas no balcao. Atendimento longe do ideal.
A true NY breakfast place! Eat and Go!
NO PUBLIC BATHROOM! but if you whine enough like i did they'll take you around the corner, down the storm door, and into the scary basement to use the surprisingly clean employee restroom.
Great French toast & bacon!
The Chicken Slovaski is delicious.  Fernando is the best waiter ever! The coffee is absolutely delicious!
Lox are tremendous.  Great quick breakfast on Madison Ave
Top 3 burger in town.
Great place for a nice cheap american breakfast, try the Nova Lax delicious!!!
love ur eggs, so special for my breakfast.
Tuna Melt!!
Great chicken club, fastest service, enjoyably chaotic scene. Sit at the counter.
Came here for breakfast...the Nova lox on a bagel was the best I've had anywhere. Really cool little place.
Best turkey club in the area by a long shot!
Order the cheeseburger deluxe for a great, inexpensive lunch in an otherwise pricy neighborhood. Service is incredibly swift for those on a tight schedule.
best turkey sandwich in the city??
Good food but staff was very ride. Lots of attitude. Will not go again
Best salad bar in NYC!
Want a Yummy Lunch then come to Gigi Cafe and order the "Smoked Turkey Melt" and have it toasted of course!!! :-)
Two things to consider. 1. $6 lunch this week for soup and sandwich. 2. The Gigi salad is a legit healthy option at $7.99. Watch your budget and your waistline!
Cafe 71 is better.
Nice sit down eatery with no tipping.
Get the dafei gigi
Great turkey burgers
You can't go wrong here ;)
Wifi password is gigicafe
Spinach pie & salad combo = delishious!
Lots of tables in the back, which is nice if you can avoid the groups of moms and nannies. Can get a little loud for a peaceful lunch
Great, fast cheap salads
I've been here last year during my holiday in NYC. I've got a lot of memories because I loved every single moment I spent in New York; Gigi Cafe is a good place to be to relax and eat wonderful dishes
Great local deli on the UWS. Great sandwiches, very friendly service.
Best made-to-order salads in NYC!
the salads are yummy but overpriced, everyone is really nice, that is why go back time after time.  And they line moves quickly even when its packed.
Salads are insanely overpriced
50% off online orders!
BYOS (Bring Your Own Shrimp) ... Good salads but they rip you off on portions.
Great service & reliably fresh food.  The salads are great or for a splurge - they have delicious sweets!
Incredible pizza and great 2 Cheese Slices and Large Drink for $5.40 deal
Grandma slice
The Buffalo chicken slice  is excellent!
My 6 year old calls this "the yucky pizza place"
Ricotta calzones
Maybe expensive but they have the best pepperoni, spicy chicken, and chicken ricotta slices anywhere in NYC
Get the Buffalo Chicken slice and throw on extra hot sauce yerself!
How come this listing doesn't have address added?
Good white slice. A little expensive but not bad!
$3.25 for a small Sicilian slice? C'mon.
Chicken roll is ok.
Subpar. Tastes like one of those 99 cent slices, but they ain't 99 cents. Big Nick's is probably the better bet for late night pizza.
50 cents off smoothies or bubble tea with student ID.
You have no excuse for skipping fruits & veggies if you pass this on your daily route. Cherries coming into season.
Great service.complimentary food and tasty flavored soju(line soju). Not expensive and in the middle of ktown.
Really sweet bartenders and waiters makes for good service.
Happy hour from 3-8
Delicious spicy Korean food!
The food amazing
They are in desperate need of AC.
The customer service here is pitiful. Avoid if you can.
Their Iced Caramel Mocha Coffee and hashbrowns are the best.
Sausage/Pancake Bites are kinda what's trending now!! Gooooood!
Avoid the place at all cost! Ridiculous overpriced yogurts served by unfriendly staff. They can't even give you a bag for your sticky and overflowing cup.
YCC is now on Seamless! You even do delivery (min $10 order). Delivery estimated at 30-45 min
Ask for coffee in the yogurt smoothie for a great morning pick-me-up.
All of their flavors are great. Ask for a sample before you design your own yogurt.
If you need food before jumping on a bus to the airport, go to YCC! Better than any fast food places around Grand Central and airport...
Great selection of fresh toppings!
Design your own Greek yogurt. Love it!
Plain sicilian is a pretty typical New York slice of its kind.  Sauce is slightly spicy, which I like.  Too much cheese.  Needs vegetables added.
A safe, conservative bistro with staples like omelets, sandwiches and pizzas. All dishes were ok not great. Friendly service. No soy milk available.
Entrance is actually on N Moore, not Hudson. Warm atmos and service. Safe staples on menu. Omelette with sausage, cheddar and broccoli comes with salad and fried potatoes for only $12.95. Yum!
I love the sesame chicken fingers and strawberry baby pancakes. Stroller central on the weekends
Pear and chicken? Who would have thought? Amazing!
Awesome! Good for people watching and the chicken wings are delicious!
The baked turkey burger is great, nice portion!
Ivy's Bistro385 Greenwich St (at N. Moore), New York, NY 10013
Ivy's Bistro385 Greenwich St (at N. Moore), New York, NY 10013(212) 343-1139
The turkey burger!!! Get it!
Amazing turkey burger!
Good cocktails.
My friend found a cockroach in her salad here. No joke. But the turkey burgers are good!
Best service in TriBeCa and great food!
Be sure to double up on $3 happy hour drinks before the special ends at 7 pm
Macaroni and cheese croquettes.  These are a must have!
Get the spiced apple cider!
amazing bloody Mary!
The Bacio tastes like iced, creamy Nutella. Delicious.
Vimax Reviews: Does Vimax Cock Growth Pills Work or Just Scam
Healthy place to never be hungry again!  :-)
Great wine. Bartender let us taste anything by the glass. Loved the Crianza off the "bold reds" section.
Get the spicy sesame salad. Healthy and filling!
If you don't get the mint chocolate ice cream sundae your dumb
A little pricey, but definitely worth a visit for something exciting and different.
Joe is a great bartender !!
One of my favorite patios on the planet and he food is amazing!
Are you a raw foodist? Then Pure Food and Wine is for you! The food just that: Pure. You can find a variety of American style raw, vegan dishes that will keep you healthy and satisfied.
Incredible raw food! Loved it all and the ginger cheesecake was sublime afterwards! Nice seating in the courtyard. Highly recommended
I love the food here but the service is pretty slow and the staff seems disorganized / confused. Def don't come here for a quick bite when you're in a rush bc there will usually be some sort of wait..
The zucchini lasagna and the dark chocolate cake are to die for!! As for drinks the lychee sake cocktail!!
Perfect for second dates.
Best garden in the city!
Say hi to Joey!
All I Do Is Dream Of This Place When I am Not There.....OMFG!
Ginger Cheesecake!!!! Get it!! You will not be disappointed! Best I have ever had, and vegan!
White sangria is not to be missed!
great outdoor patio in the back - not to be missed!
Try the Carrot Cake With Pineapple Gelée, Cream Cheese Ice Cream, & White Chocolate Bark  - #raw #vegan #rawvegan  (via @Foodspotting)
the outdoor patio setup & lighting is perfect for a summer date
The back patio is both spacious and romantic !
Get a spot on the back patio with a hot date.
Unusually tall and attractive women here.
Food full of nutrition.
Try the Easter Sundae - vanilla, orange, raspberry ice cream with candied jungle peanuts & chocolate sauce...YUM!  (via @Foodspotting)
If you want to try flavors you've probably never tasted before, try the Pear Ravioli or Lemon Pasta, both incredibly tart (if that's your thing). Desserts are a home run in a new kind of ballpark.
Slap your tastebuds into shape with the raw and vegan offerings. Safer things on the menu (if this is your first raw experience) are the Lasagna and Tamales.
Get the lasagna
Try the raw lasagne (via @Foodspotting)
Pancita (spicy tripe soup) is excellent.
Great food and drinks!
El Maguey y La Tuna is an ethical & sustainable restaurant participating in Shop Your Values Week! Pledge now and receive discounts at 200+ businesses in NYC from May 3-10, 2012. #SYVW
Guac was meh
Try the pipian (roasted pumpkin seed) mole; it's rich, complex, and deeply satisfying.
Pancita at El Maguey y La TunaThis Lower East Side stalwart calls its spicy tripe soup the ultimate hangover cure, and we wouldn’t disagree—a few sips of the peppery, brick-red broth would shock a...
Not to be missed on Day of the Dead. They replace their usual menu with traditional DotD dishes that are out of this world
Chicken burrito is the best! Not on the menu, but you can still order it.
The burritos here are the size of your head. Come with your appetite intact. Strongly recommend the black bean soup!
Not mission style burritos... Pretty unfortunate considering that's the whole reason I came here.
Get the Chorizo or Veggie Nachos here. They are delicious. And if you're up for pain, try the Jalapeno Margarita, it hurts so good.
Get the beef and mashed potato taquitos.
The margaritas are delicious and strong. Great for groups.
Small place nothing fancy but great food with great prices.
Love the enchiladas suiza
Go or lunch
try the jalapeño margarita
Midoriteahouse.com
The Taro is da bomb!
The guy working the counter is a bit abrupt, but very nice!
Karen is a sweetheart for real. What an awesome lady!
this location has a habit of running out of bagels mid-day (just a heads up)
The morel mushrooms & basil lemonade are both eye opening. Awesome.
Get the blackberry basil lemonade iced tea -- or two! Delicious.
Get the strawberry mint iced tea.
Believe it or not, all of the wines here are coordinated by Andrea Robinson, Master Sommelier, author (and sommelier for Delta Air Lines)!
Tickets for dinners go on sale each Wednesday at Noon!
We are hosting delightful vendors like @meltbakery every day this month! So swing by our @GiltCity stall for a surprise!
I've eaten at Hollywood for the past twenty years. Shit I'm old, but they're still good!
Fastest delivery ever!
Despite other tips this place was EXTREMELY friendly with yummy food. A bit overpriced but most NYC diners are already. Enjoy the cozy atmosphere.
Worst greeting ever. Person who walked in behind me was warmly welcomed. I was not.
Great food and service, but there was a lipstick smudge on my coffee cup... Not cool
The portions are HUGE beware. Nice lunch-in place. Will go only if I'm in the vicinity. Give it a shot if you're wearing your 'Guy Fieri' t-shirt. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Carrot soup is my fave!
It's a friggin diner
Order the grilled cheese cuz that's what I do
Friendly staff, good diner food.
It's hard to resist breakfast when you can smell the bacon from 'F' train.
toasted corn muffin with butter is where it's at. seriously. the muffin is big, they don't try to scam you.
I wish I had 1000 stomachs
Great, simple diner. Quality food, cheap prices. No bullshit. My kinda place.
Out of control!
totally over priced, blah food, skip this place
Check out SpartanB2D.com
One of the pricier diners you could go to in NY, with mediocre service. Lots of food options though, including healthy ones.
They are rude here beware of bad service if there is no love how is the food getting made
Have fun ordering. You'll enjoy having to repeat yourself to the ESL-dropout waiter!
Deliciuos steak...
Solid diner featuring an extensive menu that’s perfect for late-night dining.  Stick to the basics, like the Bacon Cheesburger or anything from the breakfast menu.
Best french toast EVER!!!
A neighborhood stand-by
Don't eat here. Slow, bad food, and they didnt get the order right
This "cheesecake" is almost laughable. As in, it would be funny if it wasn't me that ordered it.
The cheesecake isn't that good. And certainly don't order it with the "fruit topping."
The cheesecake isn't that good. And certainly don't order it with the "fruit topping."
Awesome pancakes!
Horrible waiters...smh...
Skip the dining room and go to the bar which is top notch!  Get the sliders and fries. Great bar tenders and managers will take care of you.
The Financial District staple spins-off into a less bullish midtown locale.Set in the Garment District, this satellite spot is hardly threadbare,with the same beefy signatures as its original location
For the $ I would go to Ruth's Chris. It was ok but not great.
Really cool staff!
It pretty difficult to find here.
German Chocolate S'mores, xeriously.
OMG, the smoothies are awesome!
Having the Alarm clock for snack... Mmmmmm
Oh my. I just had the worst Nutella and banana crepe in history. How can you screw nutella up?! Oh and coffee is pretty bad too.
I love the sorbets, especially the blood orange and the ginger peach!
The Spinach & Gruyere Crepe is out of this world!
Try the biscotti flavored gelato--my favorite!
I love Mediterranean Flatbread Days!
The new wrap guy sucks. Period.
Julio makes the best sandwiches in town, especially his tabasco chicken. It is nice.
Best buff chick wrap in town..compliments of Augustine..add bacon, onions, and banana peppers if your feeling frisky
Even though it looks like it, the cafeteria is NOT self service. They will get mad at you if you try!
José makes the best buffalo chicken wraps I have ever had, don't forget to ask for it with bacon.
Forget Chef Andy. The only station to go to is Mr. Consistent, aka Yip. Whether it's omelets, stir fry or pasta bowls, he's your guy. Quality quality quality. Embrace the Master. Yip Yip Hooray!
Great guys, good food and they do a good job of making you a loyal customer. I don't get my breakfast anywhere else!
Super nice guy , great bacon egg and cheese sandwiches. Been coming here since my freshman year!
Power plates - period! Healthy, appropriately sized portions, quick orders and service. Need I say more! Visit 10 times, get the 10th meal free. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
4 dollars for a piece of pie . . . Meh
They have Starbucks coffee (without the long lines)
Sep 11-18, '12 -- Last week for the good coffee before they switch to skunky ole Starbucks
Bad news. Crumbs is contracting to sell Starbucks coffee beginning September 1. If I wanted to drink that, I'd just patronize the 50 corner Starbucks. BOO. I Like the current coffee brand they serve.
$1 dollar iced coffee (any size!!) all summer long.
Try the mixed berry muffin - tart and slightly sweet too. Coffee is always nice and HOT. Need and extra napkin to hold the cup hot. YUM!
Black Bottom Cheesecake Brownie cupcake. Wow. Cream cheese frosting and dense brownie can't be beat!
Best cupcakes worth paying over $3.00 for.
I dropped a Collectivus Signature Pink Cupcake Thingie here. Look for Thingies near here too.
Nice. Make sure Mario buys you something sweet.
Cookie and Cream cupcake for $3.75, but worth every penny.
Free cupcakes today!
Not impressed. None of the baked goods are moist. Hot tea was WAY too hot, took over 1 hour for it to cool enough to sip it
Delish! All the cupcakes are great!
Free coffee w purchase today!
Unique food!:)
Great food, but don't drink the coffee. Insipid, awful, tasteless crap.
Try the apple and cranberries sandwich - it's superb!
Hot wraps are generally good but previous varieties - meatball and falafel - were great. They plan to rotate every couple of months.
Palez-moi un peu plus de ce restaurant. Merci.
"Delicious" chocolate brownie
the natural ginger ale soda they have here is insane!  love it1
The prosciutto mozzarella is the best
This place is home. Anna the owner is amazing . Food and coffee is perfection! One of the last original non corporate places. Love love love
Really cute coffee shop with a friendly & fun owner, cuban music. It's clear the locals love it too! Good coffee, try the carrot cake.
Yum! Just a word of caution-count your change before you leave.
Friendly service and a charming cafe. To top it off, the food is great too!
Tomato Cheddar is the best!!
Everything is good! The soups are to die for .
this is a great place for tasty eats and great java off the beaten path, in the nether regions of Midtown West / Hells Kitchen
Orange beef is the way to go! Uh...substitute it with chicken if you aren't a beefy kind of person. Beefcake!
Bad service AND diarrhea?  No thanks Tang!
A fantastic little Chinese place. The food was excellent as was the service.
everything here is fantastic I love the motion pork and chicken beans
Try the Moo Shu Pork!
In addition to the delicious and delicate Shanghainese food, we love the well-dressed surrounds. Plus the complimentary pickled radishes and seaweed-seasoned peanuts are great.
food is yummy but service is  usually terrible...too bad
My best friend's favorite Chinese place. Great for groups of 4-12 or so.
Great food, but was defintely rushed to eat and get out.
Jumbo crispy prawns with walnuts were delicious!
Try the hot and spicy chicken
Excellent Chinese food.  I'm proud to be the first tip.
Teng po pork. But be hungry first.
Try the Odwalla vanilla protein shake. Its a protein monster
This place was shut down by the Health Department on 3/3/12.  I'm never going back.
Pizza and a cookie? Don't mind if I do. Try the Inca Kola out of the back cooler. You'll be glad you did.
The flan is the best
Bagels are pretty amazing here.
Ordered my food online, got it quickly and enjoyed it outside! Will be coming back.
Ew. They microwave almost everything here.
M&M cookies are amazing!
chox chip cookies are not nice ...
They sell Chocolate Raspberry coffee. It's not listed, you'll have to ask for it. Also, if you're on the go, ask for the travel lid- it's high tech!
The chicken pesto panini is delicious! Also the chicken and veggie pizza - ask for it well done.
Great Omlets!!
Great mimosa (big portion with freshly squeezed OJ)!
Get the cheeseburger medium rare with coleslaw and fries!
Food is always good, service is always bad.
The Sunshine Krispy Original crackers here are exceptionally good. I can't recall the last time I had a cracker that was so delectably crispy and crumbly.
Early bird special. Get in before 10 am to get great bfast deals! Cheap and good!
Terrible service, skip this place!
Delicious breakfast and awesome chicken Caesar salad!!
They have WiFi. Staff is quick and courteous
Don't send anything back or else you get hairs in it and really angry service. My omelet had not cheese. Sent it back. Came back with a hair. Sent it back. Ate it (yuck). Found more hair in it.
THREE STAR DINER got a health rating of A with 12 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on #FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/4204
The rice pudding was amazing!
Hm? 3 out of 5?
Don't let this joint's terribly chosen name fool you... Their diner fare is dependably good and fairly priced in my experience.
Must try the Belgian waffle. It is absolutely amazing! Mmmm. And the coffee is pretty good, too
Employees were very friendly
Try Celine. Great to start off your morning!
Wilted salad greens. Beware.
Lots of fresh food choices and a short jaunt from Times Square
I <3 this place, great food, reasonable prices. Highlights: fresh smoothies, made to order pasta bar
Great wraps and fresh made juices. Good prices and clean
Great wraps and fresh made juices. Good prices and clean
Super super yummy and the only good place open late!!!  Prices are reasonable.
Mexican cheese steak is great. Make sure you put on NO ketchup or mayo. Super Fresh OJ too.
The breakfast sandwiches and bagels here aren't bad. Worth a visit.
Had sandwiches here twice. Both times were bad. Don't get it!!!
Best drink selection ever! Unbelievably organized and clean. Worth the trip to see this store! OCD Heaven!
Breakfast is cheap, and has fresh ingredients.
The eggs Benedict with steak is phenomenal for brunch
Gluten-free buns that are incredibly soft and airy instead of dense and chewy!
An awesome burger. Will have to try the lamb burger next time.  Just don't ask for the lemonade with no ice. Since it's fresh squeezed they'll put it in a smaller glass rather than the tall one. Boo..
Not here for the brunch burger? Then put some mustard on that mofo so it's like an interstate highway quarter pounder on steroids!!! Shiiiieeeeee...
Food is good but they dint have sliders and wifi. Seriously people? No wifi in NYC?
Tuna 'burger' is sick. Get it rare and eat in like 4 bites.
5 napkin brew, avocado ranch burger, & s'mores milkshake for dessert ...HEAVEN !
It is not just the burgers. The music is the best. Just now "The only one I know" THE CHARLATANS.
Burgers were great! Fish tacos were NOT. Don't get them, stick with burger. Quick service though and food was out super speedy!
The hostesses here are unfriendly
They only gave me 1 napkin. :(
Well. I'm not a huge fan of burgers. I tried this place though. But I cannot say that I was really impressed. But maybe that's just me, you know.
Get the original
Try ghe 5N Maple Old Fashion. Awesome drink.
The chiptole chicken Mac and cheese not a good dish at all.
Still the best burgers
Wait!! What the hell happened to the big milshakes?? Hope this is a mistake...i didnt ask for a take out.
Get the original. It's worth it.
Ranch avocado burger was great
Cheesy Tots are awesome... Save your money on the cocktails bc they sux!
Small portion of fries. Huge burgers.
Sick at Leah's tables service was awesome! Food is always great but she was attentive with a smile!!!!
Great burgers, best milkshakes, outstanding service....you can't go wrong with this place!  I highly recommend this place.  I am definitely coming back!
Great Bathroom
Their cornmeal crusted onion rings starters are just so so good! More please! :D
Stick with the original 5 napkin burger. Period.
The veggie burger is fantastic. Finally, a meat place that also serves good vegetarian options.
For those dairy- & gluten-free, the hamburger salad is your safe zone. It's actually filling & delicious. Try it out. :D
Para mi un must en new York! Buena comida, gran hamburguesa, buenas cervezas, céntrico y bonito!
Original burger is the best. Onion rings disappointing so stick with the fries.
The simple name belies the delicious and unique food supplied within. These Italian-Portuguese sandwiches are a delight, as is the friendly staff. Best food I've encountered in the area.
Good and interesting sandwiches, very helpful and welcoming service. Talk with Michael, the owner, and you can tell he loves his job. Try the panna cotta dessert.
Delicous Fatima Sandwich ( Portugeuse Octopus). Bread is really fresh and light. Their Panna Cotta is really smooth and yummy too.
Best sandwiches in the area. Anything with Portuguese sausage or bacalao is a winner.
The James and the Franco are awesome! The bread is fantastic crusty and soft at the same time! And you the panna cotta may be one of the best in the city!!
Super accommodating and delicious. While I'm not a vegetarian, I love the Christina and Diana sandwiches.
Try the Roberto - Every time Tuesday rolls around, my boyfriend insists we get City Sandwich for dinner! This roasted pork and Portuguese bacon sandwich is just piggy perfection! (via @Foodspotting)
Only in America can ingredients like alheira and blood sausage be marketed as healthy... Bread is amazing, tough! (nobody bakes them like the Portuguese)
Bench girl. Amazing.
The coffee IS NOT free
Known normally for lunch, these guys make excellent breakfast sandwiches too, and in affordable half-sizes. Pick: the omelet+sausage+mozz+cabbage Marco, which is reminiscent of a sausage & peppers.
Wake up a little earlier in the morning and get their breakfast sandwiches. I recommend the Tricia. Mmmmm...
Try the Christina and the Franc sandwiches.
The "Christina" is divine!!!
Blows Lenny's out the water. Walk the extra block for less crowds and amazing ingredients.
Excellent service! I had the Altan: fresh mozzarella, , tomato and lettuce: it was perfect exactly right for a warm day! They offer coffee for free which I think is nice!
Holy cow-sardine sammich!
Vegan chocolate chip cookies are amaze balls
Christina! Check in an get the manna cotta for free. The owner is also very nice here
Get the Fatima (Portugese octopus salad).. so fresh and perfectly balanced with the other ingredients, great crusty roll. Carrot ginger soup rocks, and the ppl are so nice! $12 'wich + $2 soup add-on.
Sweetheart service and the owner is the perfect example of how to be a restauranteur. Love this place!
The Dave is pretty damn perfect. And with the hot chickpea soup...mm-mm... makes the perfect combo.
Get the Cristina.
Try the Christina
The Salvatore chicken and fillings were pretty mushy but the bread was crispy and delicious.
order a Todd.  seriously.
Try the Todd sandwich. Amaze.
The "Nuno" is the one to try ($9.95). "It’s an inspired concoction of blood sausage, broccoli rabe, mozzarella and fixins, scrunched between City Sandwich’s superbly crusty and fresh sandwich rolls."
Super friendly and helpful staff.  Cool choices. I liked the Dave sandwich. The baguette that it comes on is great!
Eat the tomato soup. Soooo good.
Had the Braised Beef in black pepper and wine sauce.  It was quite good but very kind of expensive for the small portion.
The Can of Sprite was the best part of the meal. Also I gave the Heimlic Maneuver to a choking woman while the dumb faced waiters looked on.  I'm leaving now and going to get white castle .
Shrimp & garlic sauce (w/ broccoli) was great and a huge portion. They also serve oranges after your meal. Yum!
The Sichuan dishes are intense, with authentic made-in-China spiciness. When we’re here with friends who don’t necessarily dig Sichuan spice, we appreciate the menu's “American Chinese” food section.
Wonton Soup is some of the tastiest soup I've had. The filet mignon with broccoli melts in your mouth, and the broccoli is just right.
Everything here wonderful... wontom soup, broccoli and beef, chicken/cashews... BUT - watch out for previous tips suggesting Chong Xing Spicy Chicken: good but so hot we could barely eat a third bite!
yummy chinese restaurant in HK. slow service but food is always consistent. Their Chong Qing spicy chicken is awesome
The wonton soup is delicious and peppery! A great way to warm up on a cold day. Service is speedy so if you don't have a lot of time to eat before going to the theatre this is a great place to go!
Get the Chongqing chicken to numb your tastebuds!
Amazing soup dumplings
This location is the best of them all, with truly authentic Sichuan-region flavors informing every dish. Leave your comfort zone and try something new - you won't be disappointed!
The juice & smoothie bar is great. Their sandwiches are just ok. Not bad for latenight drunk eats.
If you're in the mood for a cheap ($2) bacon, egg & cheese bagel. Decent quality.
Overpriced!! But it's close to people who live close to it. Tip; be very demanding and call everyone boss and friend and maybe they'll give you a deal.
They sell you old and stale food. I bought spaghetti sauce from them that had a expiration date of 12/2010 — in 2011. They covered the date with the price sticker.
New juicer is great! Toss your own salad by the pound! Hot bar now has a mix of Indian and American comfort. Smilers is a little more expensive than the corner deli but for regulars it's first class
Your basics. Bacon egg and cheese. Done. Cup of coffee and a bagel. Done. What sets this place apart is the work ethic of the guys making the food. They hustle like no others and all deserve raises.
Free self serve coffee by the gallon....
The low-booze pre theater cocktail... Brilliant.
Two of our staff will be living here come fashion week. Highly recommend it
get the pork chop and a side of brussel sprouts!
will never understand not seating until the whole party arrives, especially with a reservation. all patrons walk into to a crowd of lonely miserables waiting for their dates.
Love these restaurants but this location should consider adding more of their delicious sandwiches to the lunch menu!
Great Selection of food...tasty mac & cheese!  www.nycnomnom.com
I just need you to hug me really tight and kiss me Goodnight and kiss me Goodmorning . Xxx
Brunch is better than dinner here.
Avoid the cod.
Very mediocre. Despite the close proximity to Lincoln Center, I'd recommend a different pre-show spot for dinner. The food was average and the beer I ordered came warm...uncool.
Hot potato chips with blue cheese fondue are sinful... but worth it.
The salmon Benedict are the best in town.
Get the ricotta gnocchi and Brussels sprouts!! The lemonade is too tart. Lobster roll, eh. Great addition to the UWS
We arrived early for our reservation and were promptly forgotten about. A ton of walk-ins were seated before us and after 30 mins they finally remembered us. The mushroom omelet was delicious, though.
Burger Deluxe was very tasty and juicy. It came with almost too much fries...but is that ever a bad thing?
All the smiths are good. The new Lincoln square location has the best (biggest) menu. The village location is the best date scene (food) the midtown location is the best for first date drinks
Chicken pot pie has so much flavor. Can't miss
The old fashioned is good, the Moscow mule is bad.
Thea's desserts are AMAZING!! The sundae, the pudding...YUM!!!
Best breakfast in the area! Sure beats the long lines at all the surrounding places that rush you around and make your food all messy! Service is great too!
Come in at 10am. Get yourself a small coffee and grilled blueberry muffin for $3!
Skirt steak wrap is a must have. Also their house salad dressing rocks.
Best hidden gem. Try famous turkey pita yummmm
Pizza sucks here. It's cold & the sauce is flavorless & the service sucks.
Pricey!! But worth it look out for todays special!!
Just not really worth it. Find something else.
Pricey but worth it!
Come all the way from Davenport, Iowa (Quad Cities) to try this pizza and yes...Go Iowa Hawkeyes!
Come all the way from Davenport, Iowa (Quad Cities) to try this pizza and yes...Go Iowa Hawkeyes!
Get the meat lovers slice!
Get the meat lovers slice!
It's no Gino's East
Expensive as hell and not great quality go to koront's for a better deal
Super pricey, two slices and a soda for $8. Slices are very big, though.
Good size slices. Not all the way cooked. Blah
Pizza where I am from (San Antonio, Texas) is way better.
Bad pizza and I'm from NY so it makes it worse. Lombardis in soho is way better
They use MSG in the sauces and some cheeses. Be carful if your allergic like I am. Triggered a major migraine and in hospital for 5 hours with IV. Mtn Dew is good though.
The special slices are good, but it's ridiculous that they'd be out of regular old cheese.   The Sicilian was garbage, all spongey and not crispy at all. A little overpriced...
Not as good as the cranberry deli pizza
They APPARENTLY don't have plain pizza X!
Besides the outrageous prices, I saw pizza boxes stacked on top of the trash cans in the back. Don't order delivery
Ray's Pizza is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
Not bad. Good size slices.
Get Ray's Special
Pizza is ok, but they often 'run out' of cheese pizza, so you have to buy one at twice the price. Unfriendly service.
Mmmmmm good
Pizza was terrific. Cheesecake rich and delicious.
Good flavor but not fully cooked...got a slice of pepperoni
Ugh.... No crispy crust....NOT real city pizza
The sausage, bacon, and mushroom pizza is amazing
Too expensive. Bad service. 5.99 per slice!
Sometimes they "run out" of cheese and you have to buy a $6.00 slice... Not cool
Tacos are tiny don't arrive hungry. No free refills on soda
Nice place, wait staff is tough to track down though
Get the garlic parmesan fries.  They are amazing.
Try the trio cheese mac.  It's amazing!!
Try the marX and cheese! And come on a thursday night when they have free live jazz with happy hour!
Asked for a medium rare Burger, got a medium rare Burger. Excellent.
The meat loaf! Make sure you try it.
Check out the cute baby bibs and Roth Red Birkin Bag on bag at MARX boutiquewww.facebook.com/marxny
Shop until you drop as Marx has an in-store concierge service for busy moms who want to shop
Bring your kids, order from your phone application, listen to jazz music or lounge or dine in this comfort food restaurant without the stigma of being "fast food"
Get ready to eat comfort foods without the fast food cheap fassod. Marx is a children friendly, interactive restaurant concept comfort food dining
People love sushi Wednesdays
Try the B-Bap.
Perfectly average pizza shop the crust is crisp, pizza tasty, and service is nice. Better than all except Sal n Carmine's pizzeria.
White pizza us good...
Koronet Pizza, much better! Located on broadway and 110
I come here all the time for a quick plain slice.  Service is as speedy as any other pizza stop and the crust is delish.  $2.75 for a quick meal, can't beat that!
Its not the greatest pizza but better than famiglia.  There are no good pizzerrias up here on the west side
Bad service average food
This neighborhood restaurant has disappointed us again.  Lackluster, slow service and the food has deteriorated too.
The pizza is not bad it's the crust that sets it apart from the rest of the pizza chains, and there's a diffrent unique process they do to make the bread yummy.
Great local restaurant!
People who open never have anything ready... And yet, I'm mayor... So it can't be that bad
Thank God they have a/c!
Has the best and most seating of any subway I've been to in manhattan
I dont think they believe in 5 dollar foot longs. This place is expensive
$17 dollars for 2 footlongs? Rip off!
Pretty cool staff. I usually do turkey, swiss cheese with mayo and salad. I keep it simple.
Please don't eat here they don't even use gloves ..and handles money and make ur food super gross!!!!
fast service and good food. i go there every morning and no complaints.
So many options at a good price. The sandwiches are amazing. Get one.
Much more variety than pret!
Excellent iced tea- it's over by soup & sandwich station.
Fries gravy on the side ftw
Best salad bar around
Bacon, egg and cheese on a wrap is amazing!
Fat free chipotle ranch dressing! AmaZing and only 63 calories per serving
Have to try the turkey chili soup, it's delicious!!!
Salads are infinitely better (fresher) than the sandwiches
日本人として ここのうどんは美味しいと思います。肉豆腐も、水菜じゃこサラダも、鯖塩も、値段の割に とっても美味しかったです。大満足☆
Chicken teriyaki combo with hot udon noodles are always amazing
They expanded their menu on top of the delicious udon options. Try the grill Tuna collar~
like an everyday spot after work.
Gd food. Gd service
Cheap and delicious. Drink all the broth.
Fried tofu app is very nice.
Best beef & shrimp udon!! Also try the sweet potato tempura! Super delicious~ spacious, comfy and friendly staff!!
Steer clear of the gyoza.. Stick to udon or curry.
Solid Japanese udon. Def coming back again!
Super-gorgeous beef udon for lunch! You can sit down and warm up with a bowl of hot spicy udon in the cold winter.
Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura Udon is a must!
The kakiage is awesome. I always have that.
Half-price Hane-tsuki Gyoza (crispy dumplings), Sapporo & Kirin on Saturdays and Sundays
Their pork cutlet curry is pretty darn good too.
Best Tonkatsu curry ever.
Nicest and quickest counter guys.
Good bagels, friendly staff
Sold bagel spot always strong with their service.  LOVE THEIR BAGELS EATING EVERYDAY THEY DON'T NEED TO BE TOASTED
Really good bagel, and wide array of cream cheeses, but the fact that they don't toast bagels is annoying.
Open all through Hurricane Sandy - these guys are awesome.
A mainstay on the Upper West Side and a true neighborhood spot, go for a bagel w/ smoked salmon, capers, red onions, tomatoes and plain cream cheese.
No toaster - don't ask.
No toaster. Even a sign saying so. No idea why...
Don't ask for your bagel to be toasted! They refuse to do it. Solid bagel spot on the UWS otherwise.
April 2012- the cost of my regular egg white wrap went firm $4.25 to $6.25.
They use coffee ice cubes in their iced coffee. Nice touch.
Beautiful Sunday Morning. Can these guys at Bagel Talk put some smile on their face. Bagels are always good here!
Go for the nova special. Delicious fish + fresh squeezed orange juice and a coffee = YUM.
Since H&H's demise, this has been our go-to spot for excellent bagels.  We particularly love their bagel sandwiches - bacon, egg, and cheese, yum!
recently renovations took away the grimy charm and they no longer are willing to toast your bagel but it is still the best place in the neighborhood to get a morning bagel
Best bagels now that H&H is closed. Get a toasted bagel with lettuce, tomato, and cream cheese.
The staff could not be nicer. Best guys ever. Specially julio.
Best bagels in my hood.  Nothing exciting in the coffee department but a few wobbly formica tables with stuffing sprung chair give the place a grimy charm.
bagels rival those of H+H.  Yes, it looks a little sketchy, but never disappointed!
Don't check the health records before stopping in. Trust me.
Ask for fresh squeezed OJ!
The best sausage, egg, and cheese bagels in the whole city.
Good beer selection
Call 347-303-6533 for pickup orders. (the carnitas torta is awesome.)
Bistek tacos - yummy!!
Ask Luigi for his recommendations. He knows wine on and off the menu. Great food.
Solid Italian food.  Good pasta, meat and fish.  Good wine list as well.  Nice place for a date. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Don't forget...Spiga is cash only or Amex, for some reason.
Make a reservation on weekends. Oh and this is near-perfect NYC Italian. Love.
Come here for an intimate, romantic evening, just try not to get overwhelmed by the extensive wine list.  And if you're a movie buff you might just recognize this spot from Goodfellas.
Extremely romantic venue serving delicious Italian food.  You can’t go wrong here, but we recommend the Octopus, the Cannelloni and the Veal.  Portions might be small, but they’re good!
Fantastic food. Excellent service and a very romantic evening with my husband!!!
Wow. Fantastic food, great and friendly service. Will def be coming back.
Delicious spinach ravioli w truffel sauce (order as an appetizer).  Red snapper w saffron broth is delish
Artchoke lasagna will rock your face off
Skip dessert.
Only accepts american express or cash.
Great UWS Italian joint. Not cheap but good value and service.
Love Spiga, don't miss the watermelon granita and chocolate mousse.  OK, pasta is great too.
Always ask about wine specials - the owner often has excellent and reasonably priced selections that are not on the wine list.
Always have singles ready
I love the spicy chicken tamales!!
Two moderately cold churros for a buck on the subway platform. How could this go wrong?
Try the Duck Pineapple Curry! Deliciously spicy and served with great duck portion!
The vegetarian duck isn't bad!
For amazing flavors try their seafood paella, chicken curry and beef salad!
Chai Thai: The vegetarian dishes have fish sauce.  So they are not vegetarian.  #vegan #vegetarian
Really like this restaurant! Appetizer combo is amazing!
If you come here for lunch call ahead. When you don't, it will take forever to get your food, and they aren't nice about it.
The Pad Thai is really good!
Garlic veggies were pretty tasty.
Love the Yum Beef salad!
Get the lunch special!! 11-4pm
I can't have this shit!! Lmao
The appetizer sampler is delicious!!!
2 words: Lunch Special.
Bargain lunch specials in midtown
must try!!!this place is really cozy and food was delicious.I'm they regular customer people there r so friendly i love Thai people and Thai food.amazing:)
Great food!great service! Try the tod mun n tom yum noodle...fantastic!! :)
Try the duck and pineapple. Big plate, you can even share it.
Thai iced tea is strong and addictively sweet.
Do not bave the tiger claw special, it comes out all burned and nasty. totally ruined my appetite
Chiangmai noodle soup was one of the restaurants recommended dishes, had it and was awesome. I'd recommend too.
The food is tasty but expect to still be hungry after having a dish from the lunch special menu.
Service is always friendly and fast, and lunch combos (11-4) are great priced. The chicken pad sea iw and spring roll are my fav!
Amazing thai!! Best choice in nyc, it's a must!!
Red Curry is amazing!
$6.95 lunch specials!
Skip the big portion of Tom Yum Noodle... Go for the appetizer size because it comes w/shrimp. Kapow, Massaman, and Pia Lui Suan are all solid entree choices here. Def finish with the fried ice cream!
The tom yum noodle soup will cure what ails you (esp. if what ails you is a horrid cold.)
Good lunch special! $10 for two rolls, soup, and salad. Wait staff very friendly.
Brunch specials: $14 for sushi or 2 rolls incl large salad with sweet and tangy dressing on side and 1 cocktail/beer or $17 for hot entree with rice, entree of choice and drink. Great value!
Spicy crab tastes like a Wenzel (i.e. is delicious)
Amazing service. Get the spicy tuna roll
Green tea margaritasssd
Make your tastebuds sing. Try a Lime Rickey made with BULLDOG Gin.
Ask to sit in the back room. It's a bit quieter and the stone walls are impressive.
Chichen Satays and Shrimp Shumai are delicious. Also loe the rolls prepared inside out with caviar on the outside. May be $1 extra, but worth it.
lychee martini is delicious!
Order the duck buns they are great!
Service is lackluster and food is mediocre.
Green curry chicken is amazing!
Go during lunch you get the best value.
Going to Amber UES tonight - what's your favorite roll to order?
Bird's Nest is delicious.
Best and yummiest lunch deal ($10) in town!
Take to go and eat in Central Park!
It has the best cheesecake I’ve ever had, besides other fantastic pies. Nothing  is very sweet, pies are sensational. The Lady M millecrêpe is good looking and divine.
Iced lady M grey tea is superb...
Their new coffee mousse is soooo good! Must try this summer <3
Loved the Green Tea Mille Crepe and the warm service too! :)
Love this place. Green tea crepe and red velvet cake! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They are so meticulous about cutting exact sized slices that I watched them throw away half a slice of perfectly good cake.. My heart broke a little!
A pumpkin cheesecake but a million times more elegant and luxurious all set against a graham cracker crust.
Try the Lady M Mille Crepe Cake - Must-eat if you're in NYC! (via @Foodspotting)
Mille Crepes cake on The Best Thing I Ever ate
Anyone should go try their Strawberry Shortcake. It's phenomenal!!!
home of the mille crepe cake. when it's not swarmed with tourists, this place is a tiny oasis.
You will never go wrong with the classic Strawberry Mille Feuille.
Try the delicious Gâteau aux Marrons which is an almond cake layered with a whipped cream, iced with chestnut-infused cream and topped with walnuts.
Mille Crepes IZ DA BOMB!!!
Lady M41 E 78th St. (Madison Ave.), New York, NY 10075(212) 452-2222
crepe layered cake every shabbat
crepe layered cake, every shabbat
max. seating time = 45 mins
Pumpkin Nuage: Meet the Pumpkin Nuage from Lady M: essentially a pumpkin cheesecake but a million times more elegant and luxurious. Pumpkin, and not cream cheese, is the focus, all set against a graha
A pumpkin cheesecake but a million times more elegant and luxurious all set against a graham cracker crust. The spices are subtle and round out the profile of a lightly whipped melt-in-your-mouth cake
You come for the crepe cake
Silken, delicate cheesecake; a Strawberry Mille Feuille layered with cake, custard, berries, and pastry; a potent-flavored matcha cake.  Don't miss the mille crepes, either, or the gâteau aux marrons.
Expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.
Banana Mille Feuille: This Upper East Side high-end bakery describes this as "a thousand leaves. Puff pastry baked and layered with fresh cream custard and fresh bananas dusted with icing sugar."
Uh amazing
Coconut Mille Crepe cake, 'nuff said.
Try the strawberry shortcake
Attentive staff and great cakes; can't really go wrong with anything.
Mille Crêpes cake is heavenly.
Jimmy the owner makes everyone feel special. Amazing food. My go to place.
Grand Marnier Shrimp!
Tea Smoked duck!
Duck two ways.
Come here if you like Chinese food and if you don't like it...come here anyway.
The bartender is super nice. Talk to her. She comps drinks
Bartender Yvonne is the bomb and the Grand Marnier shrimp is amazing!
High end restaurant with Chinese cuisine. -Teresa Giudice, Real Housewives of NJ
Go there only if you absolutely have to or expense account dinner. It's just an outrageously expensive Chinese takeout type food.
Chin Chin's appeal lies in its versatile menu of, patent pending, "haute couture of Chinese cuisine" and its always-affable owner, Jimmy Chin. [Eater 38 Member]
my favorite chinese in the city.
Order the Grand Marnier shrimp because it's just unbelievably delicious. Share it with someone, it's a big portion!
Loosen your tie, kick off those flats. You want a Martini to start, minced squab, dumplings. Then Peking duck, crisp beef, shrimp, greens.
Peking Duck.  That's all you need to know, it's amazing.
Get the Peking Duck Burrito thing, Seriously friggin good
Nice enough to leave the bench out front so I can hang after Starbucks closes.
Seasoned fries were good...
The falafel is good, but the spicy fries that go with it steal the show, they're incredible really.
Can't go wrong with the Falafel sandwich or the baked chicken from the specials
Good food for a fair price
this place is a pretty standard falafel place...but check out the specials, especially the daily specials on the white board above the register. good buys, and unique dishes.
quick and delicious. easy to order too with so many combo options
Fair prices, great drinks and food, and service has been improved 100%.
Passion Fruit Margaritas are outstanding!! Great guacamole and salsa. The seasoning in beef is awesome too!!
The fried ice cream was disappointing. Premade and refrozen, so there was none of that wonderful hot + cold action that usually makes fried ice cream so good.
The place was empty, but still 15 minutes for the chips and salsa (which are not free), 15 minutes when we asked for hot sauce, everything took forever. Had to ask them to remove the 18% auto-gratuity
Try the Salmon Tacos - In the immortal words of George Takei, oh my! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Salsa - Nice bit of heat to it! (via @Foodspotting)
Nobody complained about my "I'd rather be water boarding" T-shirt...
They advertise a lunch special for $9.95 that includes a frozen margarita. It doesn't included FLAVORED margaritas and it doesn't note this on the menu. Bad business.
Service: 5, Food: 8
Chicken chimichunga!!!
Lunch special with margarita for $10. Wepa!
Jumbo margaritas and you can mix the flavors! Deserts are awesome. Everything is good
Awesome fajitas - birthday celebration comes with sombrero action
Best mexican food In Midtown. Try the lunch special w/ Margarita!
Try out the Cancun Wings .... Really good
Jumbo Frozen so big, so good
Raspberry margaritas!
This ain't taco bell. Pricy but plentiful appetizers.  Drink specials, nice environment and yummy salsa picante. :-)
Tortilla soup es no bueno
The best chimichanga's I've ever had!
super tasty spicy salsa but the quesadilla was super slimy and kinda bland.
happy hour til 8. nuf said.
Just had the crab cakes and it was delicious!
$5 happy hour (4-7) margaritas! Good 'n' strong.
The "new" shrimp quesadilla is delicious!
Have been eating here a few times a week since summer. Their red velvet cake was to die for and lately became very bland and bad. Disappointed :/
Great muffins :) order the mixed berry!! Really good and fresh
They serve breakfast all day! The pastries are superb. I recommend the cheesy egg sandwich sub it for a biscuit and add ham. Thank me later!
Serves breakfast all day, and the pastries look delicious (the egg/cheese breakfast sandwich was solid). I will note the atmosphere is a little sparse for a full on work/study hangout.
Sit by the window, eat one of their fantastic sandwiches, and watch the world go by!
Delish!!! I want to taste everything. Fresh and tempting homemade baked goods. Coffee and tea.
Stop in at this new Upper East Side bakery for a hockey puck-sized biscuit or flaky almond croissant.
UES Bakery with Soups, sandwiches, layer & crumb cake
Great cookies/pastries, excellent coffee, and can't wait to try their sandwiches and meatballs!
Fantastic new addition to the neighborhood. Amazing Illy coffee drinks with delicious desserts, pastries, and sandwiches. Get the meatball hero.
Great capp
Cute new cafe/bakery with delicious sandwiches and pastries, all made in house. Dinner options too (meatballs!). And don't miss their signature "kitchen sink" cookies!
Great food! Just had. Falafel, fries, and soda for less than $8
The hummus entree with falafel is delicious!
Get a receipt! Just ordered and paid for a burrito and got a "pita sandwich" and couldn't do anything about it because I didn't get a receipt. Good food, but not worth double the price...
Cheap, clean, fast.
Just had the worst shawarma, pita and hummus of my life.  Not worth it.
Veggie pita is fantastic but a little messy.
My new favorite lunch spot near Columbia. The $3.50 falafel in a pita lunch special is great. The Baklava is amazing too.
hummus platter w/ extra tomatoes = perfect lunch portion. baklawa is delightfulness! and they make yummiest hummus around, not too salty, not too oily.  (the olives have pits!)
Orange, carrot, ginger juice coming soon!
Good food in a clean & friendly atmosphere.
The hypertension here is off the charts!
This place has VANILLA COKE!
As far as Micky D's in Manhattan are concerned it wasnt a terrible experience.
Check your order bc they fuck up all the time.
Free Samples August 4th from 2PM - 4PM of your favorite Mccafe Drinks! This includes the famous Real fruit smoothies and Frappes. Speak to a manager for more details. ^_^
The oatmeal is off the hook!
So many homeless people here.
The burgers don't come out hot. My special requests to the peeps behind the counter are to no avail.
They play cool, underground, non-mainstream music on here.
Fast friendly people the manager ismael is the greatest
The hypertension here is off the charts!
This place has VANILLA COKE!
As far as Micky D's in Manhattan are concerned it wasnt a terrible experience.
Check your order bc they fuck up all the time.
Free Samples August 4th from 2PM - 4PM of your favorite Mccafe Drinks! This includes the famous Real fruit smoothies and Frappes. Speak to a manager for more details. ^_^
The oatmeal is off the hook!
So many homeless people here.
The burgers don't come out hot. My special requests to the peeps behind the counter are to no avail.
They play cool, underground, non-mainstream music on here.
Fast friendly people the manager ismael is the greatest
Country Salad and steak with frites are delicious !!! You must have them both . Maureen is an awesome server , great staff
Steak & French Onion Soup are great, but the Hamburger isn't as firm of a consistency as I'd like.
Pulitzer Prize-winner Tony Kushner orders the tuna burger at this uptown eatery.
French onion soup is one of the best in the city
Tuna burger, country salad, short rib hash (brunch menu) all amazing
never been disappointed here. love the berries and whipped cream.
Sit at the bar for food and cocktails.
Love the steak frites with a side of the mushrooms.
Omelette and fries! How French!
It's only seasonal but the Pineapple torte was amazeballs. Wash it down with champagne.
Best fries in UWS.
Try the toasted fig cocktail. It actually tastes like fig and is garnished with a cute licorice wheel.
Wow. Sat eve, 2 people with a 3rd coming later (possibly), and less than an hour before we have to be out. We were seated in 5 minutes and the waitress knew we were in a hurry. Stellar.
The BLT is absolutely amazing!
Excellent fish&chips, great service. Overall, the food is good, but not overwhelming.
Just class and sophistication in a small tucked away cafe on the upper west side. Love the mahi tuna burger & frittes..great little vino selection always. excellent service
Steve Jobs used to take his girlfriend at the time here in 1983.
The guys behind Nikolai Rose, a cool menswear line, go here for the cocktails. To read more about the designers, head on over to ofakind.com, and check back Wednesday for the edition they made for us!
Duck confit for breakfast
French Toast and French Onion Soup (basically anything with "French" in the name is awesome.
amazing Lobster rolls!!!
Great service.,,always
Hot waiters here! Friendly, too.
Cute menu, but falls short of Pastis. Service is bad.
Excelent traditional eggs Benedict, a wide range of nice bread, mimosas and american coffee of course.
If one of the special ice creams is amaretto, get it in the Harry's Hot Fudge Sundae. Just do it and thank me later.
The minted peas are perfection.
My jacket came back from coat check smelling like kitchen smoke.
The best fish & chips I have ever had, EVER! So friendly and personable are the staff. Can't wait to come back for brunch, I just know the hollandaise here will melt my brain!
Best brunch! The Eggs Benedict are to die for!
15% student discount!
Go across the street, get pinkberry. $6 for 8oz of tasteless frozen something while pinkberry gives 12oz of deliciousness for significantly less.
F'l plate very yummy but my fave was the Rhabib app, eggplant, mint, olive oil and tomatos!  And they have whole wheat pita!!!
Falafel in the falafel sandwich is great. It is crispy, nicely portioned, an well distributed.
Its the moustache! Its the moustache! Put it on your tv screen it will make you feel better! You take a piece of scotch tape and a sharpie pen...improving television in the space above the lip!
The hummus was incredible, so was the pita!  The Baklava was to die for...  Please check the place out.  Great Middle Eastern Dining! :-D
The green pitza is kind of disappointing. Ask the sun pitza.
Didn't like the foul....
One of the hidden gems uptown, great falafel and great salads.
Order early if you want takeout - they are very slow
Good joint.  A little expensive but worth it. Turkish/middle eastern food.
Best Mexican Restaurant !!
Get the tacos!
Did you know you can order by the taco? No need to get 3 if you want 1 or 2...or 4.
Not advertised on the menu, but they DO make quesadilla's with your choice of meat.
It's really good tasty food, never a bad idea for lunch
Order online and pick it up - you'll skip the line!
If you don't mind extra carbs, get the double wrapped burrito. Keeps the food tightly locked in and honestly, it just tastes plain better.
This location is almost always crowded.
Slowest chipotle ever!!!!
Very cheap when it comes 2 guac on tacos
Ask for extra salsa on the side and bring it home and eat with healthier whole wheat tortilla chips
Avoid this place or get it to go after 2:30pm when the local schools let out. There's no where to sit!
Thanks foursquare tips! Get the burrito bowl! More portions, less calories, and most of all cheaper! And don't forget to get a water up! 8]
Dozens of school kids stream in here on their early lunch breaks. They behave well, but table space an issue
Вкуснейшие буррито) доесть 1 до конца почти нереально:)
A cup of tap water is free anywhere in new york. It's a state law.
Get fajita and beans, same price
Order via app or online to beat the long lunch lines and go straight to the register to pick up your order.
If you have never had the pork.. you need to!!
3 people?  Then get the soft tacos. You get3
Amazing steak bowl with all the fixin's
When you have a huge burrito and it starts to fall apart, make sure you have chips.
They have watery lemonade .. No bueno
This is the slowest Chipolte I've been to.
Burrito bowl with guacamole and a free water is the way to go
Ask for a water and then take some soda! Yay for stealing!
The burrito bowls are awesome. And less calories!
I eat here too much. They should know me by now.
Great lunch spot!
Excelent food. Try Burritos they are awsome
Great vegi dumplings
Try the Chicken Teriyaki Lunch Special - #huge #filling (via @Foodspotting)
Try the sweet potatoe rolls it is yummy. Ambience is really nice
The wine selection is ideal and paired well with my meal. A 10 out of 10 experience for me. I had one of the daily specials and it was fresh and delicious. Service was prompt & courteous.
Good food, attentive service, cute waiters... What more could you ask for??
They add an auto 20% gratuity even though the service is less than stellar. Also, it's cash only but they give you your check in an American Express check presenter. Fail!!
Food is ok, they don't do well with altered orders. The worst part is the service. Skip this place and go to another charming UWS restaurant instead.
They pretty much ran out of everything...
Delicious meal!
Had disappointing, bland pasta here. I hear other dishes are better, but there are so many other places on UWS.
Add a splash of red to the persecco sangria to make it a rose
Overpriced under cooked awful service disgusting place
Supper nice brunch experience! Bartender is funny guy makes the brunch even better. Tried eggs nova AMAZING. Definitely will be back
The "pizza meatballs" are an actual pizza. Not a meatball dish.
cramped space and slow service with food (and portions) that don't make up for it.
While we love the neighborhoody feel and the homemade food (Pizza with Prosciutto & Fig or Lasagne) the service can ruin your experience.
Girly spot for lunch or a glass of wine. Cute waiters too. Don't forget the tiramisu.
This was once the location of the great P&G.
Try the scrambled egg focaccia with truffle oil.....amazing!
Do NOT come here. Overpriced dishes with barley any food on them! Ridiculous.
Ask for their spaghetti arrabiata. Not on the menu!
Don't get the pull man bread panani.  It's so small with nothing inside.  Not worth 9$
Great food. Uncomfortable seating.
Good Focaccias, but a bit skimpy, oh & the sodas are really small!
Do NOT get the Lasagna Bolognese
The pizzas here are excellent. Crepe cake for dessert!
The prosciutto & fig pizza is a slice of heaven.
Chicken and veal meatballs were a hit at our table.
Order one of the focaccias - they're delicious.
Came for dessert and it was great. Apple tart was spongy delicious. Cappuccino was foamy good.
No organic milk? No local milk? This place so overwhelms.
chicken fajitas- the peppers and onions were soggy and the chicken was decent. I would say that the food is nothing to praise really but the staff was very accommodating and polite.
Steak Alambres is delicious!
Best mexican take out on UES! Place isn't too snazzy to eat at but the food makes up for it! Guacamole there is bomb!
Nice lunch special - try enchiladas
Great dinner. The black beans were perfect. Not salty. And the service was fast and very good.
$5 beer. +5 pts
Try the kale salad!
People who work here are so nice. Service was great! Unfortunately, the margherita pie was tasteless.
roasted vegetables and pizza!
Cash only!!!
Great little place. Good food, service, and not expensive.
the oven roasted salmon and veggies are absolutely top notch
The special pasta tonite polpettine with rigatoni and mozzarella
Cash only but they do deliver.
gene mi kar ya ama izmirin insanı karı görünce cıvıtıyo : O
Really good pizza!
Nicest staff. Dropped my slice,  and the replacement slice was on the house. Best NY slice in the neighborhood too.
Sweet sandwiches
Great to sit outside in the garden - even in winter!
Watch out - juice is $9
When you order a cortardo, make sure they don't think you said frittata. There's no latte art on those.
Try the Cortada (via @Foodspotting)
After walking the High Line it is a nice place to stop for a coffee break.
The staff wears fedoras! Kinda cool, plus they have the best coffee in wv!
Try the Cortada - Prepped by a very stylish barista. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Iced Coffee - Say hello to Claire, a @Foodspotting fan, and have an iced coffee in the garden... (via @Foodspotting)
The corrado is perfect. - Fred Wilson
Best cappuccino in the hood
10 dollars for carrot juice. WTF.
take it black, as you should
Great cappuccinos, very cute garden out back, and the best destination in the meat packing area for coffee. Will def be a regular here!
amazing cortado
Fantastic private garden in back!
The mocha is damn tasty
Incredibly good espresso.
No public wifi
If we can actually manage to order a coffee (so hard to know what to get with a slew of brewing options ranging from aeropress to French press), the coffee (beans by Stumptown Roasters) is crazy good.
Don't go here when its busy. Youll wait 20 minutes, they'll forget your scone
Great coffee but avoid on Sunday mornings, the line is super long.
If you're having a bad day... Pop in! There are some entertaining hats to cheer you up.
Their mocha n lattes are the best! Don't forget to check out the garden!
Great paninis, best expresso in the neighborhood
Excellent coffee, great decor, awesome garden in the back and stays open fairly late. It's a Meatpacking Zen Gem.
I love this place, but the prices went up significantly...$4 for an ice coffee is unacceptable.
Best coffee shop in town! Grab it to go and head to the water
8 yrs in ny & think this is my favorite coffee. Factor in the garden & I know it is
Enjoy a leisurely afternoon in the garden. Excellent espresso.
Nice garden in the back, if the weather cooperates.
Best $1 pizza!!! Better than two bros!!!
Can't go wrong with $1 slices
Great pizza, not just for the price, add herbs, parmesan cheese, salt & pepper, chili pepper, garlic pepper, and hot sauce to make it taste less plain.
The plan pizza on it's own is outstanding! Don't be afraid by the low price!
The owner is super nice and the juices are healthy... Good post Korean BBQ palette cleanser
Delicious lunch options, also a great place to grab cleansing and energizing pressed juices.
Pay $14 to spend $28 at Small Peace
Green Juice. Kale, Celery, Spinach and apple. Yum :)
Best lentil soup ever. Ask to try samples of any kind. Very friendly!
Small Peace has the best peanut butter smoothies around! The green apple greens juice is really good. Soups are pretty good too!
Beet carrot celery apple juice highly recommended
Pay with your phone using LevelUp and you save some bucks!
Great juice, smoothies, vegetarian soups, sandwiches. Love this place.
Love this place
Order the Sweet Green juice with Pineapple-yummy AND super-healthy.
Great smoothies
$3 bacon, egg & cheese sandwich on a roll with 75¢ coffee. <3
Best wings I've had!
Quite possibly the best. wings. ever. Get the wing combo platter and a carafe of the lychee soju.
Numnum French fries
Pretty tasty Thai food. :)
Ordered a pineapple fried rice and they forgot the pineapple...
Good neighborhood Thai.
Chicken basil rice and soup is awesome
It was good, and I dont even like Thai that much. Service was quick, nice atmposphere.
Dreadful food quality. Steer clear.
They always have a huge selection of flavored coffees, both hot and iced. Everything from banana cream to blueberry crumb.
Best iced coffee
Unfortunately, the coffee is pretty bad. The place seems cute though and maybe their other stuff makes up for it?
$11.24 for a turkey sandwich & small bottle of H2O! Way too much!
The whole grain oat rolls they have for sandwiches are unreal, and the Columbian iced coffee is tops. But the cakes are gnarly, stick to cookies.
Old school deli that been here since the 40's and still churns out well made sandwiches & especially the Chicken Parmesan or the #6 Sub.
great frsh made salads and sandwiches
Dear Cate: I meant to check into the gym. Sorry.
Dear Mayor of Clover: the store is closed on Sundays, stop cheating.
Italian on whole-wheat was so amazing!!!
AMAZING! My current favorites are: Greek Salad w/their tossed dressing, 3 Bean Salad, Chili, Tuna Melt...I try to stay away from the beautiful, enticing desserts. GOD they look so amazing!
Great cookies
Italian cookies r good but expensive!! $17 a lb
Awesome brewed flavored coffee!
Service is slow and not professional...
Must have the Cinque Cento Margarita. Great bar and service!
Beware vegetarians: They may toss some pork in your veggie order.  Oops!
Horrible service and unsatisfactory food.  Such a pretty location, but what lack luster food.
Excellent mojito.
We loved having them at our Choice Eats tasting event, so we're happy to have Testaccio back as a 2012 Village Voice Obie Awards restaurant partner! Delicious, local Italian food.
Try the Black Ink Risotto With Calamari - PheNoms! (via @Foodspotting)
Stopped by for a quick bite. Had the daily pizza of the day and it was amazing! Simple done well is always soo delicious. Btw, the bartender DOES know what she's doing.
Have to get the Oxtail.
Don't eat at the bar. Bartender does not know what she is doing.
They have Tanqueray 10 AND they know how to make a martini!
Best italian food ever!
It's a very beautiful phone.
Overrated. Don't bother eating here. Food is bland & either under or over cooked.
Best bar to eat on this stretch of Vernon blvd.
Don't get the "Ginger Pink"
Having withdrawals?? Try the pizza.
Ask for your dishes cooked medium or medium rare.  We had salmon and veal, both of them tasted great but were tough and overcooked.
Try the flank steak at lunch and the saltimbocca at dinner.
Great carciofo alla giudea and oxtail secondo piatto
The duck pate (part of Bruschette) tastes like butter (gross)! The waiter confirmed with the kitchen saying that it's intentional. I have a real problem with restaurants okay with that!
The dessert gelato wasn't any good. $8 for melted gelato, 4 strawberries and sugar isn't worth it. The rest of the food was great, sea scallops with crabmeat was delicious.
Always something good cooking here...
Warm apple cider, yum
Best DD in the city
Camp out here if it's raining while waiting on the Megabus.
Excellent service. Also very generous with there coffee ;-)
Really quick service with no bs!
FIT students get the senior citizen discount!!
A certain time FIT girls go there soooo many cute ladies
The lazy cactus is a sustainable hangout spot. The outdoor lanterns are solar powered and visitors can take home fresh basil from the herb garden.
The Village Voice voted this Best Edible Repackaging of Beer in the Best of New York poll!
Good service, good food.
Overpriced Korean BBQ along with terrible service while we were there. You're basically paying for the decor.
nice, clean modern decor sets it apart from other Korean restaurants on the block. Menu offers some interesting twists on usual Korean fare like mixed tobiko bibim bap - yummy.
Great interior, good foods, but not as good service.
A relatively new addition to K-Town but earns points for a variety of dolsoht bibimbaps, ie. eel. The modern decor and good service are an added bonus.
Yummy tofu stew and Jaeyook bokkeum, Spicy Japchae is way too spicy tho! Overall, great service and nice deco ^.~
Don't get the Kimchi Stew!!  Super tiny pieces of meat that's almost non existent!!  They should rename it kimchi vegetable stew instead.  And it doesn't taste that good either.  Go to Seoul Garden
try my traditional coocked food, it's great and uniq taste
Pistachio ice cream ftw
Horrible horrible yuck yuck YUCK.
Serving the hottest coffee this side of hell.
Really unique chicken with curry here. More creamy with eggplant. Really good!  And lunch special for 6.25 helps!
Good Japanese lunch specials, but I'd stay away from the Chinese food (how ironic)
$2.19 for a muffin?!
Jerilee is hot. Eliot makes the best egg whites in New York.
S-l-o-w. Don't go here if you are in a hurry!
Have the beer.
Awesome grilled chicken & corn chowder soup!
Use the cashier on the starbucks (east side) much faster.
The lady at the cashier register has BO. Ugh.
With Salami, Mexican Chorizo, Ham, Muenster, Pickled Jalapenos, Sweet Potatoes & Thai Basil, the Godfather Part II is the United Nations of sandwiches
Get the waffle fries with cheese. They're awesome!
Turnip sub party
The best sandwiches. Life Savers are an added treat with delivery.
Zucchini Parm is always amazing. Love the cheesesteak as well.
If you like veggies you'll love the Zuccini Parm. Effin incredible...you won't beleive it!
All these expertly crafted, hearty sandwiches are made with care and cost under $10. Our favorite: the Bratwurst, with tomatoes, grilled onion, cilantro and michelada mayo. And they have WAFFLE FRIES.
Not sure if it's worth the prices and the hype.
Chef Tyler Kord can do amazing things with meat, but we’ve been most impressed with his uncanny ability to turn regular old vegetables into exciting sandwich creations
bologna sangwich!
woah. the corned beef brisket sandwich is slap your mama good. excellent sauce on the waffle fries. interesting hot sauce. that's way hot. water at end of the bar.
Pricey for a sandwich but well worth it.. Corned beef made me weep it was that good
Don't forget to tip well you cheap-o's
Village Voice is excited to have No. 7 Sub at the 2012 ChoiceEats food fest!  Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Delicious subs from no.7 in fort Greene. The veggie sandos are killer!
Great atmosphere
The baked potato.
Test the waters w/ great  sides: Baked potato w/ Brussels Sprouts, Feta Cheese, Shallot Vinaigrette + Corned Beef Braises Cannelini Beans sour cream + pickled red onion - @foodpusher
Fish sandwich is awesome. Note it's fried but goes so well with the Refried beans spread. Delicious
beware they are not yet open for lunch. not sure when this will change but we were super bummed.
Order the yummy corned beef sandwich with strongbow
Chef Tyler Kord opens a larger location of his sandwich shop in Greenpoint today (with a full bar!). We're fans of any of the subs stuffed with potato chips.
Check and see if try have what you order first before paying.
Try the mango w fruit toppings and honey!
The original is great, with some blood orange (when it's in season), some blackberries, mangoes, and granola. Just makes my day :-)
The pomegranet flavor with fresh strawberries, bananas, kiwi, and blueberries is the way to go!
Peanutbutter and jelly . Life changing pinkberry flavor combo.
Don't be an obnoxious customer and the staff responds to that...liiike ten stamps on a pb stamp card
Swirly-sweet goodness with a low calorie count. Plus grade-A fruit toppings and extras like shaved coconut and Nutella crunch.
No more Happy Hour! Boo!
Keep the good service
Keep in mind, Pinkberry Happy Hour prices are ONLY for the Watermelon flavor
Awesome!!!!! Love mango
Mango!
Get as many toppings as wanted
This is my usual PB to stop in, but I have to admit I am happy there are all over this city.
Cute little restaurant that's a nice break from the area. Very wonderful service made sure everything was perfect. Try Brie cheese on the burger, or the salmon.
Great to have a French place in the hood with good food and a calm ambience.
It's official -- this is the best Mickey D's on the planet!
Have to agree. Fast and efficient.
Gross but the soda dispenser is nice.
Amazing soda fountain. soon many fkavors
Awesome soda machine. Strawberry Fanta!
Very busy place. Mostly all Hispanic Staff. Get food very quickly. Seating on ground floor and lower level. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Multiple restrooms ftw
Staff is real nice!
So kool soda machine has over 100 different soda choices...even though that's too much soda - LOL
Paupertent met koude hamburgers
Value meals are about one dollar cheaper than the McDonalds at 42nd street between madison and 5th avenue. Its just two blocks away.
yogurt is d best
get the medium hot cafe (coffee) for the stickers. 4 stickers = 1 free drink
So much better than 4food across the street
Fastest, most efficient McDonalds I've been to in NYC in years. In and out in 4 min. And this is lunchtime!
BBQ snack wrap is better than you think
Bathroom is downstairs, proceed with caution.
Get The Lunch Special Bento Box!!!
The lobster roll was amazing and the saikoro steak was perfectly done
Sushi for two is delicious. Every single piece :)
Sit in the back: you avoid the cold air from the door and the glare of the bright light in the entry!
High on quality, low on attitude - Aji serves an extraordinary American-centric variety of sushi and cooked Japanese food. And who can say no to Banana Tempura with a scoop of ice cream for $3.50?
Excellent spot! Get the sushi- sashimi platter. Will not disappoint!
Spicy Triplets forever
Red goddess roll is good stuff. Sushi here is nice and tight. No sloppy sushi.
I have eaten at countless sushi places around NYC, this place is amazing for not only price and quality, but quantity and attentive staff! I will defiantly be back.
Mango submarine roll and tiger roll .. Got all the other sushi spots around here beat
Delish!
Love the fresh naruto roll and the ocean roll!
Six dollar cocktails!
Not only is the sushi here SO good. It's BYOB! Bring your own vino paired with a Spicy Tuna Pizza and you're off to a fabulous night.
This was my first ever foursquare checkin in September 2009. Awesome!
You've got to try the Lychee Martini! Delicioso!! ^^
O sanduíche de sushi é simplesmente perfeito! Assim como o tempurá de camarão. Não curte alga no roll? Peça com soy paper! Sorvete de chá verde frito no final! Peeeeerfect!
I can't go to NYC without going to NANA for my Honey Sandwich roll... It's unbelievable..
Get the nana roll
Slow service unless you're ordering sushi…
BYOB, Maki combo B, ignoring the 2 hour time limit... 3 steps to conquering Nana
BYOB!! Gets super loud/rowdy in the back tables and the staff don't seem to mind. Good for birthdays. The black cod was delish
This place is great because, not only do they have good food, but it's BYOB so you save big on alcohol. Check out the Murry Hill Liquor Store across the street
Good prices, good sushi and friendly staff. And you can bring your own bottle of wine! My rolls were delicious and I tried my first seaweed salad. Yum.
The Valpak menu is inaccurate and not authorized by the restaurant.
What's with the Buddha with the swastika??????? No Ty
Great slice after having to deal wIth Murray Hill scum
Good slices!
Try the Grandma slice
Check out the wallpaper. If you find out where they got it--- message me!
Love the trendy decoration! Lunch special is solid
Happy hour $3 beer $5 wine!
Mirrors, mirrors, and more mirrors.
Best, cheapest place to buy produce in the whole neighborhood.
The General Tso Chicken is great and the pork fried rice too! Reasonable price :-)
Get any kind of fried rice. amazing.
honestly wtf
Loved the strawberry rhubarb macaroon! Not a fan of the honey lavender or creme brûlée
French press coffee & tartine with butter and jam, my new addiction
Try the Assorted French Macaroons - Pistachio, Nutella, almond, flavor.    (via @Foodspotting)
Coconut ones are the best!!
Large selection of macarons and good salads for lunch
Almost like coffee in Europe!
You must try the pistachio or coconut flavored! They are amazing!
Counter Culture coffee/espresso & bottled La Colombe pure black coffee. Free wifi too, just ask for the password.
Some of the best iced coffee I've ever had.
Nutella Macaroon. Check.. Dark Chocolate Macaroon. Check. Smile on my face and in my tummy? Check.
A hidden gem in the fashion district. Authentic French cafe with delicious food and waitresses in French maid outfits.
Coffee/espresso is wonderful. Macarons are hit or miss. Make sure you let them get to room temperature first. I think the fruit ones are better.
Amazing cookies! Haven't tasted anything like this in ny for awhile. Try the pistachio. Or dark chocolate. Awesome
Really like their Cap's - great place I get out of the bustle of mid-town
Every flavor is fantastic. Get once of each, then double your order.
Try the Normandy Sandwich  - So good! My favorite :) (via @Foodspotting)
nice surprise in garment district/midtown hell.  les mariages freres teas, baguette sandwhiches
Try the espresso macaron.
Best Macaroons ever!!!
Absolute Best Latte I've ever tasted.  I love this place.
Seriously delicious. Get yourself at least 6 to go - you'll be glad you did!
pistachio & green tea!!!
Soft but crispy, light but decadent, cake yet crusty and  delightfully chewy with a smear of some kind of heaven inside.
Though known for delectable macaroons, their lunch options are just as good. Capri sandwich on a fresh French baguette or the popular Venezia salad are 2 of my favorites.
The closest thing to Paris.
Avoid the lunch time rush and drop in after 3 PM for a cappuccino and macaroon. The Paris is my favorite sandwich.
Iced brew is the best in the area!
The best iced coffee in the world!!!
Fridays=Salmon Quiche=yummm!
No food on Saturday.
Hand made pitas = good falafel.
Service is pretty much non existent here but the servers don't seem to be too offended when you call for their attention.
Always ask for Aviel to serve you he is incredibly sexy!!
The owner is a very nice guy.
The shawarma laffa is amazing. Make sure to add the onions and spice.
Add fries inside your falafel sandwich. You're welcome.
If you're ordering a platter, get the shawarma with everything on it, and SHARE! The lafa (pita) is phenomenal and slightly spicy. Plenty for two - it's a large wrap cut in half with 2 sides.
Best "C" restaurant I ever ate at...
Amazing hummus shwarma and falafel is extremely fresh
Great pita bread for the appetizers. But the pita for the sandwiches is disappointing in comparison. Stick with the plates or laffa.
Shawarma Laffa was good; tasted just like home. Humus, cheeps, salat ve ktsat hareef bevakasha!
if you order any of the sandwiches with "everything" they put french fries in it
Order the Za'atar Laffa bread and Five Mezze platter.
Get the reserve coffee made on their magic clover machine
Love this starbucks! Tons of places to sit, lots of outlets, and friendly staff!
Great service. Very roomy. Great AC.
Renovation didn't help the baristas. Three people behind the counter the other day, I'm the only waiting guest, and all three of them forgot to make my drink.
Excellent. Need a wedding photographer?  www.gardnerhamilton.com  enjoy your coffee.!
This place seems super efficient for a sbux. Headsets and all...
many starbucks
fantastic service here - the manager is out in the line taking your order before you get to the register when it's busy, which is perfect for 8:30/9am rush. one of my favorite Starbucks locations!
They turned this place around! Huge overhaul. Great seating. Outlets along one wall. Amazing staff, friendly. I'm proud to call this MY Starbucks.
Completely remodeled with possibly less seating. But do have better exotic coffee selections now.
Just underwent a huge renovation in Jun 12. There are less big tables and more two-tops. At first I was bummed, but its more efficient since you don't get one guy taking up a big table by himself.
Bastards have covered all the electrical outlets. Next time I'm going to Bogota Latin Bistro in park slope brooklyn!
This location may have a lot of tables but they took out all power outlets. The 34th location is smaller but has outlets and less traffic.
This is really a great location to stay away from the hustle bustle of touristy areas! A reprieve for locals!
It's big. Not crowded on weekday evenings. Good place I read/studyyyy.
Not your usual tourist infested Starbucks!
Great Starbucks. Lot of space and thf calm. Great spot to work
Give the Blonde Roast a sip. Its rather tasty :)
Hate everything here. Just wanted the points.
Service is siooooooo slow here
PSA: All power outlets covered.
Huuuuuuge, tons of seating/outlets, chill staff.........dare I say my FAVORITE STARBUCKS???
go for the shaken iced tea lemonade, passion fruit, get it sweetened.
This place goes through a bullet an hour. Don't be shocked if you don't get your favorite blend.
Trying to pay with coins may result in a free drink, it happen to me today. Thanks Starbucks for making my day.
They are slow in managing line. Don't go during rush hour
there's like 40 ppl in line
The seasonal ginger bread latte is one of the bests
Nice space to do wotk, but beware they've covered the outlets....
Big a big smile you always have better service :D
Got to respect the ballsiness of this guy's choice of location.
I recommend the snacks, they're delectable.
C L O S E D .
Careful they were shutdown by the department of health and mental hygiene for reasons unknown. They reopened today October 15, 2010.
The best Chimis in New York!!!
The chimis are great. Finish it off with a morir soñando..or you can always tryvthe longaniza (Dominican sausage) with tostones (fried plantains) its so good!
Good good good food but the wait... Not for the one in rush...
If you don't want to spend your Friday night here, call it in. Get broiled- it's good.
the food's ok .. Taste of Seafood on 125th is better
Expect a long wait especially during dinner hours but its worth it
The shrimp and chips and the calamari is the best I had outside of city island. The half and half is a must have as well!!!
Damn good fish and chips.
Call and leave your order ahead of time. It'll cut down on the wait time, especially in heat of the summer.
Found Broiled Salmon with Rice & Broccoli as Yum. Try it and dish on it at http://dishonit.com
Its a wait... But you gotta be ahead of the game and call it in... Don't go on friday nights or on the first of the month....
The wait just isn't worth it. Too bad I don't wanna walk to 45th and get the better food. #fail
Get the salmon and scallops meal broiled.
Long wait...
Plan to wait. It good, but they take their time.
Try the Weekly Sushi Special!
stop by on the next NYC trip
freshest seafood anywhere, has been there almost 50 yrs according to the owner!
Try the baby filet mignon. Perfect with salad and a glass of Pinot Noir.
The owner is very nice.
spicy seafood pasta! ribs! arugula salad! hendricks cooler! malbec!
Killer delmonico with garlic mash!!!
I want my baby back baby back baby back JDDDDsss baby back ribs! Barbeque sauce!
Beautiful garden patio is open for the summer! And garlic mashed potatoes, yum.
Great pizza especially the hot peppers
Best Pizza :]
Excellent Pizza!
Get the veal shop parmigiana. To die for. Skip the appetizers. Tiramisu is decent.
Cash only.
Very good, authentic Italian food from Sicily. Lamb chops were amazing, pumpkin ravioli also great. Try the cannoli too! Cash only and no reservations but totally worth the wait.
Best grilled octopus ever!
Super pumped about another upper upper west side dining delight! Kale salad is amazing- not to be missed as is polenta and mushroom app.
Delicious polenta!
despite their fancy names, all of their food is from a Betty Crocker cook book.
suck my credit card mr. gennaro.
There is nothing bad on this menu - come back again and again for authentic home cooked italian
Regular bartender is Joe. Engage him in a conversation , and he'll remember you the next time.
Cash only really isn't a big deal. Good wine list and food. Great wait staff and service.
Great Italian food cash only! Try the kale salad is amazing.
Try deep fried squash blossom filled w/ ricotta
Get the big antipasto platter!
Start with the antipasto and move on to the solidly Italian inspired paste. The entrées are quite generous and offer enough to take home. - Inspector
The free fried olives at the bar are a nice, unexpected treat.
Thanks for adding the delicious Kale salad to the menu!!
An Upper West Sider's secret, Gennaro is no reservations, no cash and no frills. But its straightforward pastas and main proteins never disappoint at this off-the-cuff dining option. [Eater 38 Member]
Try the shared antipasta plate. Best specials. Staff is helpful and friendly, though it is cash only, if you are a regular they remem your name. THAT is why it is so beloved.
No credit cards. No bread plates. No understanding why this place is so beloved in the neighborhood. No coming back.
If venison is being offered as one of the specials for the night, order it rare without hesitation.
Cash only place
Loved the potato goat cheese appetizer. Highly reccomend.
always amazing, great rustic italian cooking
If you have a late night craving for thin crust pepperoni pizza or a nutella, banana and coconut crepe, then this is your place.
Crepes good, pizza not even close to what the reviews were saying... was I being PUNK'd? Got it all for $5 from Groupon and their LevelUp scanner wasn't working.
This has to be one of my favorite cheap pizza places in the city... Quality ingredients and I love the staff
What are you people talking about. The pizza is mediocre at best, it belongs somewhere in ohio. Not new york pizza, its good for the hood its in. More like a glorified dominos.
Pizza is SO good.
One of the two best pizza joints in all of NYC.French cats behind the magic. C'est magnifique!#must
Try the Sponge Cake (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp - Heart attack in a small package. (via @Foodspotting)
Good for a quick and dirty dim sum if you don't want to go into the city, tasty but surly customer service.
Fried shrimp is great
Slow service, dirty, and poor quality. Make the trip to Chinatown
Skip the dim sum here, better to go to Chinatown
Peking Porkchops!!
Definitely the best Dim Sum in Bergen County ^_^
The food is good and price is fair. Just need to clean their fish tank
Do yourself a favor and just drive across the river to Chinatown. Tried this place today after reading + reviews on Yelp & Chowhound and was very disappointed.
Best Dim Sum in all of NJ. Make sure to avoid the "Sharkfin Dumplings"
Best food u can have uptown in Washington Heights! I don't about other comments here but there is plenty of beautiful women here! Good vibe, great food, good drinks (fish bowls) thur afterwork!
Best Churrasco Steak uptown, real sushi and the most elegant outdoor Patio in the Heights. Btw, this is a Dominican Neighborhood, we dance a lot of MERENGUE, Bachata, Dembow...
Cool place strong drinks. Just not enough women or salsa music considering the neighborhood...maybe better Luck next time?
Used to be called Siggy's. Same owner. All they needed was working beer taps but instead they tried to become something they aren't and it just doesn't work.
Walking distance from the gwb. Friendly staff and great food that is reasonably priced.
Tasty buffalo chicken sliders and $3.50 for a pint of Yeungling!
Make sure you know people !! If not ur suspect and u might get ur meat lump'd !!!!
take not its a palace in east harlem!
enjoy the smell of bud and appreciate the company!
The bartender makes really strong drinks. Careful!
Pleasant Pastries is awesome!  Very friendly and great prices.
Good food..sangria was delicious..!!! Services horrible.
The sangria and margaritas were good, food was okay and service was awful
I paid for the gold margarita, and it tasted like salty Gatorade. No alcohol. Ruined my cinco de mayo.
Must try BBQ Mexican wings. You have no idea what your missing! Yum!
Formerly known as Ta Cocina. Decent food and service.
Love the nacho soup! Great drink specials, too!
Mariachi tonight for 3rd Anniversary.  Very nice!
Meh!...The chicken Quesadilla is subpar....super salty, not enough chicken.
Hi iam the owner of Tacocina Mexican Grill , and iam very glad to hear all this, i will be happier, if you could write all this reviews in YELP.  Thank you for your support.
Grrreat service, excelent food!.. The best in Washington Heights.. A plus!
Veggie fajita was pretty good.
Amazing sangria and almost everything we ate was excellent ! Highly recommended.
Michelada. 'nuf said.
The quesadillas are amazing! And the Margaritas are also GREAT!
Yummy fajitas and try the Mexican style chicken.
Don't go here. The food is awful.
Friday is defiantly margarita day
Just about the best it gets in the heights. Some of the best Mexican food I can ever remember having, waiter gave us a free round of tequila shots too!
The margaritas (on the rocks) are 3x as strong as your typical magaritas (e.g. Blockheads, Harry's).  Be careful.  And have fun.
The chicken in tequila sauce is excellent
Going out of business today. Too sad.
Ditto on that, Ahn is pretty cool.
Freshest fruit and vegetables the heights. And Ahn is one cool dude. Stop and see for yourself.
Game Day Giveaway; Enter to Win 5 Dozen Jerk Wings and 5 Dozen Cocktail Patties when you take a photo of your Golden Krust meal and Post it here. Check-in Now!
Don't go near lunch when its empty. Cause the worker is napping in the back
Don't waste your time. The security will try to throw you out or cheat charge you for anything, and the music and service is nothing special.
New Years Eve Uptown NYC at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Harlem – $21 unlimited bellinis or mimosas with brunch item
Servers need to work on their hospitality. Attitudes r not needed.
First I got patted down and violated at the door, paid cover before midnight, expensive drinks, and carded multiple times within my first ten mins at the door. Last time coming here.
Steak & Eggs for brunch is pretty good
Drinking the "Lost in Punt Cana Coconut Sangria" is like being in the tropics...
Food was good drinks were great might stick around a little longer...Valet definitely took care of me for a few extra $$$ of course
night club is  crazy  especially on saturdays
brunch is great! amazing sangrias, garlic fries and yucca fries, AND buffalo shrimp 
Parties on Fridays & Saturdays are great, with music, drinks & amazing ambiance... www.XplosionEnt.com
Have the coconut sangria - it's amazing. Sans all the fixins; shaved coconut, apple bits make it a lil too much.
You're at one of Harlem's most popular restaurants located near my office, Douglas Elliman, on the corner of FDB & W117 St. For Harlem's finest real estate visit www.elliman.com/brianphillips
How's it good
Sooooo, I love my Latins...but not the music all night!
love the Sunday brunch, jazz band
Ok I really don't Like cold French toast
Worst experience ever!
Pins Colada French toast was great. Too bad it doesn't come with any sides. However my side of Bacon sufficed.  The Punta Cana sangria was tasty and I'm not a sangria fan at all.
Saturday nights is a nice crowd - outdoor & indoor party w/ bottle specials & hookah.For party details & guestlist info visit http://www.msproductions.com/hudsonrivercafe.htm
Upon arriving hostess was  horrible. Then waited to be seating for an intimate evening of wine and dinner and there's  a baby stroller at the bar with a woman! I was in awwwww! Babies at the bar omg
Worst customer service in LIFE!!! Management included. 20% gratuity is auto added so they do whatever the fuk they please. Smh!!!
Great afterwork day spot during the summer.
It used to be amazing here. It was a hot spot and destination... MAX wake up...
Get the churrasco or hanger steak w shrimp!
I would agree - the food is mediocre. Best part was the fries. They do a great job with the refills during brunch.
Try the shrimp and grits!
This could be the best place and it once was. Now its down the tubes. What fools the owners are. Wake up Max
Originally this place started off as a class act. The best food and ambiance. Its sad it went down hill. It has a great location and it coukd be a hot destination.Wake up owners...
Great wknd brunch that comes w/unlimited daytime cocktails + a live jazz band. Perfect for those lazy Saturdays, when you live in the neighborhood and don't want to venture to the UWS for ambiance.
$1.08 more for a tuna salad sandwich than the Dunkin Donuts by the A, B, C, D trains - what a rip
Check ur order before u leave
if you order your beer in a bottle, make sure you take a look at the date. unfortunately this place tried to give me expired beer.
The first Korean fried-chicken specialist to land in New York still rocks, spicy or soy-garlic style.
Amazing wings, pot stickers, seasoned onion rings and the kimchee coleslaw is a must
Try the Korean Spicy Wings - Spicy, Crunchy, & Good! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Zucchini Fries - So good, tasty. (via @Foodspotting)
They don't accept the foursquare deal they claim it's only for the midtown location
They may take long but the soy garlic chicken is on point.
Their double fried wings are better than most barroom wings. Stay late on a Sunday and the waitress will comp some fruity cucumber/strawberry drink. They play the oddest compilation of music, though.
Waited over 30 minutes on my order. Their Soy & Garlic chicken was decent but definitely not worth the wait.
Dis chicken iz bonbangin yalllllll
Great happy hour specials but drinks are always cheap. Avoid the suits and come after when they head for the LIRR!
Go for the $3 Sapporo pints and the tacos with kimchi if you're in the neighborhood.
Happy Day.
Try the Spicy And Soy Garlic Korean Fried Chicken - So damn fried good! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Potstickers. Yum!
ridiculously cheap drinks & wings to die for (twice fried). after 5p this place is bumpin' - loud music & crowd, bouncer, and lots of drinks flowin. Korean tacos are super spicy & delish!
Made the Daily Meal's list of top 10 best buffalo wings in the U.S.!
$2 Coors Lights , seasoned fires with soy garlic chicken are great!! They need bigger television screens! - & the atmosphere does not compare to the 34st one ~
Best chicken wings, kimchi, and $3 hoegarden beers. Ever. Nom nom nom.
Get the $12 pitcher of blue moon. Its a no brainer
Waited 30 mins for my small takeout of 8 wings, ridiculously long and staff aren't too friendly. Also not a fan of the dark badly-lit interior. But the WINGS-SO DELICIOUS, lives up to the hype indeed!
Young rowdy crowd...
If you mention their Yelp review you get $2 Bud Light pints all day/night!
Pillay thinks the spicy chicken is too spicy... Nut said
The "hot" option on the chicken can be very hot. Even my spice-loving Korean girlfriend was taken aback. Make sure to pair the spicy chicken with some white rice.
Service here is very, very slow compared to the other bon chon in the city, especially if you do take out.
Grab a bottled or draft beer for only $3! Beer and chicken = heaven!
So loud at John Street location!!  Terrible acoustics -
Order extra fries, they are well seasoned.
Get the spicy chicken tacos with spicy mayo! yOm!
New chef! New fall menu! Two thumbs up!
The gnocchi is the best I have ever had!
great food great servfice. This one is a hidden treasure that rocks
amazing dessert selections. Try the hazelnut ice cream and waffles! To die for!
Bear market...Yum!
Beer and cheese fondue with tempura green beans rocks!!!
Everything I ate here was to die for and extremely addicting! Brunch was excellent and you can't go wrong with the unlimited cocktails for 2 hours!
Avoid the rum milk...
Try the Shirley Temple of Doom!!
Try the Heritage Smoked Ham & Cheddar Pressed Sandwich - Slightly smokey, slightly sweet, slightly salty. It all works.  (via @Foodspotting)
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
When did the sandwiches get so tiny??
fall seasonal whole roasted chicken sandwich is what's up
Attention BLT lovers: 'wichcraft's memorable seasonal BLT is still on offer. You could die happy after just one ;)
'wichcraft house blend from La Colombe is on tap — a spicy, winey, woody tasting brew. Dark roasting the LC Americas beans hasn't obliterated flavor. A late day coffee happy hour is on, 4 pm-6 pm.
They carry saratoga water!!!
Flash special brings a free Fizzy Lizzy or coffee with a sandwich. Try the refreshing grapefruit Fizzie Lizzy -- not too tart, and 62% juice.
Mint chocolate chip ice cream 'wiches are rockin' the house on 8th Street.
Great food. Be prepared to wait though.
Wow. Turkey. Say no more. Why have I been eating pizza across the street for years beats me.
Great lunch spot! The sandwiches are great and super healthy. Order anything with goat cheese!!
'wichcraft's 9th anniversary brings 1 of 4 classic sandwiches, creamwich & drink for $9, this week.
Roasted chicken with kale sandwich.
The watercress, potato, & bacon soup is one of the best ever at a cafe known for more than a few good ones. Try it!
The roast turkey sandwich is my favorite.
The excellent aged gruyere sandwich is back (2/23/12).
Can't mention Top Chef without Tom Colicchio! Grab a gourmet sandwich at his signature chain!
tom colicchio's evil plot to make me spend $10 on small albeit delicious sandwiches between classes
A solid roast pork sandwich and some tomato soup is a winter miracle
Good food awful service
This place gets a B from the health department and customer service department
3-6pm half off coffee and tea
half off coffee is the deal to go! :)
The plain salad is quite plain - a small pile of lettuce for $5. Bad deal and Not recommended.
Try the roasted red pepper, redskin potato and cheddar frittata on ciabatta. It's fluffy and flavorful.
heritage smoked ham & cheddar with date-almond chutney & mustard! if you feel like savory with a sweet chutney :]
Ham&cheese grit is so good...sprinkle with lil salt , pepper and it's good to go.
The zucchini panini is tasty. The passion fruit iced tea is good and quite refreshing!
Gruyere + Tomato Soup = perfect rainy day meal!
Good hot lunch and comfy tables
Love their Soho panini. Lots of hearty, filling sandwiches.
Awesome food! Very fresh! You get a cup of soup with your sandwiches ;-)
Santa Fe quesadilla is bangin! All meals come with free soup + garlic knots!!
I had the mochachino and it was good. A little too sweet, but still good.
this place does not exist!!!! i think it went out of business.  no bravo badge for me :(
$1 iced coffee!
Don't even try the coffee. It is really bad
Food and staff are great.
The best tostones in town.  I still like their food and especially their Sangria!
Love this place! Wonderful food & service.
the Manager, Michael, was a prick. He charged me for bringing my own cake & for what is a complimentary scoop of ice cream AFTER I had the check on my sisters Birthday (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Cadillac Margarita!
Not the greatest food, but a good diverse range. sometimes the help is slow, but the view is the best. Good place for an after-work date. I love the "Playa" salad.
Loud Music. Good food.  Cool crowd, even on a Thursday night.  About $30-50 a head before drinks.
The shrimp empanadas were the shizzznittt...as well as the sangria!
Horrible hostesses!!
Have an ICE Cold Presidente Beer and register to win an ALL expenses paid 4-day Caribbean Experience for you and a guest to Hard Rock Punta Cana. Must be 21+
7 up does not belong in a coconut mojito!
Make sure to sit out on the deck during a nice summer day. Perfect views, perfect scene. Awesome date spot. Walk down the pier afterwards.
Coco mojitos are good
Sit outside on a sunny day.  While it may be a bit breezy, it's a refreshing change from inside. Arroz con Pollo esta muy bueno
Omg, paelle = so salty! If you're into that kinda thing, I guess you could still get it.
Place is packed and as amazingly fast as the busboys and waiters are service is very slow. Shame.
Love the view and music
The new white sangria with added champagne is amazing!!!
Vibrant, colorful setting for spicy, moderately priced food spanning the tropics from Cuba to Aruba. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
This is a great spot for Cuban cuisine!!! Try the plantain chips with garlic mojo.
Coco Cabanan Pollo is excellent. It's like a light coconut curry with orange rice and vegetables cooked to deliciousness. The fried plantains are good too, but nothing super special.
Best blt ever
Mexican omelette on whole wheat wrap is the best. Good iced vanilla latte to cool down too
free bottle of water with salad!  also good inexpensive iced coffee.
Salads are awesome, although they don't chop them... : /
Unbelievable beer and bread porridge with caramel ice cream. Make sure you save space for that!
Cool atmosphere but food is pretty average to be honest
the drinks are surprisingly bad. pass
Tiny portions. Be warned
Transcendental salt-baked carrots.
The chicken & egg dish as well as the fried green tomato special were excellent.  Definitely try to make a reservation as this place became a scene by 8 pm on a Wed night.
Critics' Pick winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Salted Caramel Use!
disappointed by brunch. the danish doughnuts were underfried balls of tasteless dough. the bread pudding griddle cake was crispy and had some flavor, but nothing extraordinary. probably wont be back.
The chicken and eggs is phenomenal!
Eat the Truffle Parfait for dessert-even if you think it sounds weird. It is so worth it! I've never tasted anything like it.
The roasted sea bass and the watermelon tomatoes are amazing. So fresh and sweet.
The menu provided by foursquare has nothing to do with this restaurant.
Get the chicken and eggs.  You will not be disappointed.
Everything we ordered at brunch was crave-worthy. Bendict w/ house cured salmon, pork sandwich, smashed potatoes- yum. Indulge with the Danish "doughnuts" well worth it.
The truffle oil parfait tastes like frozen salad. #notgood.
Skip the terrible food...and go only for the drinks
Daniel the doorman just started crying because he felt small and didn't know how to be polite
Doorman Daniel is rude, and aggressive. Total dick
Worst salad in the world! Don't order it
the lounge downstairs is one of my favorite places to get drinks. The mixologists here are amazing and they have a great live jazz band that plays until 12. The sour no. 9 is my favorite
the menu is delightful and playful yet very sophisticated.. come with an open mind and empty stomach. definitely sample the apps.. each so different and so good. my favorite was the Farmer's Eggs.
Duck in the jar is basically pickled carrots and cauliflower served on top of duck confit. Very sour and not balanced. Other dishes were acceptable though. I wouldn't go back (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Very unique Scandinavian dishes. Raw section: try the foie gras/lobster combo. Steak and side of creamy mashed potatoes. Egg dish. Cool, laid back room with lots of spots to eat at the bar.
Get the cabbage - amazing. The rib eye was great, too.
clam and barley, country toast, chicken and egg, beer and bread porridge, fresh strawberries, all to die for
Chicken and eggs! And must drink upstate affair
All the apps, all the time. Give the barley with clams a try and let your 99 problems melt away.
This place was once a NoHo gem. Now it's a coke heads paradise.
Porridge? Eggs? I don't know -- just eat what they bring you.
beer-and-bread porridge
Good sushi!
This place sucks!
Have the espresso! It's heavily subsidized!
Here's a mobile web site with recipe ideas you can view while here! http://ns2go.mobi/mr
New York state is loosing farm land every year at an alarming pace. No farms=no food. Support your local farmer's market today!
Regular Lykke Li on their playlist makes this place +1 awesome.
Hooray for intelligentsia coffee in fidi!
A much-needed Third Wave coffee shop in Lower Manhattan, this Fulton St shop offers workspace, Intelligentsia coffee and pastries from Ceci-Cela.
They have great cappuccinos - take the time to sit down and enjoy the foam art
Treat the Staff Nice! They'really always polite and always smile. :)
Amazing Intelligentsia coffee and all their pastries are brought in from Ceci-Cela. Welcome addition to the 'hood!
Super high-quality Intelligentsia iced coffee. Brightens up Fulton St.
crab wontons. ah maz ing
Just OK. Be careful: They charge $ for the tea. But won't mention that when they offer "tea or water"
Very well priced and great lunch specials
Very reasonably priced sushi with brown rice options.
Really decent fish at good prices.
Get the rock 'n roll and a miso soup!
Come here for the noodle soup. Soba or udon for under $8.
Spicy salmon w/ crunch !
The sashimi / sushi combo for lunch is great value for money. And they serve big glasses of plum wine.
Loved the mt Fuji roll. Miso soup kinda stunk
Their salmon rolls taste like cheap smoked lox.  The other rolls tuna, yellowtail etc.  taste way better.
fried shumai!
Lunch plate and lunch box specials are cheap and filing! Go for the chicken katsu
Order the lunch plate. $6.75 and you get an entree (chicken katsu is yummy), rice, salad, and 2 gyoza.
Food was mediocre and I am a purist: Not Japanese owned.
Sashimi lunch special!
The egg and cheese with salt pepper ketchup is real good here. Best breakfast around.
Create your own sandwich: BLT with avocado, turkey, pepper jack cheese and mustard on 7 grain bread!
They sell matzoh brie for Passover!
Any sandwich with arugula is a winner.
Bad BLT! Don't do it.
Best breakfast sandwiches and excellent service.
Overpriced yogurt that's been marked up 300% from the supermarket, but great egg sandwiches
Cheapest quality food in walking distance
They do not serve cabbage anymore 
Yummy cheap food & great service!
Unholy whore in a heavenly hole, this place is SPICY. Better ask for it mild if you're averse to spicy. I'm not and my nose is dipping.
Not bad food. Ask for spicy if you like it hot, off the menu it's very mild. do not come here if you enjoy friendly staff.
Brilliant service. Accommodated allergy which doesn't always happen in Indian spots. Cant go wrong w/ Chicken tikka masala. Careful when ordering vindaloo- we ordered everything medium; got spicy.
The dinner special is just perfect! go for the chicken tikka masala and a meat samosa. Absolutely delicious and affordable!! Plus the sitar player is just awesome.
Mango lasso drink is yummy and non alcoholic. Cheese poori and garlic naan are good to share. I like the chicken sag for my entree. Not too spicy yet flavorful. Not beautified but inexpensive.
Try the chicken or lamb sag, if you like dishes made with spinach.  Yummy :-)
there is Carlo Rossi on the menu. Raj Mahal rules
never fail with the chicken tiki masala
Chicken Vindaloo & Poori bread is all I get.. And it's GREAT!!!!
Definitely tell them it is SOMEONE'S birthday.
SIREN FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY!
Chicken vindaloo is all I get. Classic Indian cuisine
Not the best, but not the worst. I don't think I would go back.
The food was good......yummy potato bread... chicken and lamb n amazing indian beer........small place n cozy!
They have a sitar player! (And good, inexpensive food.)
great brunch specials for $5.99!
Lunch Special!
Delicious alor palak plus free wine
Always remember to ask for the special menu! But don't let them pour the beer. Sometimes slow service/rowdy crowd.
Best place to go for lunches during the week- for about 6 bucks you get a three/four course meal complete with mango pudding for desert. As a bonus, add a large beer for only 5 bucks= stellar & cheap.
I could eat only their coconut poori for the rest of my life.  Don't go to the other Indian places on the block, RAJ MAHAL 4 LIFE!
Order the "Raj Special" -- so much food for a great price. Service is amazing... and BYOB! (no cork fee either)
Dave says, "it has never repulsed me."
my Local Go-To for Indian
$5.95 lunch special from noon to 5. Amazing.
byob! who knew?
Try the Zoner Shake with Ginger.
Get the Lamb Gyro pita! Moist, flavorful meat cut right of the spit. Browned on one side and generously stuffed in a pita with the usuals.
Awesome turkish live music. Every friday and saturday night..
The chicken gyro is awesome!
Good kebab sandwich or wrap for $6.
Great food! But AMEX only.
Absolutely adored the duck confit...splendid!
Amazing crab cakes.
Lobster and shrimp risotto ftw!!
Creme brûlée!
Get the crabcake
Crab cake amazing.  Did I say amazing?? Try it.
Heirloom tomato salad is amazing, as is anything with crab. Ice cream with their warm chocolate sauce is a must.
The duck confit is to die for.
Sea bass was delish-basil pesto was the key with a generous juicing of the lemon wedge. Perfect warm spot on a wintry eve. The bench seats in the back are right above the heating unit!
Say YES to the bread!
You can't miss with the cassoulet on a cold winter day.
Skip the chocolate cake with chocolate sauce. Not as good as it looks/sounds. Brioche pudding is good.
Check your food before you leave.  They make mistakes sometimes and it's really annoying having to come back and forth between the office and Deb's.
Good breakfast items:  eggs-- hard boiled, scrambled, omelets, sandwiches, hot cereals with topping options, home fries, bagels, etc.
So healthy! Kale and quinoa and beans, oh my.
Don't miss Taco Tuesday!
Nice spot for some quick eggs or an omelette.
Great daily specials. The soups are the best around.
great salad bar
Waldorf Chicken salad does not disappoint.
All their soups are great just got Italian wedding
Ask for the sweet enchilada.
Small but super tasty salad bar. Also, hot food options. Go by 1:30 or so to get the best sandwiches. (I like the pecan-encrusted chicken.)
There are five burger joints within two blocks.  Pop's wins by serving the biggest and tastiest burger of the lot.
The buffalo chicken sandwich is excellent. If you're looking for a burger alternative, recommended.
They are always bump'in good ol' school rap!
"Service" is a joke. Don't spend your hard earned money here.
Veggie burger is the bomb
Nothing says "no free refills" like getting the can of soda.
Time Out NY says to get the Juicy Louie
Pops burger was good. I thought it would come with fries but you have to buy them separately.
Sit at the bar and you can have a Jr. Pop's burger with fries and a draft beer for only $10!
Be careful when ordering certain burgers. A few burgers indicate the you have a choice of cheese included in the burger, however, they will CHARGE you for the cheese. Wtf?!?!
Vanilla/Chocolate peanut butter shake is glorious
Just 2 weeks ago, Pops of Brooklyn, Greenwich Village branch, added @oslocoffee. A 10 oz. mug is $2. One size fits all.
Try the BLT -- a HQ (high quality) experience. Ask for chipotle mayo on the side, unless you like lots.
Great Burgers! Definitely check them out! Great beers too!
The best BLTs this side of the East River! AMAZING!!! chipotle mayo, yum
Chili-cheese fries are good despite how mediocre they look upon first glance.
Yum yum Jr burger. Fries are nothing special
yummy wings!
Philly Cheesesteak and Chili Cheese Fries. The bomb.
Burgers are killer. Try the pico de gallo salsa & chips... A tiny bit spicy but totally worth it.
Wasn't impressed by the food... or the selection.  The milk shake was lumpy and not very flavorful.  Unlikely I will be back here.
Chili Cheese Fries. They also have a great milkshake (black and white was good).
Whatever's in the special sauce is worth coming back for!
The Cheesesteak is divine, so are the points you'll earn when you join their loyalty program, LocalBonus. Earn points towards a burger meal, dinner for 2 or even another cheesesteak!
What kind of burger joint doesn't give fries with a meal as a combo? Fail!
Come see my favorite Bartender Erin! She's the pretty girl with the killer tattoos.
Fries are pretty marginal, taste like McDonalds. Skin-on cut fries would suit their style better. Burger was good until I found a bone piece in it.
Happy halloween bitches!! Pow!
Worst service ever in 5yrs living in NY. Mediocre food so not even worth it. Ugh.
Make sure to have a pops burger. And then enjoy the nap that will inevitably follow such a feast.
The camomile citrus tea is very good. Since hurricane sandy the place has been cash only.
The best chai latte in FiDi - try the honey latte too. WiFi constantly craps out but the armchairs are super comfy.
It looks exactly like a Starbucks, but its oh so much better than that.
Organic coffee is strong! Service is very quick, great oatmeal (cold), no microwave for cookies.
Significantly better than other FiDi options -- worth the price premium. Also, the oatmeal is amazing.
They make a fantastic chai latte!
Mmm frappes are different and tastier than Starbucks
The dudes who work here are seriously nice! Great customer service!
As of 6/2/12 the password is bean5555
Good music, good ambience, good coffee but intermittent wifi signal.
Have the best brownies
The only place in FiDi with comfy chairs to chill in
Try their honey latte (if you like honey).
Their Internet really sucks. It's free but goes out all the time. Not good for an extended work session.
OWS protesters: come here and not the Starbucks!
Organic coffee! Plus, the people are nice!
Wifi password as of 10/9/11 is: bean7171
Great organic coffee. Wifi password is bean1111 as of sept 10th. Closes early on weekends (530pm).
House coffee blend is mexico, peru, and honduras. Enjoy!
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM
A scene from the movie The Paper was filmed here, watch it now!
Want to get rid of holiday trees and e-waste? Drop by Bowling Green on Sat., January 8, 2011,10 AM-4PM. U could also win a MacBook Air! Details @ http://www.downtownny.com/discover/MulchFest%202010/
Try the honey latte. Amazing
There's no key for the bathroom!If it's locked it occupied!This is not a Starbucks! The password for tge network bean&bean is 0123456789.and put your own milk and sugar in your regular and ice coffee.
You can get a free geranium at Bowling Green Park on Weds., Oct. 13, 2010 from 10 AM to Noon. Just drop by for a free one courtesy of the Downtown Alliance.
Is it me, or is this a starbucks knock off with slightly better coffee?
Wifi pw: 0123456789
This place resembles a homogenized corporate chain so much that I'm fairly certain they just bought an old starbucks and changed the sign. The coffee and food is marginally better... marginally.
They make a decent pain au chocolate
This is not starbucks save the cookies and food for starbucks and just order your coffee. Most everything there is organic and semi-healthy.
Don't forget your reward card!! Only a dollar and saves you money if you go a  ton!
Kale, good tofu, lowfat horseradish chive dressing
Ordered a salad with tofu. They gave me about 4 pieces and took two hours to deliver it. Not cool.
The new Acapulco Salad is bangin!
This salad sucks... Should have waited until I hot home and went to Island Salad in Harlem.
Reasons why Just Salad is better than Chop't: 1) It's cheaper, 2) The bread, 3) Buffalo chicken, 4) Reusable bowl.
Buy the reusable bowl and try one of the seasonal salads.  If you can, skip the FiDi lunch madness and come after 1:30.  Way better experience
The chicken noodle soup is so good!
This is one of the best salad places I've ever been...awesome selection of food and dressing!  Tasty and healthy wraps, salads and smoothies!
Salad on the go! Order now: http://www.seamless.com/food-delivery/Just-Salad-Maiden-Lane-New-York-City.4130.r
Caesar salad is awesome.
I know this is a salad place, but try the yogurt! Dam good! I need to franchise one of these, its a great concept (just salad)
Buffalo chicken salad is the best
The online ordering off their website is excellent if you dont have time to go pick up. You can build custom salads and it remembers all your previous purchases for easy re-ordering. www.justsalad.com
Chicken Caesar is really very good.
Thai chicken wrap is really good.
Steal @bpapa's milk money!
you can phone in your order and pick it up 212-244-1111
Buy a reusable bowl and a discount card for a dollar. Every time you reuse your bowl, you get two free toppings.
Soon du bu and kimchee stew kinda watery :/
Get the bulgogi bibimbap hot pot
Great lunch specials!
Terrible service and the food is very average.
Excellent sake bombs
I'm usually not a fan of dduk gook but it is really good here
Hae mul pajun to start hen bulgogi bento polish it off with a raspberry soju!!!! '3'
Only Korean food in the area, kinda pricey. Everything is decent. Take-out/delivery is recommended. I like the lunch boxes, stews, and the rice cake soup.
Drink Makguli... Korean sake made of rice.
Avocado salad!
do not be fooled from the outside! The restaurant inside is very nice, the staff is friendly and helpful and the food is really good ... Try the Nuba Noodles!
grilled mackarel!!bulgogi and kalbi bento lunches
The mac-n-cheese flavor "soup" is surprisingly delicious if you're in the mood to give it up with a low-nutrition lunch treat.
Nice to miss post getting off work crowd
Free wifi!!! Nice salads
Eh, this place is okay. Standard Au Bon Pain fare. Prob marginally better to go for Devon & Blakely which is right across from ABP.
The new black bean burger sandwich is really good. Nice to have another meatless option on the sandwich menu!
This is a nice place 2 go 2 and get some lunch 2go.
Slow and rude employees, every time!
Palmiers,  Crossaints, and Cocolate Chips... PURE BLISSFUL GLEE AND JOY!!!
Turkey apple brie salad... pretty tasty.
The low fat blueberry muffin is horrible!!
Their clam chowder is so good
Sesame seed bagel toasted with their honey nut cream cheese!
Turkey club! I wouldn't steer you wrong.
Turkey club is heaven.
Do I want a bitchy attitude with my egg, cheese, bacon bagel sandwich? Sure!!...customer service fail here ppl! But then again, it's NYC so u can't expect much.
Bfast sandwiches suck, this place is useless unless your getting the mac n cheese
Usually stuffy at the main entrance. You can find some relief towards the back of the store.
Usually stuffy at the main entrance. You can find some relief towards the back of the store.
Try the sweet cheese croissants... pure bliss.
The large is now 32oz!
Great signature sandwiches. Chicken pesto and Arizona chicken sandwich are  my favorite
Overpriced
The food is surprisingly good and the prices are on point
Great breakfast sandwiches at an awesome price!!
The font used in their logo is hilarious! Check it out!!
Check out lady has a lightning quick ability to snatch money out of your hand faster than you can get it out of your wallet.
They have Mexican coke here.
Hot Chocolate from the machine is the best for cold days.
Be prepared to wait 10-15 minutes for breakfast around 9 am.
They serve a random brand of coffee, Mayflower, that is delicious.
These guys are open early on Saturday! (like 10)
Ask for Andrew
Lemon chicken is good.. A bit oily though but good.
East Village –   2 brunch cocktails included with your Mediterranean brunc
Eggs benedict for brunch are a must-eat !
The strawberry mimosa is to die for! Free with brunch. Fresh strawberries!
The steak salad was delicious. Nice, fatty meat
Beware the scalding-hot water in the bathroom.
Side of hummus w/ pita & falfel is amazing
Hummus with fresh made falafels was amazing as were the pastas.Flavourful is the one word that best describes the food. Service (especially the guy seating us) wasn't quite the highlight.
Get the steak and eggs, but it's really all about the bottomless bread and muffin baskets
Truffle shrimp is devine. Yummm
The food is amazing!  The service is ok but everyone is friendly!
whatever you order tastes very original, nice brunch options, priced reasonably, highly recommend it!
Chorizo and eggs is super yummy!
Try the morroccan breakfast at brunch. Divine!
EGGS & CHORIZO!!!!!
Grilled tuna sandwich is out of this world :)! My boyfriend swear by the penne a la vodka too!
Mushroom ravioli was a little too dry. Food was okay overall, but service was terrible.
Caipirinhas served here!
Pitchers of sangria are a must here.
Happy Hour from Noon-730! 5 dollar booze.
I sometimes wake up at 2am and crave the Buckwheat Crepes with eggs. Try it at brunch.
The Gnocchi is the best I've ever tasted, and I've been to Italy.
Pretty great brunch and really nice atmosphere.
Not the greatest steak, nor sea bass, the wine is too pricy. This remains a wonderful brunch place though.
Try the prix fixe brunch. 14.95 for bread, drinks, and a meal. I recommend the Eggs Benedict!
Had the spicy skirt steak and it was magnificent!
great pan roasted cod!
Open 24 hours. Outdoor seating when it is warm.
Open 24 hours!
Get yourself a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel, and wasabi cream cheese - it'll wake you up!
Never get the bagels toasted. They're always fresh and hot off the belt. Bacon, egg and cheese on a whole wheat everything wins. Every. Single. Time.
liquiteria pressed juice has arrived
Double dare you to add some ham and avocado to your bagel order.
Almost daily breakfast during the time in NYC. Not just the bagels are great, also the coffee is nice! Miss it!
Pick up a Lenka bar while you're here
they need to learn how to put spreads on sandwiches. and lose the attitude
Bacon herb cream cheese! Don't forget it's cash only
Get the pumpkin bagel or pumpkin cream cheese while you still can
Get here before 11 or the line is absurd
So fresh, so delicious. You can watch them prep and bake the bagels.
The only thing you need to know: the apple cinnamon cream cheeses is amazing.
This place truly has the best bagels and quite the assortment of spreads!
Bagels are usually warm and yummy. No need for toasting.
Get a fresh French Toast bagel w/cc- you won't regret it
This place is cash only but hot dang!!  No more trekking past 14th street for a legit bagel. Get the everything bagel, toasted with lox spread. You're welcome.
The everything bagels have everything...on both sides! Cheddar jalepeno?! Yes please. Who has to thumbs and is coming back tomorrow to try to wasabi or cookie dough cc? Ya, you know.
I have to say Ess a Bagel 10 minutes away is so much better no doubt!
Liars. All the bagels are circular !
Don't try getting delivery or pick up, they always mess up the order... But foods great
Get the lox with wasabi cream cheese on a bagel of your choice for a nice change of pace.
The beautiful outdoor seating area. Just remember to close the door behind you!
The chocolate chip cookie dough cream cheese is a must-try.
Best bagels in the ev for sure!
Wow! Pistachio Muffin!
nicest people ever work here
The walnut raisin tofu cream cheese is crazyyyyy good.
Everything bagel w/ jalapeno/cheddar cream cheese. Thank me lata.
good iced cawfee. sammys are kinda pricey but fresh none the less.
ask them to go easy on the cc... unless you like it all over your face. cash only.
Try the Shio Ramen - Love the clear broth clean taste. One of my Setagaya faves. (via @Foodspotting)
So gooooooddddd
The cleanest restaurant in New York. The food is super yummy and super healthy.
I love this place
ask for chicken, if pork ain't your thing.
Love this place, the staff are super friendly and the ramen is great. Also crucially there isn't usually a wait as at momofoku. Try the gyoza!
Try the Sho-yu Ramen and spot it on Foodspotting!
Try the Black Sesame Ramen and spot it on Foodspotting!
It was so much better when its setagaya! The shio ramen is bland-but the gyoza still superb
It was so much better when it was setagaya. :(
Used to Ramen Setagaya.  They are in between Rai Rai Ken (cheaper but better IMO) and Ippudo (the best! but look forward to 45 min wait).  Stuck in the middle, guess that's why the orig owners sold.
Shio ramen is superb!!
It's one of my favorite ramen places in the city.
I guess I didn't get a good bowl. Over-rated I say. Would rather pay more for Ipudo.. .
the tsukemen here is amazing
Go on a crazy ramen binge and try Setagaya and Momofuku on the same weekend (or even night!) They are practically neighbors! Contrast the ambience, noodles, etc - both places are special...
eat the Shio Chasyumen Ramen at Ramen Setagaya....addictive!
for half the price and half the distance as ippudo, i give it 2 thumbs up. yay ramen!
Greatest frozen yogurt in NYC!
The yogurt is great but i personally prefer red mango!
They don't take American Express... no AmEx in wall st. area? Really?  No wonder there is never a line.
Best frozen yogurt and freshest toppings anywhere!
The workers there were so nice! i tried the red velvet flavor because they were handing out free samples and i was hooked. Get it if you can! I'm coming here at least once a week!
Cake batter and dulce de leche tastes great!
cake batter frozen yogurt!!!
Carmel yogurt, rainbow sprinkles, fresh strawberries, fresh kiwi and shredded coconut!!
Mixed the red velvet cake with cake batter. Amazing!!
Also - smallest cup size is 12oz but you can fill it with as little or as much as you'd like since they charge by weight, so don't be intimidated by the size.
$0.49 per ounce, self-serve, toppings included in weight (as opposed to being charged extra). Definitely a new fidi fave!
Strawberry Fields ditches processed and frozen toppings in favor of freshly sliced, 100 percent kosher ingredients.
So much better than Red Mango & not another chain. My personal fav concoction: chocolate + cake batter + cookies & cream w/oreos and m&ms for toppings
This is WAY better than Red Mango. Cake batter, red velvet and the blueberry acai are awesome!
Have the red velvet...
This place is fabulous. I love how you get to make it yourself to ensure your sundae is perfect. This is one of the few places in the world that does not require lemon to make it better.
Love this place the flavors change daily and I'm a big fan of the self serve cus I'd rather pull my own yogurt then have bitter clerk do it
49 cents an ounce! I tried the red velvet cake flavor and it was pretty good! :)
Try the Red Velvet Cake flavor. Our Editor-in-Chief Andrea loves it!
Cookies & cream is awesome
Grab a cup of ice from the freezer and ask for iced coffee at the counter - decent coffee for $1.50
Good inexpensive tea & coffee
If these guys didn't work their asses off there'd be a line around the block every morning. They're a great team and anyone who says otherwise hasn't worked in the food service industry.
Yeah, these people are idiots.
Ask them to lightly toast your bagle if you plan to enjoy it. mine was so hard I couldn't eat it all.
They know me here. Always know what I want before I say it.
hmmmmmmmmnnnn
Probably the slowest DD ever. Go to the one on Hudson St a few blocks north.
enjoying new sweet
Never open on time. 6am on the hours but usually not ready until 630am. Even making manager aware didn't help.
Walked in at 9:15 am and didn't leave with my one coffee until 9:35 pm. Slowest service in the world with mentally slow servers.
Horrible service.  Slow service.
The level of idiocy & inefficiency here cannot be overstated.
give yourself an additional 20 min to get in and out of this place.  35 if you order more than coffee
I don't think the employees here know what they're doing.
Smrity is really friendly!
Good place to kill time if you are stuck waiting on your passport at the agency down the street
Super slow service. I'm taking my mayorship elsewhere.
VERY slow service. Compared to the Starbucks down the street its torture. Blah.
The staff is slow and uncaring
Unlike Kenyatta's tip, the staff doesn't recognize me even after being here a bajillion times. Smiling is always good though.
Smile. The friendly staff will recognize you on your third visit, thus making you a 'regular.'
Old school Italian spot. I went with the veal meatballs, Chicken Parm over Spaghetti, Tiramisu. Everything was good. A little congested but a nice place if your in the area.
As mentioned. Cash only but ATM inside. Also, sauces are a bit sweet to my taste. Add salt.
Shrimp and calamari over linguine, awesome!!! Best Italian restaurant I've been to yet.
Cash only - no credit cards.  Great old fashioned Italian.
They don't take credit and their ATM conveniently will only dispense $40 per transaction/fee. ATM is also frequently out of service. Walking to bank to get cash for takeout means your food gets cold.
the tuscan ragu with homemade pappardelle is definitely what you should be getting.
Bruschetta and avocado! NooOoommmn!!! Order it!
this 'candle' was started to celebrate the end of prohibition!
Try the coconut sorbet!!!!
Established 1908, continuously operated. Well-worn original tile floors, red leather banquettes and a candle that has been burning since 1937. Heavy Italian food, both northern and southern.
I feel that no matter how good the food and service is somewhere, it's unforgivable and tasteless to be cash only and put an ATM in your restaurant.
The Veal Meatballs are a great starter dish followed by the Chicken Parm w/ Spaghetti for your entree.
Leaving a second tip on this. If you like olive garden you will be impressed.
Wow. I think overrated is an understatement. Garlic bread was something my baby cousin could make. Service sucked. PASS
The sort of shithouse Italian people who don't know better think is authentic and good. It is far from it. the veal was lukewarm and swimming in lemon butter sauce. Rubbish
Don't know what others were smoking when they wrote tips but this place is NOT good. Cosy atmosphere but food is totally average. Saltimbocca was bland, service scattered. Feels like a tourist trap.
Beware it's a cash only establishment but they do have a ATM available.
Get the baked clams! Chicken  parm veal parm and lemon chicken are great!
Really digging the #vegan menu. The eggplant parm is awesome and made with daiya cheese!  And don't forget to get the cannoli!
They have a second, vegan menu!
Check out the ever-growing mountain of wax in the back as you enjoy a good italian meal that has kept New Yorkers coming back for over a century.
The vegan menu is amazing. The Seitan Alla Rosa is a must-eat. And finish off with a vegan canoli. One of the best restaurants in NYC.
Great vegan menu!!!
The gigantic candle was started
Their seitan is some of the best in the city.  The seitan alla rosa is particularly superb. This is actually one of the best restaurants in the city for vegans. Save room for the cannoli.
The avocado tomato bruschetta special is astounding. When it's not a special they hide it on the separate vegan menu. Order it, you won't be sorry!
Make sure to try the avocado bruschetta
Their eggplant rollatini is one of the greatest: eggplant fried either with crumbs or without, rolled around snow-white ricotta cheese, smothered in tomato sauce, then mantled in mozzarella.
favorite italian place in the city. don't waste your time in little italy. also a favorite place of john lennon and peter boyle...
The best waitstaff in the East Village.
Watts up with da rude old guy?
Aroma Espresso Bar only uses Joe's Dairy's Mozzarella. It's hands down the best in town!
Best Mozzarella in Town.
Best Mozzarella in the City, Bar None! "Forget Eataly" !!!!
Apricot Fuckin Stilton
Soma Bibimbap is the best deal at $8 with fried egg and abundant veggies. They give out less hot sauce than they used to, though.
Try the Spicy Chicken Bibimbap - It was very yummy. 10 veggies and chicken wasn't spicy but with a great flavor. They gave a lot of food :) I was very happy! (via @Foodspotting)
Who puts avocado in Galbi bibimbap? #fail
Surprisingly good jjam-ppong.
Do not, under any circumstances, get the jjajangmyun. It is terrible.
Believe it or not: cheap tasty coffee from very clean machines, before 3 pm.
The grilled chicken bibimbop with brown rice is healthy!
Usually pretty easy to find a seat, even during the lunch rush.
The Jja Jang Men is decent but nothing special
Solid Chicken Teriyaki. Get the Soma Bowl.
The ramen is pretty damn good and probably the best in FiDi. Try with bulgogi.
The lunch line look intimidating but it goes quick & the food is top of the line
Try the Bibimbap!! It is always good! Only .50 extra with brown rice! Add tofu japchae grilled chicken. Its all good!!
Spicy Udon Noodle Soup !
Try the Ramen and spot it on Foodspotting!
The sundubu is comfort food on a cold NY day
Can't go wrong with the kimchee jjigae w/ pork.
If you come after 2pm the staff will really treat you well sinc there is no rush and will walk around offering samples and other Korean treats free of charge. Management is EXCELLENT here.
The spicy chicken is delicious and so is the Soma bimbimbap. Avoid lunchtime b/w 12-1:30pm and you'll be in and out in no time!
Probably the best street lamb in NYC but only when prepared by "our guy."
as of mid-Jan 2011 he's closing up shop until March '11. :(
Try the lamb over salad. Or anything else on the menu
Worst RSVP system ever! Don't bother
Rock shrimp was to die for! Must try!
Get the tasting menu!
Specializing in small-plate seafood offerings, community contributor James Traub says Jack's has "the most refined cuisine in the East Village." Try the roasted oysters with chorizo.
$55 tasting menu, do it
Get the tasting menu & sit at the bar, if they have the waygu its amazeballs
sit back, relax and trust the chef.
The homemade cocktail sauce is DELISH!
The food looks great but never got to tastes it. Waited 40 minutes ordering and still had to get drinks. Walked out...
Quite simply the best duck liver pate I've ever had.  Lobster pot pie is great as are baked oysters.
Let the chef do it!  Let him handle it all.
The Barron Point oysters are ethereal. The char is insanely good. The tasting course and wait staff is balletic. We're approaching Thomas Keller territory here.
The cartel says "sit at the bar and enjoy the amazing tasting menu... You will not go unsatisfied"
Sit at the 'short end' of the bar where you'll be able to watch preparation / presentation and get to know the Chef while enjoying the Tasting Menu.
Eat here. Fantastic oysters, nice atmosphere.
It's not on the menu, but ask for the bacon ice cream!
Sit at the counter. That way, you get to watch Chef Brendan McHale & Co. work their culinary magic.
tasting menu
They serve liquor here if you ask.
Add ticker-screens to this next-to-Wall Steet Starbucks...
Say thank you & vote for "My Starbucks Idea": Integrate social thanking into the current Starbucks iPhone app. Click on the link to read more & vote!
Giant serving of udon packed with everything for around seven bucks? Yes please.
Drop by Wall Street Park on Saturday, May 12th from 10am-Noon for Spring Community Day. Bring the family to help volunteer to keep the community clean while enjoying free refreshments.(Downtownny.com)
Caught them charging different prices to different customers. Not cool
Cheap, delicious and quick udon/ramen noodles just across the street. Also has a decent hot bar and sushi. Beware, line is crazy long between 12-1PM for ramen!
Udon is amazing, fresh (they make it in front of your face) and fast. Wish it was a little cheaper but tasty indulgence... Three times a week!
FDR panini. Do it.
Some of the hot dishes have additional sauce on side. It's great so you can tailor it to your raste
They have self serve ice coffee late, until close.
They have self serve ice coffee late, until close.
Healthy buffet food at a low price. Top noch!
The udon bowl comes jam-packed with noodles, veggies, seaweed, spices, and meat (if you order it - I usually get mine plain ["miso"]), and it's one of the cheapest eats in the Wall St. area.
Great price for sandwiches - comes with chips and pickle. Recommended for lunch on Wall Street!
Intimate atmosphere and delicious, unique food. Get the eggplant tiramisu with rosemary cotton candy for dessert, you won't regret it.
Fennel soup was quite good. Beans wasn't bad tho the tofu was bland.
Super cramped, loud, mediocre food that was served warm (ie not hot). Doesn't remotely live up to the hype.
The food was great. Jalapeno Hush puppies, the yellow pepper soup, waffles and cauliflower, the beans, and the chocolate beet cake. The chocolate beet cake was creative. Would recommend this place.
This is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in the city.
Vegetable desserts! Yeey!
Great price point. Check your food orientation judgement at the door.  This place is about serving great food that happens to be veg/vegan.
Chef Amanda Cohen was the first vegetarian chef on Iron Chef America & has one of the most energy efficient kitchens in NYC, w/ an induction stove & self-filtering fryer.
This popular vegetarian restaurant will satisfy even the most-stubborn meat-lover! Only downside is that the place is tiny, so be sure to book a table well in advance.
This makes me pine for my days as a vegan. If only all vegetables were this kind of candy.
Village Voice is excited to have Dirt Candy at the 2012 Choice Eats food fest! Full list of restaurants here: http://ow.ly/8QjDQ
Cute (tiny) EV winner. The Chard, Mushroom, Carrot and Cucumber dishes were all amazing. And the rosemary cotton candy is totally addictive.
Amazingly inventive vegetarian restaurant :)
Get the cauliflower and waffles. Your taste buds will thank you.
If you don't expect to get seated at 9:30 if you have a 9:30 reservation and you'll do fine! The food is yum.
This may be a vegetarian restaurant, but the food is about as far from a "health food joint" as you can get.  Order the grits with a deep-fried poached egg and rejoice.
Everything here is amazing. Cucumber and Mushroom and Carrot were standouts.
Winner of Best Vegetarian in the Village Voice 2011 Best Of issue! The jalopeno hush puppies are ruinously addictive.
ZocStars and the ZocDoc team love Dirt Candy! The food is amazingly creative, beautifully plated and delicious. Follow them on Twitter (@DirtCandy) to get updates on last minute availability.
The carrot buns were yum
Small plates. Great, inventive, tasty. Loved the hush puppies, mushroom, corn.
Check out spunky chef, Amanda Cohen’s blog on the Dirt Candy website. She’s so passionate. - Inspector
Chef-owner Amanda Cohen on why she doesn't serve meat: "Meat is such a strong flavor that it takes away from vegetables and we’re trying to show you how good vegetables can be on their own."
Ok. Nothing particularly exciting or unique.
Vegetarians look no further! Loved the creativity in the menu and must recommend the pear and fennel compote!
the jalapeno hush puppies (served w/maple butter) are absolutely freaking delicious!
This place rocks. Totes recommend. If you are five or more people just order the whole menu. Seriously!
Fantastic! Party of five or more order the while menu. For real!
Everything is amazing: Cauliflower & Waffles, Celery with roasted king oyster mushrooms, Portobello Mousse and Beet/Dark Chocolate molten cake w/ pear sorbet.  Support Amanda - great chef, great staff
You've got to try the cauliflower and waffles. It's amazing.
Don't buy the vegetable pizza. Cheese is the way to go.
Best and greasiest NY pizza we've had all weekend!! (place even has a CPR kit just in case....) 
Is this place closed?
Best pizza in the city!!
Margarita slices are the bomb!
Love the eggplant parm slice and the huge portion of penne ala vodka they do!
One of the few places to pick up or order pizza in BPC.
Eggplant Parmesan and Sicilian pizza are the bomb!!!!
The service here is worse than the movie Glitter if Mariah had a stuttering problem. But the popcorn was okay.
Terrible service twice. Dirty plates, served the wrong order, didn't bring our drinks till the end. Previous visit they forgot one of our orders & had to take it to go.
Sitting here right now: horrible; Lon wait, mixed up our entire order, no refill. This place sucks!!!
Wow the bbq chicken pizza is slammin!! I had a wonderful 4th/birthday with the family here!!
Around the Seaport on 7/14? Village Voice'll be rocking out @ 2012 4Knots Music Fest, ft. Archers of Loaf, The Drums & more! goo.gl/x1Ak3
The food is fairly good but the service is always slow - each waiter always has too many tables whether they are busy or empty.
Manager of the decade goes to..... Bennn!!!
Good food...Terrible service
Even tho there's about 15 people inside, the hostess told me they r closed. : <
Get the avocado egg rolls!!
Try the avocado egg rolls!! SO yummy!!!
Hmm...mango lemonade....yummy.
Spring Community Day @ Wall St Park on May 7, ‘11. Volunteer planting from 10AM-Noon. Then, free family activities at 75 Wall and Andaz Wall St from Noon-2PM. www.downtownny.com
The soup is self-served. Your waiter may not tell you.
UNO loves students! Show your ISIC card for 10% off your purchase, excluding alcohol.
loaded mashed potatoes here i come =]
Save your money and time and travel to a better location. Food is extremely bland. Yuck!
Want to get rid of holiday trees and e-waste? Drop by Bowling Green on Sat., January 8, 2011,10 AM-4PM. U could also win a MacBook Air! Details @ http://www.downtownny.com/discover/MulchFest%202010/
How can anyone say "no" to deep dish pizza? There's also Angus burgers, and you're on the waterfront! You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Sign up for their email club and get a free appetizer!
Cheap bar food Sunday-Friday 4-7pm
Bring a book.
Avoid visiting between noon and 1pm
Great for soup or soup and sandwich combo. But waaaaay overpriced for a small salad. Go to Just Salad up the street instead.
Stick to the regular soups. They taste good and are $1 cheaper than the specialty soups. www.luvrae.com
I recomend trying the soup.
Well...The table tops are interesting.
Split pea is the bomb!!!!!
Cream of Tomatoe with Chicken and Orzo is rediculous.
Get to know John at the bar.
Taste The Ketch's food at the Downtown Alliance's Dine Around Downtown event on Tuesday, June 14, 2011 (Rain date the 15th). Learn who's participating @ www.downtownny.com
Downtown mainstay, family-run for 3 generations. Spacious, bright and warmly decorated. The bar's a happy hour fave. You can get our free Downtown dining guide at http://www.downtownny.com/mapsguides/
Try the Lobster salad.
The people working here are so rude. I just wanna smack them and tell them to do their job. But then again, swiping meal plan cards is an exhausting job...
Don't get the sushi from the fridge 
Finally getting out of class around 6pm after a long day? Are you thinking "I'm starving!"? Well then, my advice to you is to go right to the Cafe 101 for a nice rewarding dinner... you earned it!
They charge by the ounce now -___-
Try the burrito bowl at Blue Agave here.  Really good!
Make sure you get there an hour or so before the cafe is suppose to close... because the staff "pre-closes".... by closing everything down and refuse to make anything new.
YUM! Students can't stop drooling over their food selections.  Any recommendations?
lamb over rice
Go here. Don't think about it. Amazing food and awesome service.
Try the Lobster in green sauce - I dipped it in the garlic sauce instead of the green sauce. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Pulpo A La Gallega ( Galician Style Octopus) - Deliciously tender and best olive oil! (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Oysters - Try them with the onion & vinegar sauce!!! (via @Foodspotting)
You can't beat the lunch special!
The pulpo dishes are delicious. Fried potatoes are just potato chips.
Get the chcolate soufflé it sent my mouth to heaven! Rich deep hot  chocolate  a la mode.
Amazing amazing amazing atmosphere!!!
Yummy lobsters!! Great sangria. Love the atmosphere!
Brilliant!! Brilliant! Brilliant!  Great Spanish tapas and brilliant service!!  What can I say?  It was brilliant!  Brilliant!
Tapas Menu is the best...
Monday is lobster night!!!!
Patata Bravas!!!!!!! Rico!
Get here before 5pm and the restaurant is all yours, get here at 6pm it's crowded,  but excellent service all the time.
Baby lamb chops tapas are delicious. Very tender. Do not miss out on these.
Veal sevillana is slam-bamming. Sauteed in onions, mushrooms, & peppers, smothered in a brown sauce. Do it.
paella valencia!
Amazing lobster in the village
Authentic Spanish Mediterranean Restaurant. Paella, Pulpo Gallega, among other favorites. Don't forget the Sangria. Very affordable.
Don't forget anything there! It magically disappears into thin air!
Totally at random: Tonight, the Tapas menu is not available.
W: would u like a glass of wine? Me: yeah... W: the same one u had yesterday? Me:(surprised) u remember me? W: yes of course, ur such a nice looking gal.... -- very nice staff here :)
Great paella
An unexpected pleasure...food, service and prices are outstanding!
Excellent place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo!
Good veggie egg rolls!
Great food With good prices.
I really think this is the best Chinese food spot in NYC. So good
Food sucks here....
Great lunch specials! Order General Tso's chicken with fried rice, an eggroll, and wonton soup but ask for the sauce on the side! Reasonable prices and fast service!
Great lunch specials! Order General Tso's chicken with fried rice, an eggroll, and wonton soup but ask for the sauce on the side!
My fav Hot and sour soup ever! Also love the health menu with steamed mixed veggies!!
Get the Carrot Bird.
Manhattan's best chinese restaurant! The chicken broccoli is delicious!
Dry sautéed beef is an excellent choice, and one not normally found on lunch menus
The lunch specials are the best! Super cheap, a lot of food.
Pork fried rice is a delicious standard. Also beef with snow peas, is yum.
everything is so yummy!
vegetarian general tso's tofu
Definitely a good deal, but I'd advise to order for take out rather than dine in. The service is extremely rushed! Seems like they want you in & out.
Lunch specials are quick, good, and filling. Priced good too.
I'm a dumpling fanatic and by far the best fried pork dumplings I've ever had!!!
Cheap chinese food that every freshman NYU-er should experience
I prefer Panda Express. I ordered veggetarian and they brought out shrimp. After I sent it back then brought out beef. And it didn't even taste all that great! they also have	B on health inspection
Fried rice is pretty good
No congee here, but they'll make chicken soup for you if you ask.
Def one of the best Chinese in the city.
Egg foo young looks like a tasty brain
The best Chinese in NYC! And they have Chinatown Ice Cream Factory ice cream too.
Best Chinese food in NYC
Best Chinese in the city. Eat in and they serve crispy things with hot mustard and the BEST duck sauce. The food's amazing however the scorpion bowl straws are big and awkward ask for a regular straw!
Generous portions
roasted duck + wonton noodle = best hangover food ever!
The lunch specials here will keep your stomach and your wallet happy- Appetizer of egg roll or two chicken wings, choice of rice, and choice of soup with meal- all for $8.
The lunch special here is a particularly good value.  Get it delivered or to go and you'll actually end up getting more food than if you dine in.
Salmon Kulebyaka to die for! A traditional Russian dish done perfectly.
Food is good, but a three course meal here a couple weeks ago took TWO hours. Don't come unless you have a comfortable time window.
Try the Grape Soda (via @Foodspotting)
One of the better Indian lunch buffets I've been to in the city!
Dirty table linen but good food
Dreaming of lazy 2hr Indian lunch buffets? Interior booths remind us of  train compartments (in a good way). Service is no-frills, but dishes are tasty & varied. dessert,… (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
It was pleasant, I prefer Jackson Diner for brunch though.
I go to the Jackson Heights location all the time. Wanted to come here once to compare. Definitely has a different ambiance. They have many of the same items in the buffet.
Yeah, service sucks and the food's just aiight. Tika masala and mulagatoni soup. Chik kurma wasn't up to par.
Best all you can eat Indian I've had in the city!
Try the buffet
Looking for a buffet to take the family? Hop-off at this Indian Restaurant in the West Village and try their homemade Chicken Masala.
I was concerned based on the tips left here, but I thought the food was good.  Shared vegetable samosas and garlic naan, had chicken korma.  Enjoyed everything.
Sit down meals are tasty, though I can't speak for the buffet. Refreshingly poppy music selection, and particularly good naan. Service leaves something to be desired.
It's that bad.  The food, the painful service, the generically bad elevator music.
Takeout lunch special is a good deal. 2 items, rice, raita and a ton of naan. Enough for 2 meals for many.
Agree with others. Chicken Masala is good, but not much else.
Horrible service. Buffet is bland. Only go if you're desperate for Indian.
Chicken Masala is delicious
Some of the best Tarka Dal in the City.
Anything less than 2 plates during buffet time and you are not getting your money's worth
Cheap, reliably delicious sushi. Good delivery option. Love that they have brown rice sushi!
Great hibachi-style entrees and party platters! Don't forget to register with LocalBonus and earn points toward a Lunch Special, Dinner Special Bento, and Party 3 Platter.
Solid place and good for delivery too! My usual go to - sashimi deluxe, and negril roll.
Down graded. They never get my orders right anymore and the lines just keep getting longer. Truck one block down on waverly is much better and no line!
Really good tacos! Served with two tortillas, a comparably substantial amount of meat, onion, cilantro, and lime for 2.50-3.00$. My favorite so far is the chorizo. Definitely coming back!
#FabuLIST the lamb pitza and salads are a great choice. Cheap beers and wine. Cash only.
this place is cash only! and delicious...
Moustache pitza was fantastic. Quite light and a really good combination of flavours
Never knew Mediterranean could taste so good! Try the pita bread and mousskka
Fresh, delicious food an reasonable prices!
Great Lebanese food...I recommend the Lahmacun aka Armenian Pizza!!!
The chickpea and spinach salad!! I dream of it!
Cash only, lame.
Hummus w bread and moussaka are excellent. Portions on the chicken kabob are a little small but delicious.
Hummus, tabbouli, labne, and bread to share. Best dish: ouzi.
This place is such a rip off. $40 on dinner and no pita bread? Never ordering again!
The slow food place..you can feel the freshness of everything that they serve but it does not necessarily translate to great-tasting food. The Moustache pitza was really interesting though
Get the Lahambajin Pitza!
cashcan be a waitorder EVERYTHING and share. use bread not forkshot mint teaTHE BREAD
I'd try one of their other locations.. I was rather disappointed by the food and service
Chicken pitza is addictive
The Moustache Pitza is one of our neighborhood staples! You can't go wrong if you order it :)
You can order the ouzi without chicken!
Order the lamb pizza
the best falafel in the city.
great food, amazing salad and falafel, and great bartenders! lovely to go with friends
Had the Sun Pitza with sundried tomatoes and basil. delicious!
Must try dishes: ouzi, lamb sandwich, labne, hummus and moustache pizza! (My fave is the ouzi)
This is the same address as the apartment  from the tv show friends, according to newyorkinthemovies.com
Try the Ouzi for dinner! Great staff, food and atmosphere.
Very charming with some of the nicest wait staff in NYC.
Love the lentil soup and babaganoush.
moustache pitza + beer = heaven.
Favorite place, inexpensive and gd service. I love the spinach and chickpea salad!!
My neighborhood Middle Eastern restaurant. Puffy, just-baked-in-a-brick-oven pita bread with great salads. -Anita Lo, Top Chef
They allow you to buy by the quarter pound! (For those that like your beans fresher and don't use them as often!)
This place smells amazing, perks you up as soon as you walk in - great place for relatively inexpensive coffee
The best coffee beans for the price in the city! Weekly specials are amazing!
Actually, never going back. Complete pricks.
Meh. Not quite as good as Mud or Abraco, so meh.
The French Mocha is delicious!
If you like your coffee STRONG, SMOOTH and NUTTY-LICIOUS then ask for Katie's Blend!
5.0 earthquake in Western Puerto Rico at 2:06am
none of the shops open until 12 noon on Sunday
Bring a mug. Refills are only $1.
Don't touch the beans!
Pumpkin spice coffee!
Cool place & decent cup of coffee. Can't believe their prices. $1 less than I usually pay for coffee.
A better deal on beans than anybody in town. Even cheaper than Trader Joe's.
Walk in and take a deep breath. Enjoy the smell and buy a coffee.
love their blue mountain & colombian supremo
Lots of different roasts and most are only $9.99/Lb!!!
Their hazelnut coffee has pieces of real  hazelnuts with the beans.
(My BF loves it) possibly the best beans in NYC!
Bring your own cup for a 65 cent cup of joe!
French Italian Espresso is rocket fuel.
Love the mocha. So many other flavors to try, so little time.
buy a pound of Peter's blend
Buy a French Press then get your ass here!
I got the #1 & #9. They more or less tasted the same. I wasn't impressed but I will try their fries next. At least they weren't salty which is a plus.
Bring back the okra hot dog :(
You are always greeted upon entering and leaving. Sometimes they bring your order to your table....the food is great and the atmosphere is relaxed. Always a pleasant time when you visit Japadog.
Get the Hot&Spicy. Nice heat
Better then crif dog. Yeah. I said it.
Take a chance on the ice cream on deep fried sugar buns. You won't be sorry.
The Age Ice consists of 3 plump scoops of ice cream in your choice of flavors—vanilla, strawberry, green tea or black sesame—set inside a bun that is lightly deep-fried moments before being served.
Pick up a spoon. It can get messy. Good messy :)
this chart is super helpful for choosing your dog. p.s. they also have a ton of veggie options.
get the ice cream on the deep fried bun!
Be careful eating here in the summer!! I've come here a few times before but I got a stomach virus after eating here this past week. Maybe the food went bad cause of the heat. Eat at your own risk
They don't have tap water here!
Omgsh! Try the Japanese-Style hotdog!
Ony in NY! Ice cream in a hot dog roll - is that picture for real?
Tony Bourdain covered this place years ago when it was just a cart in Vancouver. Honestly I'm not a big fan.
http://windows7speedup.comHow to speed up windows 7Find out everything about speeding up windows 7Learn how to speed up windows 7
http://www.videomarketinguncut.com Video MarketingVideo marketing is growing daily with the amount of people prefering to watch videos.
www.top10thingsblog.comTop 10 ListsHave you ever wanted to know cool facts about cool things?
http://bestanimationsoftwarereview.comChoose the best animation softwareFind out what's the best animation softwareBest 3D animation software
http:/www.onlinebackgammonmoney.comOnline Backgammon Rooms Reviews
Number four is delicious
Spicy hot dog was good, but not my favorite hot dog ever. It's good if you are craving something different though.
Unique but nothing amazing, much rather have nathans hotdog honestly
Try a pork dog buried under a soft pile of okra with butter-and-shoyu-soaked fries:
This is the place I really don't mind to have  hotdog for dinner once every week. Try the wasabi sauce with french fries . Very delicious:)
Seaweed on a hotdog gives the illusion that said hotdog is healthy
Get the oroshi or the love meat and slap some siriacha, wasabi mayo and hot peppers on it.
#4 is amazing!
Don't get the donkatsu
Quick bite Japanese-style hot dogs
The most over priced cafe food downtown. Try one of the other many cafes to choose from in the area and skip this one.
$9 for a just-egg omelette with every veggie/topping $1.50 extra? This place looks like a diner but has bistro prices. Ripoff. Don't eat here unless you like tearing up your cash.
Surprisingly good food & great service from this modest little cafe!
This is a spot I come to do work, good  tea selection, but the food, is ok, with a courteous waitstaff. Bottom line, the perks, there's free wi-fi, a number of outlets &it's open 24hrs on weekends.
I love the location, its a great place to people watch if you sit outside. Very pricey compared to other places in the area for what you get though
Food is good, but service has been pretty terrible the two times I've been in. Also, servers look like Degrassi extras in worst way possible.
Wifi password : greentea
Butterscotch iced coffee. Favorite.
I want to live here
Caitlin is the best server!
3mbps D, 5mbps U
24/7, wifi, outlets, food = not bad for freelancers
The word "table" is used kind of liberally here at Table 12 considering it's actually just flat pieces of wood placed on top of tortoises.
Is a good place to come and get some work done. Food is really overprice and the quality is very poor. On the bright side this place is open 24 hours, they offer free wifi and have clean restrooms.
Very slow service you're better off never coming in
Don't come here this place sucks.
2.50 for a coffee at a diner is unacceptable
no laptop after 5pm at cafe ost. had to come here.
You will hate the really lumpy chair by the door! (bad attempt to keep it open when I stop by this cool work spot.)
Horrible breakfast..eggs r bad and the potatoes r rubbery!! >_<
Salmon was surprisingly awesome
All the food I've ordered here had something weird or wrong with it. This place belongs at a truck stop or a tourist beach in Thailand. Come for the 24 hour wifi.
Surprisingly cheap and tasty Stuffed Croissant French Toast.
Come here to use wifi n study late at night. Food is way expensive for diner quality... Skip the chicken quesadillas.
Mexican eggs bene... A definite no-no. Service so-so. Probably best to just have a tea and stare at your computer.
Free wifi, really overpriced diner food.
Food is terrible, expensive, and they won't let you use a computer if you sit outside.  I'll pass.
The food is aight but the vibe is great. Very laid-back and casual. If you're looking to get work done in your sweatpants come here.  It's not one of the trendy/beautiful people cafes in the EV.
Of coffee and tea. Also delicious gazpacho! Bad music.
Great coffee!
This place is disgusting. Bought their cut-up fruit breakfast things on a saturday morning, and they were all rotten. The guy was super rude, and only gave me a refund for the one box I took back in.
The cook here can literally make you anything :-)
Have the tossed salad, for $8 you get UNLIMITED toppings + a soda. That can't be beat and it's delicous
We create the most beautiful and tasty cakes and confections.
The chicken vindaloo is actually spicy. Best Indian take out for value and taste.
As an Indian, this is the only Indian place I can tolerate. Lamb bhuna roll for sure.
Bring your own beer, you can get some from the store across the street!
Lamb vindaloo was very spicy but enjoyable.
Chicken Tikka is so good
They don't take Amex. However they offer a special for this place if you use your Amex .... Messed up
Great tasting, cheap Indian food. And they're open everyday until 5 am! Get their paneer tikka masala/ veg box. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
they dont take amex card! amex card is false advertising!!!! disappointed :(
Chicken box really good!
Chicken Tikka
Chicken Bhuna Roll - extra spicy.  'Nuff said.
STUDENTS: Buy 2 rolls, get 1 FREE!More at http://www.campusclipper.com/new/newsletter.php!
Awesomely quirky interior, cheap prices, and great food make this one of our Greenwich favorites.  Get the chicken tikka roll or the paneer burji.  Look out, the food here is spicy!
Chicken Box or Lamb box are my favorites, Also they have great mango Lassi!
The thought and anticipation of lamb bhuna roll at 3am on Saturday nights is what gets keeps me going throughout the rest of the week
The chicken kebab is great.
Key for late night food bonanza
Unda bhurji roll is great...but ask for less filling!
I ecpetected nothing and got everything!! Its 2 am and we have a great time!
Spiciest food in the village + they have limca! You can't go wrong.
Definitely try the tandoori vegetables. I know, I know people keep telling you about the unda bhurji pav, but trust me.
Open til 5am! Good for late night munchies :P
Boo Sarah L.  Everyone hates you, go eat worms.  Don't follow dumb ads.  This place is actually really good, prime meats and great taste.
Try their veg box and/or unda bhurjee
Nupam Nupam Nupam
Try their lunch box special. An extraordinary amount of food at a great price.
Lamb bhuna roll is da bomb!
Anyone heard of SpotOn? It's an awesome company that gives you recommendations for where to go next based on your checkin data.     www.getSpotOn.com
Good lobster roll in a killer location, served by the intoxicatingly excited owner Stephen
Try the Oreo Peanut Butter Brownie - Genius (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Chocolate Croissant Brulee - Amazing as everything always is here (via @Foodspotting)
The key lime is a must try!!
Banana pudding is really great, especially with nuggets of mills wafers. Gotham cake is nothing special.
Eclair cone, just as good as NY Mag said. The strawberry shortcake is really good too.
The thing I like most about this place is that U can't make a reservation no matter who U R! everything is delicious and ever 1 has 2 wait their turn!  But its worth the wait! :)
try the soft serve, it's asian style with the crushed ice. the adult choc pudding is good too!
Rude service, beware!
Try the mini lychee cupcake
Hit or miss:  my red velvety cupcake, amazing.  The chocolate cupcake-  not that good.  Te ice cream:  whoa, not to be touched.
Deluxe shaved ice: green tea, vanilla ice cream, red beans and pure snow.
Green watermelon slushy is tasty and refreshing.
The vanilla custard eclair cone is life changing.
The cupcakes (esp. red velvet) melt in your mouth!
The macaroons are out of this world. But if you come late in the evening, they'll probably be sold out -- and the ones in the case on the counter are for display only.
Best shaved ice in NYC
Chocolate chip cookie sandwich!  A girl always has room for dessert. Even in this weather.
NY cheesecake is heavenly!
My fave cupcake spot, the perfect size to fulfill cravings.  The creamcheese frosting is the lightest ever, try the premium Smores, Coconut & Roasted Almond.
Try the shaved ice... it has a hidden serving of soft serve inside!
Green apple sorbet smooth perfect with apple peel bits
Great lunch special deal. Sushi is fresh and thought it was pretty good overall. Tuna sushi was great. Don't appreciate being charged $1 for spicy mayo side. That's just overkill.
Great neighborhood place. Dama is the nicest. All the fish is always fresh and delicious - plus they have a TV and are always willing to put any game on.
The best neighborhood sushi joint! Talk to Dama- he's the coolest.
Chilean Sea Bass is awesome. And the spicy tuna pizza is also great if you're into crunchy shit and weird sauces.
Great tasting food and beautiful presentation.
Avoid the costlier rolls, the value is in the $5 cut rolls. And the salmon skin salad from the get go is money.
Tuna Tartar and Yellowtail Tartar are delish!!!
One of the best in town. Totally fresh and delicious. Great service, too. Love the golden dragon roll, salmon skin salad and green tea iced tea.q
Pink sparkling sake? Skip it. Tiger & spicy yellowtail roll are amazing.
Loved the Pork Ragu - Malfatti
sturgeon and malfatti are excellent
Excellent breakfast. Broiled fresh vegetables with poached eggs and a view of Grammery Park's fall leaves.
When Lambrusco is on a menu, always order it. Specifically here.
The breakfast at Maialono is great. Cappuccino is excellent and I alternate between the Contadino and the Currant Pecan Granola with Yogurt and Fruit
A cheese plate: ask about it.
My favorite spot in Gramercy. The best Italian food, delicious cocktails. Perfect for date night.
steak was unreal. not to mention the delicious foccacia.
Cappuccino and Caramellato for breakfast when you need to kick it in gear
The olive oil cake with vanilla is amazing! Not too heavy so great way to end the meal
Being one of Danny Meyer's several restaurants in the city, you can be sure to get great food and amazing service. It's casual for an upscale restaurant so you get quality food without all the fuss.
Food is pretty good; but on the saltier side - all relative i guess
Please get a side of bacon with your breakfast or brunch.
Grub Street off-menu dish: Gluten-Free Pasta. "Chef Nick Anderer's kitchen always has a few gluten-free pastas available and can pair any of them with whatever sauces their customers might want."
Stop by the barista's area & grab a Counter Culture cold brew to go! Delicious!
Breakfast: Cacio e Pepe or yogurt/granola and OJ.  Lunch: Bombolotti and Lambrusco. Dinner:  Chicken special or Bolognese and a Marsiliano. At bar, get Italian Greyhound; tip Dave and Steve extra.
Sitting here next to Keith Richards and the whole Green Day band!  Unbelievable!
Just get the suckling pig. It is superb, delicate, it just melted in my mouth.
Zucchini pasta in the summer is spectacular.
I have flown across the country to eat in NYC and this is where I came to brunch.  Favorites: scrambled eggs and ricotta pancakes.  Both.
Get the salt crusted baked fish (think its a cod?) and a pasta to share
The design scheme recalls a Roman trattoria (glass cases enclose meats and cheeses), all set by a park that’s a visual treat any season.
Crostini Misti is delicious - and big enough for really sharing
Their flour-less chocolate cake with buttermilk ice cream is so amazing. Don't leave without trying!!!
Stop in for the just-introduced late-night pizza special. Beginning at 9 p.m., this Gramercy restaurant is serving a $12 deal that includes a Brooklyn Brewery beer and a carbonara pizza:
Amazing handmade pasta, very rich dishes.
Summer eggs contadino
contadino eggs are my favorite: poached eggs with an assortment of local veggies
One of my favorite eat-at-the-bar spots. You will meet other foodies and enjoy excellent glasses of wine and fine, rustic Italian dishes.
Scrambled eggs cacio e pepe - super tasty.  Maialino Contadino (poached eggs with market veg) fresh and delicious.  One of the few places that that doesn't over poach their eggs.
Get the Peruvian corn dish it's awesome
Do not miss the beef maki Roll and the Samba Juice!
Try the shrimp tempura roll for an appetizer. It's cooked so you don't have to worry. For your entree, I highly recommend the Chilean Sea Bass! #yum
Expensive and not the best Sushi I've had. Good bar menu. I'd go again just for the vibe. Not any more not any less. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
My love and I love third place!
We love SUSHISAMBA's fusion sushi rolls here - try the Samba Park roll (spicy lobster and scallion with passion fruit mustard). http://www.delivery.com/menu/Sushi_Samba
Try el topo here! Bes sushi ever
Start with some taquitos, then if you are hungry take a moqueca mista or some neo tokyo and topos and finish everything with a cafe parfait :) by the way you should try the sawagani, so funny!
Just tried the moqueca mista and oh my it is so good I could eat this everyday for weeks on end, you gotta try it...
Veggie sushis were good (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
great miso soup ! try the el topo roll and also the green envy - sublime
Pacific roll and taquitos! Soooo good
if you like fusion food they have a good blend of sushi meets samba also a pretty fun bar connection "sugarcane" for a more intimate setting.. its super dark!
SushiSamba245 Park Ave. S (btwn 19th & 20th St.), New York, NY 10003Sushi Restaurant, Brazilian Restaurant, Japanese Restaurant
The best sushi i've ever tasted!
i love the cocktail tree! and go for the moqueca mista- stunning in sight and taste :-) (see video below for "Best in the City" for more Sushi Samba tips
I love the Maine Lobster Taquitos! Had dinner last night and it was great.
Yum... Sushi, Sushi, Sam-ba!
Try the pisco-jito..a Peruvian-style mojito and the tuna tiradito (topped with diced green apple and red jalepeno)
Brunch used to be better
Go for brunch & order churros
The yellowtail taquitos are out of this world
Great drinks and great sushi. Residents of the building upstairs, 8 Gramercy, can get keys to the nearby private Gramercy Park.
Great combination of Japanese and Brazilian flavors, not to mention the amazing sushi!!!
This place is a rip off, but if you like paying lots 'o cash for a tiny dish then this place is for you!
Chu-cumber
Got seated and no one came to serve our table for 15 minutes. Left hungry and annoyed. Don't think I want to go back.
Amience at Samba Park isn't as live as Samba 7. Go w/ ur boo to Park; w/ ur friends to 7.
Rock Shrimp and the El Topo Roll. Do itttt
Tasty specialty rolls (loved green envy, neo Tokyo n veggie), yellow tail taquitos n green bean tempura. House iced tea rounded out perfect lunch!
This moving cupcake truck is the best in NYC! Follow them on Twitter at @CupcakeStop for updates on their next stop!
Anything from their seasonal menu is spectacular, but this regular is vanilla butter cake, dyed a festive array of colors, topped with a swirl vanilla frosting and finished with rainbow colored sugar.
So delish!
Every Friday, the Cupcake Stop truck parks close to our office. Perfect for an afternoon sugar fix.
Red Velvet all the way!
French Toast cupcake is my favorite. Tastes exactly as advertised!
Their cupcakes are not huge, so you can sin without feeling guilty.
mini sampler ftw
You really can't go wrong with any of their cupcakes, but my leading fave is the S'mores one. Chocolate-y, marshmallow-y perfection.
All about the Peanut Butter Cup Cupcake. The secret is in the frosting ;)
Yummy, homemade tasting cupcakes.
Red velvet!
Arrive early when Red Velvet cupcakes are on the menu. They sell out first.
The tye dye cupcake is super good!
Go and get the Funfetti cupcake, if it's available that day.
Free Cupcakes on Your Birthday!
get the chocolate caramel full size!
get the Pumpkin Spice!!!! UES 87/Lex every Sunday.
Get the Elvis or the Pina Colada
awesome red velvet
Follow them on http://twitter.com/cupcakestop to find the location and flavors for the day (plus the occasional special offer).
The sushi is horrendous.  Dont let the sake bombs convice you otherwise.
Great lunch special!
This place is a mess... But good sushi and free wine, can't complain
Great lunch specials!!!
Free Sake with your meal. Can't beat that. And the sushi is good to.
Well, this crowd looks a little too young...
Free sake tastes like metho but bento box is huge
Come for the great lunch deal. $11 for two rolls, salad or soup, appetiter and a drink (sake or wine).
quite possibly the blandest, most uneventful, lifeless, and passionless sushi in the city. And there is plenty of competition.
Azuki still rules- volcano roll is da bomb
Unlimited white wine and sake with 20 dinner, the wine sucks get the sake.
Spend more than $20 and you get unlimited house white wine or sake.
AZUKI RULES
AZUKI RULES
Good sushi, they offer free wine with your meal, but it's not a bottomless carafe like some other sushi joints
Spend $20 and get free bottomless wine for the whole night!
free glass of wine with purchase of dinner! :o  exciting~
Lunch: 2 sushi rolls, Gyoza, soup and unlimited sake/ wine= $10.you can't go wrong
They have bad service, but once you flag down your waiter they'll bring you good sushi and free drinks all night! You may need to keep ordering to stay as they try to turn tables very fast.
$10 lunch special is a great deal
Raw fish = nice!
Go here on a night you want to drink a lot.  Take advantage of the free (unlimited) sake.  Eat your sushi veeeryyyy slloooowwly.
their website is mrsoup.net
they list their daily soup menu on mrsoup.net
Ask for free sample if you are not sure what soup to buy.
Must have : Brussel sprouts, grilled salmon and the brownies!
Omg. Amaxing, amazing brunch. Get the 84 cocktail... And biscuits and sausage
Brussel Sprouts have never tasted so good!
Get the smashed potatoes
All you need to know? Brussels Sprouts.
Jalapeño hush puppies and apple butter are fantastic. Great for an unpretentious, laid back brunch without the crowd and high prices of other places in the area.
Brussel sprouts are awesome
Interesting menu. Cool spot. Best coffee for brunch. Ricotta pancakes with apricots are delish!
Roasted chicken club is AMAZING
Great spot. Small, intimate. Yummy drinks and perfectly spiced food. Try the mango coconut chicken curry.
A great spot where football is always on. Try the brazilian piña colada, yum!
Crab dip and bacalhao (sp?) are amazing, as are the steak salad and Portuguese seafood stew. Drinks are strong and well priced - try their caiprinha!
Excellent cheese rolls - fresh from the oven and piping hot!
Awesome spot! Fried egg baguette and the banana nutella panini are both so good.
Try the Cuban Sandwich (via @Foodspotting)
Crab Dip It's effn legit!
Brilliant nightspot for amazing Brazillian cocktails. Let the bar tender order for you.
Try the Avocado And Goat Cheese Buritto - With #grilledcorn #mexicanstyle (via @Foodspotting)
eggplant polenta lasagna for the win.
happy hour: special priced cocktails, beer and wine till 7pm
Try the Fresh Fruit Caipirinha With Cacaca Not Vodka And Passion Fruit (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Garlic, Crab And Artichoke Dip (via @Foodspotting)
Get the fresh fruit caipirinha with cachaca instead of vodka and passion fruit or lychee
Get the pao de queijo appetizer cheese bread rolls/balls
Try the Shrimp & Avocado Tomato Curry (via @Foodspotting)
Acai berry lemonade
Try the coconut tapioca dessert
DEMAND BUTTER WITH THE BREAD!
Come!!!! Gustavo and Guille are amazeballs and, the rice bolognese lasagne is delish :-)
Piña colada. Check. Batida de coco. Check. Acai berry lemonade. Check. Steak and Polenta. Check. Get it all!!! Love this place.
The feijoada, eggplant polenta, and the guinness chocolate cake get it done.
One of my favorite dinner spots in Manhattan. Definitely order the eggplant polenta - and the provoleta to start. Yum!
Try the lime & Jalepeno caipirinha with vodka. Yum
Petit resto brésilien avec une carte simple mais bonne! Le cadre est intimiste et peu bruyant. Une table spéciale en arrière pour les groupes!
Yummy tuna tartare.
Incredible Brazilian food at a friendly price point.
The caipirinhas are great
The bean soup is so good. Dint forget to order a caipirinha
Get the egg w/ chorizo torta and grilled corn Mexican style
Whatever you want to go, simple as that. You can even call in and order and then go pick it up :) Corns for me!
The portobello and goat cheese is excellent (either as a sandwich or burrito).
The chicken and corn salad is delicious.
The chicken & corn salad is delicious and a solid meal-and-a-half
Iced coffee is awesome here
I get the corn and chicken salad maybe once a week. It's delightful.
The cubano is awesome, and enough for two servings
Get the grilled corn. Arguably the best $2 you'll spend in NY. BYO toothpicks though!
Try the Torta Cubana - So Goooooooooooood!  (via @Foodspotting)
There are napkins and tooth picks on every table for a reason. Dig in!
Their sangwinches are droolworthy & don't forget to grab a grilled corn.
The Cuban sandwich is great! The best! Get it.
Corn and hot chocolate
Can't go wrong with the corn!
Grilled corn is a must!
All the delicious food of Cafe Habana, minus wait service.
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Great pizza - even better soundtrack :)
Shiz got real... at one point I threw down the fork and rolled up the sleeves!!!! No joke... I'd pay a hundred bucks for this pizza!!!
My favorite : the white pizza ! Very nice area too, right under the brooklyn bridge
Cheap wine, yummy pizza, cool staff but bring cash! No credit cards excepted.
Waste of time.
Get two pizzas - 1 margarita and 1 of something else. They will both be delicious and it'll be a nice mix of traditional and creative.
best pizza, ever. large pie is perfect for two adults with a healthy appetite. the pepperoni pie was legit.
Don't get the calzone. It's a large soggy bag of of ricotta and mozzarella
Pizza fina e saborosa como as de São Paulo. Experimente a White pizza. Na foto, a white pizza com peperoni.
Mmmmm simply delicious
ATM upstairs charges a whopping $4.50. Arrive with cash!
no reservations allowed but you can usually get seated quicker if you have a small party-listen closely for the calls on parties of 2
Almost as famous as their astounding pizza is the long line, but the wait is well worth it. These whole pizzas (no slices) go for $12-16 & should be eaten in Brooklyn Bridge Park. - Green Guide Editor
Overrated. No slices. Cash only.
Nothing special. Not worth the huge line. If you really want to try, come around 11. Take out your pizza with your beloved and eat it at the Brooklyn Bridge Park. Great view.
Not the cleanest, or the best service, but still totally worth it. You won't want to waste money on regular pizza anymore, especially since its the same price!
While you are waiting check me out on www.crack4djs.net/djmarkanthony and www.soundcloud.com/djmarkanthony
Awesome pizza! Great service! Worth the wait.
Incredibly inefficient line management.
Definitely worth the wait! Small pizza is enough for 3 people to share, large works too depending on how hungry. Also, try the "Olde Brooklyn" root beer, very tasty! :)
Really good pizza. Line is ridiculously long though.
Long lines, long waits, but all worth it tenfold once you take that first bite into pizza-bliss!
We were kept outside for an hour when we went in there were 5 free tables.. The place is overrated..
All pizza is good.
Don't order root beer they lied and said they were out and 20 min later the table next to me got..... You guessed it..root beer
what the hell
Don't order the Chicken Kiev, you may be disappointed.
Rude service and cash only. This pizza better live up to the reputation  *waits* :/
I didn't mind the wait to get in, but the wait for the pizza was way to long.   Nice prices though.
Always a huge line!
Everything is sooo good here. You really can't go wrong. Go during happy hour for $6 mojitos/sangria and $2 empanadas!
Yums.  Solid brunch on Saturday or Sunday.  It can get pretty packed, but prices are decent, food is always delish (carne con yuca is my go to), and the bottomless drink specials are killer.
The porrons are a great way to start the meal. And throughout the meal for that matter.
The yuca fries are amazing!!
Brunch entrees vary but  an extra $9 gives you AYCD mimosas of several flavors.  According to Rhea Recommends the Orange+Vanilla Mimosa is Best.  This is also one of her top 5 brunch spots in NYC
For $11 you get unlimited mimosas for 2 hours. Try the orange-vanilla mimosa, a refreshing twist on an old classic.
The salmon ceviche is amaze!! Try it!
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu be adventurous! As for the drinks I highly recommend the mango+gin!
Unlimited 2 hour mimosa extravaganza and mouthwatering cuban inspired brunch? #FFactorApproved
Le Mojito est quand même cher !!
Try the batidos with water instead of milk. It's like a fruit smoothie.  Passion fruit was delicious.
Great Latin spot... Order a shot of aguardiente to gain the bartenders respect.
Slowest service ever! And they "ran out of glasses" during brunch.  Awesome. Bring me my mimosa.
Guanánaba mimosa FTW
Drunk Brunch. $9 AYCD orange, grapefruit or lychee mimosas
The bartender Lorainne is absolutely sweet and amazing. She will take care of you and you better tip her for it!
One of New York's BEST HAPPY HOURS; $5 Beers, Mojitos $6 and $2 Empanadas.. Yummm!!!
The lamb burger is outrageously good.
Beware of the $11 mimosas, they use $2 bottles of champagne J. Roget. Google it. Crap.
Order any cocktail with Pisco and any dish with Grilled Octopus...Also, for fun, order a Porron.
Brunch was awesome! $11 all you can drink Mimosas (up to 2 hours) and Huevos Rancheros! Great place, strongly recommended. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
They just started a Happy Empanada Hour Monday-Friday. It's $2 per empanada and $6 for cocktails. Monday - Wednesday the hours for the special are 5-7PM. Thursdays and Friday's 4-7PM. Get there early!
Great place for brunch on Saturdays or Sundays. I like the chicken chilaquiles and the patatas bravas. Add unlimited mimosas for just $11.
highlights: salmon arepa, calamari, and mushroom croquettes. lowlight: chorizo shrimp
Nice place, the Lamb Hamburger is very good.
Best cocktails! Yum!
Fun, warm atmosphere for a group outing...try the tuna pizza, and the maracuy + vodka
Not really fond of straight people there.
Portions have definitely shrunk mate
Menu has changed (as of 11/26), no more "standard" eggs, Bacon, and home fries. Bottomless mimosas still can't be beat though.
Awesome German Bakery!
Flaming pie. Awesome.
Cheese plate is great but service was really slow! Diner beware.
Great selection of breads and cheeses. Young, knowledgable, cheerful staff.
Breads and pastries are freshly made each morning in house. They donate leftovers to the local shelter. Specialty German beers are served here as well.
Pretty crappy service.
The bakery specializes in artisan German bread, each delicious and requiring many splashes of butter. The pastries are also a highlight — the Berliners and Linzer cakes are particularly comforting.
If you've ever scoured New York looking for authentic German bretzeln look no further.
Come here post dinner for dessert, sit upstairs so you can make out
Bar snacks are spicy bread twists.  Nuf said.
The atmosphere offers guests a little taste of Germany, all day and through the late night hours. Taste: Flaming pie - Baked Alsatian Bread Dough served with Creme Fraiche, Bacon & Onion...and Bier
They don't have the pretzel recipe quite right. Wait to buy one until they've perfected it!
For breakfast or lunch, the breads are exemplary, especially the double-crusted rye and cheese-pretzel pockets. If you come at night, try the buttered and pan-fried schnitzel served on kaiser rolls.
Try the sweet 'n tart, yet moist, rhubarb coffee cake. It's a generous portion too! w/ its perfect ratio of cake:streusel...
Good bread
Multigrain bread is amazing ;)  great crust!
sweet raisin bun + latte = gr8 way 2 start the day
Cambozola Sandwhich is fantastic.
Rockin pretzels!
makan, makan...
Kim Chee hot dog is delicious
Soup took 10 minutes to bring to table, & after the sandwich came ... Had to remind server of my order.
Get dressing on the side. Always a safe bet.
Steel cut oatmeal has the perfect hint of brown-sugar sweetness.  Come with two fresh toppings...I love the fresh strawberries!
Dang.. the quality is going down the tubes again..sad.
They bring your food to you!
It's just like a restaurant but cheaper! (;
Try the yogurt parfait
Line can get long between 12 and 1PM... but it's always worth the wait. Great staff!
Try the smokey BBQ pizza! The flavors explode in your mouth!!
the chicken tinga is delicious
Love love love the free bread scraps.
Very nice staff. I always have a good experience here. Enough tables and chairs I don't feel guilty about sitting and using my laptop for a while.
Always ask for fresh Whole Grain bread. If not, you'll get a hard cold one.
Cosi club is delicious & a change from the salads & soups.
Tiny sandwiches!
I've been coming here for yeeeeeaaaars and some how they tend to get my TBM's wrong once every four times no matter how I explain it. Simply I want the TBM that comes w.vinegrette to be warm. ^_^
This locations customer service could be way better manager is über grouchy
Get the Cubano Melt. Tasty!
This is a nice clean serene location and the staff was very nice.
The Cubano Melt is muy yummy!!
Foursquare special only can get you a free soda, not a bottle of water. Thanks for keeping Americans unhealthy, Cosi!
The Smokey BBQ Chicken Pizza is incredibly good. One individual pie is never good enough!
Tandoori Chix whole grain killer!
Customer service is lacking on the weekends.
Cheap and seriously delicious. Chicken Tinga was amazing. (via Scoville)
Third on the buffalo chicken!
I recommend the Shanghai Chicken Salad!
Lentil soup is great on Tuesdays.
Hummus and fresh veggies sandwich with provolone cheese (toasted).  Yum!
Slowest place ever.
I dream about going back! Can't find a spot like this on the West Coast so make sure to hit it up when you're in New York! More info: http://bit.ly/oliviayo
Don't get the chicken tapas. Bowl of greasy chicken chunks. Dates were good though. Anything wrapped in bacon is good.
Definitely try the bacon wrapped dates... Won't be disappointed
Portions are quite large for tapas. Great food, but very slow service. Go when you're not in a rush!
Im from az went there for a drink and it was a lovely place
They are usually out of Stella, try Peroni, and the band takes a long ass break (try 55 Bar).
The best food and drinks. Highly recommended for any occasion.
Got a LivingSocial coupon that would take care of $50 worth of food. Unfortunately, the food was so good & filling that we only satisfied $39 worth. So worth it! P.S. try the bacon wrapped dates.
Kabobs are awesome!
Very loud and crowded,but great food and delicious sangria (don't have a meal without it!)The mojito was far too sweet though, and while the tapas are so small, the paella for 4 was inexplicably large
Jalapeño cilantro margarita (el marlin) = WOW
Great small venue w/ a cool casual vibe.
Bacon wrapped dates. That's all you need to know.
White wine sangria is amazing here!
Try the mamba Juana shots
Have a Serrano ham and Manchego platter and drink tequila with Sangritas.
Go Tuesday nights for half-off tapas, and order sangria! Inexpensive, great food, and live band!
Great little Spanish/Basque tapas place, be aware that it is very loud and full of music inside!
Take a first date here, order tapas and sangria.
On a good night, Mr. Chow's is glitzy and buzzing. It’s fun to be part of that scene. Dress to impress with a fitted dress or other sexy number, fancy heels, designer jewels, and your best handbag.
I know the place has a spotty reputation, but our dinner was great, the Peking Duck was crispy and delicious and we let the waiter select the meal and for$65/person, we couldn't eat another bite.
They are now closed!!!
got a hangover? get some juice!
Hungover? Get the hangover cure (pineapple lemon apple) and nurse yourself back to health
Try the skin fixer sweet yet refreshing
Try the Brazilian Açai, it's the best
Amazon Cherry Energy Smoothie is divine!
Apple, Orange and Ginger with lots o crushed ice..  Sooooo refreshing!!
carrot, kale, apple, ginger, celery & beet.  breakfast of champions (and people that drink to much and have to think the next day)
The pizza toppings are abundant, and I love the rotating drink specials.
Salads are large and good to share. Pizzas are okay -- thin crust but a little too much like flatbread.
Its in the NYL building...shhh it's a secret.
Don't get the nuts in the bins.
Goodness, that is some awful beef pho.
Fast and pretty good!
Not very authentic, but awesome portions. Come hungry!
Shrimp bun xao is the best. Ask for extra sauce
Good for watching sports at the bar.
Nothing spicy about their spicy and tasty dishes but the drinks are good.
one of my favorite spots in the city. try just about anything!
Large Pho Bo with sweet chilli sauce and Number 78 with chicken - an amazing rice noodle dish. The only two dishes I've been eating there (plus appetizers and Thai iced tea)
Soup with coconut milk&shrimps - yum! ☺️
Good for large groups
Ask for extra spicy.
Unimpressive.
Saigon Market got a health rating of A with 10 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/17287
Its Bun xo lunch all the way $8 lunch can't beat that in union sq. Nice atmosphere but run like a cafeteria
The best Vietnamese restaurant in NYC!
Grilled pork is the best
Don't eat here. Food is not good.
La sa ga soup is to die for!
A great change from your typical Thai & Chinese restaurant. Everything is good & cheapeats
The ga nuong platter (#37) is amazing.
What it lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in quality food, friendly service and reasonable prices.
Bo Luc Lac is a great dinner for steak lovers. The soups here are phenomenal too!
Bun Zao chicken is great - like a less greasy pad Thai
Get a number 36 and a Vodka Gilmet on the rocks! A match made in heaven!!
Great food... Wonderfull house, great stuff. Try it!
Bun with Grilled Chicken for an added bonus as for the eggrolls on top! You won't regret it! :D
Avoid the sliced chicken and broccoli with "tasty sauce." My chicken was undercooked, and the sauce was off. Only the broccoli was good.
If u dont know what you should order, Com chien will be best.
Try the fish and shrimp soup. Its very flavorful and light but filling
Bun Xao chicken or beef! A spring or summer roll appetizer won't kill you either...
Greatly decorated place. 2 big dancefloors downstairs and tables for bottle service but not super posh at all. Very chill and the bar upstairs alone makes the place awesome.
$4 chicken and rice with salad. So bad, yet SO good.
Lamb over rice
It's actually called Shanta Halal Food
Not bad for $4
I got full from the chicken & lamb combo for just $5! It's so bomb.
Too bad the other carts aren't as good. Getting my combo wouldn't take this long.
They make the best egg on a roll in the city.
This guy tried to recycle a turkey sandwich for my cheese sandwich. No thanks!! Over priced too
The egg on a roll here is the best in the city.
Over priced think they the only hand in town
these guys make the best deli counter breakfast in the area. takes a little longer but that's cuz they give a damn. totes worth it to me.
Quite pricey!,  but food is always on point though.
Delion is clean. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Overpriced a bit, but if you like breakfast sandwiches, get the Death Sandwich! You will cry tears of pain... and joy...
Enjoy free coffee at Delion Grocery with breakfast sandwich, from 6-11am. Find more deals at Postabon.com!
Have a Rob-Bob!
Never eat here unless you are forced to at gun point.
Looking for flan?  Mmmm delicious
You can't beat a cup of hot spiced apple tea from here while waiting for the express bus to staten island.
huge rip off, but if you must, ask for the nyu discount!
I get breakfast here almost every morning. Good sandwiches but pricey. Everything in Union Square is pricey so scratch that.
Worst. Bagels. Ever!
Cinnamon Raisin Bagel was pretty good.....extremely large!
best bacon egg and cheese in the city
Salad and food bar. after 3pm, special is $5/lb.
Milkshake cupcake is a MUST HAVE. Chocolate and vanilla cupcake with a cookies-n-cream filling topped with chocolate and vanilla frosting! Pure Love!
Try the  Caramel Apple Cupcakes (via @Foodspotting)
99 cent iced coffee in the AM - any size!
Crumbs lives up to their reputation of being Crummy. Aesthetic design of a 4 year old. Truly great cupcakes can be found at 350 Classic Bakeshop in Rye, NY. You won't be disappointed.
Delish the brownie an cheesecake together
Love crumbs but at this store the employee was a rude fucktard. I wanted to shove my crumbs cupcake in his face.
The absolute best cupcake spot in the city. Get that Elvis Presley cupcake! TTMG puts a stamp on this spot for sure!
The cookies and cream cupcake is awesome!
If you live in NYU's dorms, this is a within-walking-distance must! Also, ask for a logo sticker; they're cute enough to be inspiration-board-worthy!
I love the classic chocolate frosting/yellow cake cupcake. And the red velvet. Can't go wrong! It's a tiny space, so expect to go takeout.
Try the red velvet or Oreo cupcakes.  If you are visiting the sampler makes a great gift to take back to friends & family.  Yummy!
Love this location it's my favorite,staff is nice and cozy seating in back you can cuddle and kiss which I did a lot of here on many afternoons but not anymore,since I got dumped two months ago...:)
Red velvet all the way.
Mmmmmmmm red velvet cupcake
The peanut butter cup is to DIE FOR
Try their Red Velvet Cupcakes
The lines are usually pretty short, so it's easy to dash in for a quick fix
The brownie cupcake, while it might not be the very prettiest, is the ABSOLUTE BEST!
Ginormous cupcakes, but a little too sweet for me.
Crumbs is amazing. I bought 2 boxes of the small cupcakes for my job. Devoured by co-workers in 15 mins
Overrated!!!!!  Seriously the service at this location sucks, and the cupcakes are unimpressive.  Baked by Melissa way better, just walk the other way.
OREO cupcake is a must, must, must! Reeses too! Okay, the red velvet as well!
Crumbs cupcakes are awesome! they have creative cupcake flavors. My fave cupcake is the red velvet one <333
My boyfriend knows the way to my heart and it's cupcakes
Crumbs cupcakes are a must-have when you're in the city!
Love them.
Squiggle: like a Hostess
the cupcakes are as big as your head!  grasshopper, mmm.
Amazing and awesome but if you have more than a few bites be prepared for a sugar coma nap. 1 is enough for 3 ppl.
Try the frosted black and white cookie.
I love pizza but follow me on Twitter @ounceaday. I follow Back
My first thoughts when I heard of this place was ew. I don't like artichokes... but I love artichoke dip. :) I have to say that this pizza is absolutely genius and delish. A must try in the WV.
Amazing pizza! Be sure to check out the crab pizza, if you are into those things.
Artichoke pizza it is. Just love love love. Im a regular so sometimes i order ahead for pick up to avoid the long line.
The Sicilian margherita is the best. The dough is pan fried before being made into a pie. It's seriously addictive.
It's good, not amazing. Margherita pizza is better than the crab and artichoke.
Slices are filling and big.  You may want to share if it's just a snack.
The artichoke pizza at the 14th location tastes better
Cheesy, crispy, thick, flavorful - New York pizza at its finest. Crab and artichoke pizza hits the spot after a night out.
Don't you dare get anything other than the artichoke pizza.
Good for grab and go, the 14th street one is slightly better.
Great if a pint of heavy cream on soggy bread for $5 is your idea of pizza.
Longest slices of Pizza! Period. Fsq checkin fetches a free fizz (love my alliteration) :) (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Having had some of the best pizzas back home in CA,I was a little skeptical,but this was decent. HUGE slices for the buck, best part-free can of soda when you 'check-in' on… (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The artichoke is mad good, but that's common knowledge.
Try the Meatball Pizza (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Artichoke Pizza (via @Foodspotting)
Yes, they honored the free soda pledge, and pizza delicious as well
Filling pizza. One slice does it. Heavy greasy, instant food coma. Try the Artichoke or the Crab- both awesome. Check in via foursquare and get a free soda! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Service is bad yo
Amazing pizza but no place to sit with your friends and talk about it. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Eat pizza.
Crack in pizza form.
Awesome artichoke pizza! Massive slices worth the price! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Thank heaven for Artichokes!!!!! <3
Bring $4 and an appetite for the roughly 2-slice piece of pizza at Artichoke B's. The margherita slice is a flavorful alternative to the signature slice, triple-cheese with artichokes.
go somewhere else. douchebags at the counter. horrendous on the phone.
Order ahead if your getting a whole pie... Busy would be an understatement for this place.
We're Famous in this place! treated like stars! Love Artichoke Basilles! You guys are the shit!
That artichoke pizza is ridiculous!!!
İt is a good place but foods dont come with rice or anything!foods are ok.
Really delicious! The paneer stuffed aloo were so flavorful, and the baghara baigan was a nice change from traditional punjabi baingan bharta.
Tunde Ke Kabab
Very attentive waiters. Soup-like chicken masala. Good goat with tender meat. amazing nan bread. Overall average indian food.
Butter paneer is the best in town !
New. Features largely kebabs and rice dishes. Taste: Kabab Peshkash(an assortment of your favorite kababs). Dum Biryani from Hyderabad, which is cooked using a sealed pot technique to maximize flavor
A new Indian restaurant great food vibe light and not spicy - good selection of tandoori's and curried dishes, nice modern atmosphere 'n' good throwback with the painter posters - nice touches of fun!
Great new restaurant in curry hill! Huge fan of the lamb kheema
Curry Hill!
J'ai adoré cet endroit. Un restaurant absolument adorable.
the food here is solid french bistro style, but holy hell never go here near the weekend it is loud disco bridge and tunnel vibes. weird and bad
Play pictionary while you wait for your food - you can color on the tables here! Great for brunch too.
The snails are great. As is the salmon pasta.
Sit at the bar. You will feel French in no time.
Omlette w/ salad, very civilized.
Agree that tuna tartare is AWESOME!
Scallops are a tastebud orgy
Hungry but don't want to fill up? The chicken paillard is tasty and light. Paired with a glass of house Chardonnay, you have the perfect lunch!
Slow service - French comfort food
Note that brunch is only on sat and sun
Ravioli is divine. Love the staff.
By "hanger" steak, they mean "sirloin." Come with floss!
Try the Parigot omelet - it was creamy, tasty, and one of the best omelettes. Also try their croque madame as it was salty and creamy on the inside with a delicious fried crust. And the 1/2 snails wer
Salmon pasta is great, but watch out for the service and make sure you have at least 90 minutes to kill!
Tuna tartare is just ridiculiscious!!! Come say hi to Catherine (owner). She treats you like family
$21 prix fix app, entree and wine any day of the week
Worst food in Soho!
Get the meurguez sandwich!
Their two-course prix fixe dinner at $16 ($19 with glass of wine) is a great bargain. Or, try the scallops provencale, merguez in baguette or duck a l'orange--yummy!
Gai Kua is very delicious! Get it get it
Premium food for a fraction of the price. Please don't forget to try the pad Thai or Thai iced tea!
next time ill ask them to dial up the spicy meter
Great little place. Love their pad thai, and their sweet and sour sauce is totally addictive!
Make sure you are clear as to what you want they won't accommodate or change your order.
The lunch specials are a good deal but if you're getting curry, get the regular. It's a dew bucks more and it's double the amount
Try the vegetable dumplings. They were awesome.
Get Thai ice tea or coffee with your meal. Only $1 during lunch!
the pad thai is amazing!
I love the Beef Cee Eiw and the Thai Iced Tea.  I usually get like 3 orders of the tea because it's so good.  lol!
Duck noodle soup on a snowy day...perfect
Ask for Frank or Dailo (Die - Low).
Panang curry with tofu is the best dish here.
Try the Chicken Noodle Soup and spot it on Foodspotting!
Best Thai in SoHo/NoLIta. My goto order is Sesame Chicken, Duck Curry, and Kee Mao Pork all three stars spicy.
Pad thai is actually spicy which is rare...chicken doesn't really have any flavor, though.
Get E2!
Vegetarian: check out the Rard Prik Vegetarian Duck
Yum massaman lunch special
Love garlic chicken there!
Very affordable and tastes good. The portions r good. Definitely try the squid salad!
Green curry with chicken is my fav, but other lunch specials are very delicious.
Food is awesssome small portions but worth it. Try the basic red curry w chicken
Food is excellent, fresh, inexpensive and fast. Try the lunch specials
Their food tastes alright but it made me pretty sick.
Eat some good stuff!
Chicken Tikka roll is not creamy (which I think is a good thing) , so it won't weigh you down when you go back to the office after lunch
This place reminds me of the good kathi rolls I would get in Pune, India. THIS PLACE IS LEGIT! Try the spinach and paneer roll. Also YES on the Bihari Kabab Kathi roll with egg!!
The lunch special - 2 rolls + soda for $10 really just means you're getting a free soda because each roll is $5.
Always fresh, always available and always yumm!! Any 2 rolls and a drink for under 10 bucks, cant beat that! Yes the lamb roll is super..cut them some slack, maybe they just do sometimes run out!
Good food, when they have it, bur always out of key items because "owner is cheap". I don't enjoy not getting what I craving and when it's a key menu item (lamb!) it's unacceptable. Can't recommend.
Bihari Kabab kathi roll with egg is by far my favorite. Try it out.
You can substitute Masala Chai for soda with the two Kathi Roll lunch.If you like that sort of thing.
All of the rolls are fantastic but the lamb (if they have it) is especially delicious.
Try the Mixed Berry Cake. It's to die for!
Serra maravilhosa Pacoti-CE na estrada de Guaramiranga para Pacoti!
Fidi's best kept secret! Garlic bread is a must!
Before 10:30 they have "seattle's best" in addition to starbucks. It tastes better than any version of s.b. I've ever had
Cupcake wine and banana bread pudding. Enough said.
Get the hippo special. It's amazing. Real African hippo sandwiches...probably illegal
Executive chef James London's Pastrami wings was inspired by the legendary pastrami at nearby Katz’s Deli, which he and his team visited after being stuck in the hotel following Superstorm Sandy.
The truffle popcorn and any chicken on the menu!
RSVP at 718 916 3690 // email us at rsvpspot@gmail.com to add your name to the guestlist.
Great food and an even better after party every Friday and Saturday. Text us 718 916 3690 to RSVP or email us at rsvpspot@gmail.com to get on the list.
Make sure to try the fresh cocktail it is amaziiing and super refreshing
Slow & poor service
The scallop nachos and Delux wild stripe bass were amazing. As was the pink bazooka. I was throughly impressed!
Clubby brunch
Michelle will hook u up with rum punch on Sundays reggae brunch!
Reggae Sunday's is popping for this who want to have run on Sunday.
Ask for Michelle - She's  awesome!
Go on a Sunday for Reggae Brunch - $30 Prix Fixe menu including 2 drinks. Try the rum punch & guava infused champagne.
Try the lobster bisque with truffle oil and white wine reduction.. And chunks of fresh lobster. Heavenly!
Mac and cheese is out of this world along with truffle fries.
Omgahhhhhhh truffle popcorn. YOU can ask for more !!
Pink Bazooka and Berries and Cream are a MUST
Even Canadians will appreciate the poutine. It's surprisingly light, considering it consists of tater tots topped with gravy and cheese curds.
www.partywithmoms.com
Black cod butter lettuce. Amazing
I left my credit card here one night and came back to get it and the guy working was a total ass. Not going back!
Don't miss the sliders
order the lobster shots!!! yum
Dessert menu is not to be avoided after your meal.  Go simple, try the bread pudding and homemade ice cream sandwiches!
Try the Hitachino ginger beer.
Food is great but the service is sub-par. I've had better service at a gas station! Nothing will get me to come back here.
The Brunch here is great. Everything is to share, but that doesn't mean your have to. :-D
Get the db special
The creme brulee dessert is hands down the best creme brulee youve ever had!
Beyond over-hyped: lackluster food and snarky, inept service will cost you an arm, a leg and your dignity.
Amazing for Any size event! Looking to book an Event then give us a Call: 212-685-4354
The Falafel Shop storefront. Link to Menu Board
Try the Sabich Pita Pocket, delicious and filling. Nothing else like it in the neighborhood!
Get the greydog breakfast. It's dope shit. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Pig fat on noodles? Trademark ingredient in home cooking. Don't be disturbed, it makes everything taste infinitely better.
Try the water, seriously it's delicious.
This place definitely needs more staff.  Incredibly slow service.  Pad Thai is spicy but it masks all the other flavors in authentic Pad Thai.  My Kuaytiaw Khua Kai was burnt.
Even if you're not vegan, unless you love things that reek and taste of fish, get the vegan one. Wrap it in egg omelet ($2) if you really miss the egg.
The chili powder is actually quite spicy. Adding a few teaspoons to your Pad Thai yields mouth melting levels of burn.
Phat thai with pork and shrimp is delicious!
Do these people hate money? Why the heck did they take the wings off of the menu?!
Tragedy: No more epic wings! They now only serve Pad Thai :(
NO MORE WINGS! They took them off the menu last month.
No more wings :( they just changed their menu in September
I miss the wings.
These hound-endorsed wings, a Vietnamese-style import from the original Pok Pok in Portland, Oregon, are sweet, sticky, and seasoned with fish sauce and garlic.
This place is no longer Pok Pok Wing, it's now Pok Pok Phat Thai. Saw so many people walk in only to find out the bad news.
Pad thai just like in Thailand, not too sweet like in most other Thai restaurants here!
So sad:( the menu has changed. No more delicious wings or mango salad dish. Mostly pad Thai dishes.
What?!? No more wings...
No more wings ...
Get the spicy wings but mild papaya salad! Jasmine rice in a bag makes me feel like I'm back in Thailand!
6 Ikes wings to go on your way home from work is a perfect treat on your couch. Spicy is perfect- pickled veggies alleviate the kick- kick is worth it
Although a little pricey, we guarantee that these wings are worth every penny and you'll be licking the marinade off your fingers by the time you're done. Warning: the space is TINY so get it to go!
Thai style chicken wings. Don't forget to order the papaya salad (som tum) as well. Spicy and truly authentic.
amazing wings, we need one in LA
Great thai food. The som tam is legit. Drink the free pandan water... Tastes like south east Asia.
Try the Ike's Wings - Expensive but very good! (via @Foodspotting)
Don't sleep on the drinking vinegars: sparkling, sweet & sour, and totally refreshing. I like honey.
Ike's Wings are legit!
Spicy wings are crazy addictive!
Ike's Wings are perfectly crispy, with an extraordinary balance of sweet and spiciness. No order is complete without the vinegars. On your second visit, ask for the Khao Man Som Tam.
Order everything on the small menu and finish it off with a drinking vinegar, available in flavors like tamarind, honey, apple and pomegranate:
Epic wings.  Garlicky salty deliciousness.
Great little place. Good food, check out the bathroom. Also, and more importantly: $3 corkage fee.
Found a Hair on my food and the waitress said "oh really?...." Don't say I didn't warn you all...
cheap. yummy pad thai.
They take Visa and Mastercard fyi.
There food is amazing and affordable. It's a cute and small place so get there early. There Thai iced tea is the best I have tried and I loved my dish. It was the juggle spicy currie with tofu. Yum!
Definitely check out the stealth jungle bathroom sink!
Decent thai. Cash only
Try the Gai Kra Pow chicken dish
The Stuffed chicken wings are the business.
My favorite, but in the winter get the table tucked by wall to avoid the door draft.
Don't get the special w the restaurants name in it. Just overcooked dry chicken over lettuce from a Dole bag.
The Crab Rangoon has innards consisting of a mildly spicy, creamy yellow curry cabbage. It's delicious, especially when paired with the sweet and (red pepper) spicy sauce.
$9 special is an amazingly good deal.. I do believe they now have a beer and wine license
So far it's the best Thai lunch place in the neighborhood
Best lunch deal in the area. Green curry and pad se ew are favorites
$9 lunch includes: drink, app,  salad, and main... Awesome deal!
Get the original pad Thai or the se ew pad Thai! To DIE for!
lunch special is special
Pad se ew is heavenly!!
Fillet of sole was yummmz!
decent pad thai  they have beer and wine now.cute monday night place for a cheap and cheerful dine
the best duck noodle in town!
Good news: it's not BYOB anymore!
They serve wine and beer
Srirachi fried rice, or bust
simple and clean curries to write home about...the "thai tea" is scrumptious..
The best Pad thai in New York!!!! NO banana sticky rice
Bland and flavorless. They didn't make the dishes for the Asian connoisseur.
Love the Chalee Drunken Noodles and Noodleless Pad Thai.
Crab Rangoons are an absolute must.
The Grilled Calamari is a must! Oh and don't forget to bring your bottle of wine :)
Pad Charlie is pretty good here.
Try the Tom Kha Kai and spot it on Foodspotting!
The lunch special includes a side salad (in addition to your app and main) with peanut dressing so delicious and it makes the $9 an even better deal!
Really good thai food!! :)
You MUST get the short rib noodle.
Great lunch special!
The Thai food here is delicious and the restaurant is BYOB. Pick up a bottle at nearby Il Vigne and enjoy it here with your meal.
Fantastic Thai at a great price. Try the calamari appetizer, it's grilled, not breaded. Incredible flavors, colors and portions. Highly recommended, an uncrowded village secret
You can't go wrong with this spot
Get the morir soñando - it's like a creamsicle milkshake!  Also, they make a damn good Cuban sandwich
After the cast of 'How To Make it in America' began eating here between takes, the restaurant was soon transformed into a filming location. Find out more:
Best Dominican & Cuban food...
Tres leches is sublime
Baked chicken was mehhhh
Great place for Slow Carb Dieters. 4 hour Body. But choose, choose wisely.
Sit at the counter for best service.
Cubano sandwich
Homemade beef stew with rice and beans for $6? Sure
Back of the menu has great combination plates.
One of the only spots in Manhattan to get a real Cuban sandwich
Mofongo. Yes.
Try the Baked Chicken and spot it on Foodspotting!
Order a nice chilled glass of red wine. Refreshing! :-|
Try the sirloin well done with a side order of tostones and a batida to wash it down with.
Use your Amex card for a $5 discount off $10 spent. If it works. Mine 'failed to process.'
Seem friendly but their heat was cranked too high and some of the scents are a bit strong; but, if soap floats your boat, you'll probably enjoy...
The cucumber scented soap is heaven.
Fish rice dish is flavorful times 10!
Order kaiseki style. Amazingly beautiful     presentation of food
Michelin 2012 ★
Have you forgotten about little, lovely, romantic (and pricey) Rosanjin in Tribeca? Don't. The Kaiseki course is the thing with Sake to clear your mind
Order one of the kaiseki (Japanese banquet) style set courses and sit back for some excellent, authentic Japanese food--most of which you'd never see on a menu. Excellent service.
One Michelin star.
Simply, quiet, elegant spot. Ask for a short menu of small Kaiseki dishes..and drink the sake special
I got the mac and cheese and the mixed green salad. DELICIOUS. For tea in the neighborhood I prefer Bosie, but this is a nice alternative. Props for their paper bag light fixtures.
The Mac and Pesto, while quite good, was a complete salt bomb! Avoid if you feel like tasting anything for the rest of the night.
Boba tea comes in a fancy glass. Get the standard green tea boba. YUM!
This place is woo! Happy hour before 6 - everything $7 for $5
Literally the best playlist I have heard in a business.
No wifi?? And expensive!
Nutella Cheesecake & Passion Fruit Mint Cocktail. Amazing.
Downstairs becomes a dark cave and they don't want you working there after 5pm
Seems every time I come here it's raining outside, but this place is a wonderful refuge no matter what the weather. Wide selection of teas, wifi, and cozy atmosphere for weekdays or weekends.
Great place to get work done!  Free wifi, big selection of tea and wine, good music!
This place got so much more upscale since I used to go here in college to study.. But i still like going here for tea (and cocktails) (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Small, cute place. Good selection of teas. Kind of pricy though. (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
tired of studying at NYU? went to the Think cafe and it was full? Found peace, tea and nice music here? me too :)
so glad that my sister had brought me here! sometimes i wish i know a similar place here in Istanbul, it was so cozy:))
If a very nice and good-looking guy greets you at the entrance of the Wine Spot but you didn't hear him because you're an idiot, smile, and don't follow my mistake because you're also an idiot.
This place was much better when it wasn't table service. Now it's dark and not very inviting.
The table at the far corner of the upper room is great but it was terribly cold there because of the working AC right above it
If you come here, don't plan to stay. Students spread their books out and there's no where for regular customers to sit
Considering a bubble tea is close to $8... They should really shape up the negative attitude the staff has. It's deplorable.
Beware the free and unsecured wifi...
Earl grey de la creme
Go to Tea Spot and get the a pot of the Peppermint Tea, chill with the free wi-fi and get some work done
They offer wine classes in their cellar - kinda awesome!
love, love, love tea spot. very cozy.
Almond cookie tea with milk is just delicious. For th record, I'm more of a coffee guy.
Order the coke zero. You won't regret it.
Good spot to set up a laptop. Most areas have outlets to plugin and the wifi has been upgraded (so says the sign on the door)
Great deal on panini + tea!
Work there for over three hours.
Free wifi and a few outlets. Good selection of traditional and flavored teas. <3 coconut cream green tea
Stumbled into this cozy place with very friendly service. Check out the Flamenco show Sundays @7.
We saw a mouse running on the kitchen counters.
$5 Sangrias all summer long! Great service, good food.
Made In The USA wine flight is just right for California wine fans.
Bottle of house red. Can't go wrong.
perfect lil' spot!
Such a cute place! You can actually hear each other talk. $10 glasses of wine $5 tapas $5 beers. Bartender will even play your ipod music. 
Adorable spot with delicious sangria. Also great $5 drink AND food specials
Inappropriate music! What are they thinking? So nice inside otherwise - a shame! Liked it otherwise.
A cozy and romantic spot. The wine samplers are great for trying a wine before getting a full glass. Daniella is a great server, ask for recommendations.
A cozy and romantic spot. The wine samplers are great for trying a wine before getting a full glass. Daniella is a great server, ask for recommendations.
They even have hot chocolate.
Great service... Good people ... Friendly envirorment ... Meet the executive chef Walter ... Great person to talk to
Outrageous prices. I mean, downright absurd. Skip it, or go before 6pm when it is the "tea spot".
Baked eggs for brunch..AMAZING!
Half price bottles of wine on mondays and Tuesdays.
We now have a full bar and delicious new fall menu!! Chef Lynn
Really delicious pizzas. And it's BYOB!
I highly recommend the Spaghetti Napoletano here.
Wonton mein is really good here, I get it to go all the time. Today I decided to try something different. Squid with xo sauce was really good, the rest I won't mention was standard Chinatown food.
This restaurant has an A rating from the sanitation dept.
This place is rather overpriced. The food was decent but the meals do not included rice...that has to be ordered on the side. I won't be coming back.
Food comes out in small portions. Not the cheapest. Mom thought the food was too sour or too salty. I liked the food, but won't be trying to scout this place out again.
Try chicken in ginger sauce.
I felt like this place is more for tourists. Food is definitely overpriced, especially the dim sum. I would not come here again.
Not entirely sure what the name is all about. Mott St. Sure. What's the ending mean? Bazaar? I don't see it. Oh and I guess the food is alright.
Get the Tiger Roll for dessert!
Good service. Great place for lunch. Their bakery is good but their dishes and lunch specials are the best.
One of the few bakeries in Chinatown open after 9pm.
It's a bakery and a restaurant in one! Bubble tea and Hong Kong style dishes. It's very basic and not fancy.
Decent HK style food. Baked rice dishes are good and the tea drinks are excellent.
supercute, decent veggie curry rice, very good sweet or savory buns and lots of drinks options including fresh juice, shakes and bubble teas. very nice place to relax a bit in chinatown.
Too $ 20 a person not again. But good fish.
Baked dishes are great and fast
Take home a 6-pack of steamed pork buns.  They microwave surprisingly well.
i am addicted to the tuna melts
The waiter we had was rude. I asked him for coffee twice and had to ask someone else in order to get it. He also said the "weekend only" brunch items are STRICTLY for weekends. Okay pal, take it easy.
good prices, friendly staff, spacious seating
Don't get the tuna steak. Absolutely flavorless.
The waitress feels me so uncomfortable! She is so slow! Soooo slow!
Some of the best French sauce pasta in the East Village! Anything with the lobster sauce is AMAzing. Great dessert too.
The Cubano sandwich is always a goodie. Oh and a warning to you macchiato lovers: this is like an expresso, not a Starbucks style drink.
Always genuine and great
The servers here aren't given a base pay. Illegal, so please make sure you tip your waitress
Lamb burger was overcooked and very dry, but had interesting flavor. The cubano sandwich was awesome though!
I went with a living social coupon , great little place for lunch nice pasta and such, not slow  service  it took 5 mn at most  give it. Try!!
Best French toast of your life. Get it with the fruit.
Average food and inexperienced staff. Not recommended.
Great food/price. Terrible service... Plan on waiting awhile before they even take your drink order
Order the sangria on a sunny day and sit outside
Go to Angelina Cafe and eat a steak sandwich.
get the spicy tiger shrimp linguini. yum.
try the chicken teriyaki chicken salad
Enchilada trio is the way to go here.
if they ask you if you want a 'combo'; it means you get a thing of rice + beans with your taco's
It's just not good.
Chicken was dry and such a disappointment :-(
Love love love their Horchata
Be prepared to pay before you eat at Oaxaca, or this hole-in-the-wall taqueria won't serve you a meal. I walked.
Everything I've had here has been good. Love the simple menu. And I'm from San Diego and grew up visiting Mexico frequently, so I know my Mexican!
Fish tacos are the thing to get here.
Carnitas tacos, chicken quesadilla and Elote! Finally, actually good Mexican in the West Village, or Manhattan for that matter!
Muy delicioso!! These tacos will not let you down. Great taco happy hour special M-F 4-7!!! Ay papi!
So slooow but hot lady works here
They make everything in house. Everything. Which is why it's so damn good. Great addition to the hood!
They have shut down their establishment :(
BUN SOHO got a health rating of A with 7 points.  Download the nyc health ratings android app to view and share restaurants on FourSquare http://nychealthratings.com/r/8844
The 8-course lunch advertised outside is no longer served, so pure bait-and-switch. The signature Bún Mêkông is thin & bland. On the plus side: free wifi.
Vietnamese cuisine blends the 5,000 year history of East Asia with its more recent French colonialist past for flavors that are as broad as the far stretches of its cultural influences.
Try the bun chicken (#48 on menu) and order it spicy.
Get 10% off here with the DailyGobble mobile app!
Try the Duck Confit. Pancake, overeasy egg, and duck- quite the interesting combination, for an interestingly delicious plate.
Definitely stop by for lunch for the 8 dish special.  A great sampling of dishes (including the pho!) and for only $13.99!
Chicken wings are great-very tasty & crispy!!
make sure you try the Vietnamese coffee, hot.
Shrimp Bun (grilled shrimp comes with delicious little slabs of Berkshire pork belly but is heavy on the carrots, cucumber and salad lettuce). Healthy but you won't notice because it's so good!
Bun Bo Hue is perfect. Get also some lotus flower or jasmine tee, it's cool to watch the flower  slowly open.
make sure to order a few courses that include pho. If you don't, you won't be full.
Got food poisoning. Don't eat here.
The best value is the lunch special: two sushi rolls with a salad and soup for under ten bucks. Quality!
Really nice sushi. Especially with eel.
Far from the best sushi in soho and they're the biggest cheapskates.
Order the American Dream roll. Bomb!
The black pepper roll is perfect.
The bento box special for lunch is only $8.50 and it's quite good!
Pretty darn good!  Sushi was substantial & fresh.  Service coulda been better but eh whatever.
I'm really partial to this sushi!  Try it out when in SoHo.  Small, fairly priced, and oishi
One of the best sushi in soho!
fish delivery every day
Everyone should try Penne Arrabiata. It's delicious and the price is good
The Penne with Olive Oil is FABULOUS!
Marchez encore un peu et allez voir ailleurs
Try the 1 1/2 lbs Whole Maine Lobster - I did not know it was going to be this big of a dish. But yet it was still good (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Coconut Martini - Love anything with coconut (via @Foodspotting)
Excelente, si sos argentino o italiano vas a estar como en casa. Muy buenos precios y la comida de primera.
One of the best pasta sorrentina I've had
Their moscato is great! Not too sweet and not too "grape-juice" like
super bad food :( even on ladies night its not worth it to come.the drinks taste so cheap you can get sick after.fried calamari's tasteless & chewy,mussel's not fresh,fried mozzarella's greasy,avoid!!
Try the Penne Con Broccoli - #vegan (via @Foodspotting)
Trap! Bad food, bad service.
Worst service I have ever seen
Very nice Gnocchi, pay w Amex and get $ back
Beware of your bill! They charge you with a 20% of your total as a Service Charge. Food ok, but service is poor.
Try the Chicken Marsala!!
The margherita pizza was amazing!  It's on the appetizer list but get it as a single meal. :)
Try finding a space where it is quiet, then you can enjoy your own food and not others around you
They didnt honor the foursquare deal!
Service was Very slow.
Grotta Azzurra177 Mulberry St (btwn Broome & Grand), New York, NY 10013
Try the gnocchi in Gorgonzola sauce with walnuts. Awesome!
Ladies night Thursday! Two free appetizers for each lady and half price drinks! It's for real :)
Two thumbs down. I really wanted to like it. Id rather watch my money burn. Don't get seafood. Everything else is probably okay. Our whole meal wasToo Salty! :(
Love this place!
two course prix fixe lunch M-F for only $9.95. pick your pasta + entree. baller.
Don't get the Mozzarella Spedini! It comes rolled in bread and deep fried, it's greasier than hell
Food OK, but the 20% service charge is not reflected in any of the service they provide, like the $30 dlls house wine, warm bread served only once, or just 2 waitersfor the whole restaurant. Don't go.
Risotto con salmon in a butter white wine sauce. Do it!
Delicious food dont listen to others
From monday to friday special lunch, one pasta dish + one entree 9.95$
Try the French Onion Soup!
You'll love their dinner for two… but nothing beats a larger dinner… the more people the merrier!
Tons of international treats.
Great market...Erica is the best...
Cheapest bubble tea you'll find in chinatown! So many flavors too! Bubble tea is $2, smoothies r $2.50 & fresh fruit drinks r $2.75! Amazing!!!
Great and cheaply priced bubble teas. Breakfast sandwiches r great too!
Bubble Tea!
sadly sweetheart has closed
Coffee is decent and the sweets are goooooooood. Red velvet cupcake FTW!
Even the biscottis are good...
Great Argentine bakery w itty bitty sit-down cafe. The go-to place for empanadas on the westside.
Everything is SO GOOD. Daniel, Marco and Luis are the best!!!
They have chocolate chip cookies with Oreos baked into them... And delicious brownies. Stop in.
LOVE their steak. They cook it to perfection! And their Kale salad is fantastic!
Really cute and cosy spot with a nicely worn look and feel. Lunch menu entrees for $15 and under. Small but filling. Poached salmon infused with herbs. Yum!
Great bloody Mary!
They have bacon-infused Bloody Marys!
Crab dip and Ritz crackers are a must! Also, very good chocolate chip cookies.
Ask fora table upstairs.
Amazing kale salad.  And the best crispy potatoes come with the delicious hanger steak!
Really cool bar upstairs. Only had the schnozzberry juice which sounded better than it was. But the place is very chill. Would definitely come back.
Cute townhouse with many cozy, dim lit spots for sipping and eating. Burrata with Proscuitto, steak, fish, and the banana peanut butter cake for dessert.
Chicken club is always a winner.
scallops are amazing, like actually melt in your mouth and delicious.
Great Service!! Love the crispy potatoes
Don't leave without having the Turkey chili!
Really pretty shabby chic spot but the food doesn't deliver.  Bland pork chops and weird service. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
If you order the beet salad be sure to share. It's delicious and huge.
Avoid the crab dip appetizer.
Amazing pancakes with bananas and Bacon! Super cute place. The Brushetta was not anything special though...
Tiny's and the Bar Upstairs135 W. Broadway (between Duane St & Thomas St), New York, 10013
Its such a shame that The hostess at the Door is so rude. It can of ruin your experience! Food is great.
Burrata is a little oily but awesome. Maybe ask for a little more mint. Yumm!!!!
Run by the Warren 77 guys, great date spot
burrata.  duck. wow.
The pumpkin is delish!
Great food, and no extra charge for the rude hostess!
Adorable little spot. Scallops in carrot glaze = on point!
Nate is the man
The hake is divine. The music was loud (in a good way) and great. Service okay but forgivable. Really good time.
Unwrapping New York City’s Secret Dining Spots http://exm.nr/ocume7
hake is beautiful and you can't go wrong with any of the sides. also try the burger from bar menu.
try the crunchy goat cheese & beet salad. delicious little baby purple and yellow beets and light dressing! also baby frosted animal crackers with your check!
Bklyn has come to NYC.
Very good pizza that you can experience without having to go all the way to Coney Island.
Get the half white half margherita pie
Saturdays, do the large pizza & pitcher special for $28.  (Or do shakes for $26)
Sweet sausage and broccoli-yum!
Marg pizza is all you need!
Best $1 pizza in nyc! Never been disappointed.
While they say they are open 24 hours, they are in fact, NOT.
$2.75 for two plain cheese slices and a soda.
$1 Pizza is saucy and cheeezy. Damn good.
Saw two cockroaches crawling on the wall while eating. No thank you.
Get the Minca ramen, surprisingly I prefer the one without soy sauce. Gyozas are homemade and very good as well. Cash only!
Shoyu pork broth with wavy noodle. Get it.
Ramen quality is almost as good as Ippudo, without the 2+ hour wait.
If you like a bowl that packs a flavor punch, tiny tucked-away Minca is for you. Broth so meaty it's creamy. If these noodles can't fill you up, nothing will. Get sides of kimchi and daikon salad too.
Great substitute for Toto or Ippudo, minus the wait.
Get the spicy basic ramen with extra pork.
open late which is cool.
Come Early, Come Often!
Perfect lazy Sunday dinner spot. Sit in the cozy window side high chairs and you'll barely have to lift your spoon. Happy slurping!
Spicy miso ramen is a must..
Love their shoyu ramen chicken/ pork broth. Also, this is the same owner as kambi..on 14th and 1st. Exact same menu...
Toroniku ramen was great!  Reminds me of Keika's Tah-roh men located in Shinjuku, if you know what I mean.  I'm pure Japanese, so take my word for it :-)
Extra noodles, son.
Try Minca Sio it was YUMMEH
Unless they gave me the wrong order, the thick noodles are not thick :( And they only accept cash.
Tip on Radish Salad : "Yummmm!".
Ramen on my list
spicy miso!
Tonkotsu ramen
We tried ippudo, toto and the spicy Ramen at Minca is still our favorite in NYC
definitely get the spicy miso ramen!! the pork melts in your mouth and the soup broth is deliciously rich. best dish of the restaurant!
Spicy ramens actually live up to their description. Everything was very tasty!
you can choose b/t pork or chicken for the ramen topping. afterwards, go to ace bar to play some skee-ball.
If you love their pork get the charshu ramen.
Get the Minca ramen, with soy broth, tea-boiled egg, kelp, and thin noodles.
RS says: Try the Minca Ramen. "five types of noodles, multiple broth options, and comparatively low prices. The signature bowl features a powerful soy broth, tea-boiled egg, kelp, and thin noodles."
Shoyu Charsu all the way every day.
Don't get the hype. Ippudo is obviously best. Kuboya is better. Minca made me sick all of the following day and I am known for my iron belly.
Spicy miso ramen and Kimchi! Done and done.
Come to Noodlepalooza tomorrow ready to eat oodles and oodles of noodles! Check out this fun food fest in the Winter Garden, at the World Financial Center from 11am - 2pm  http://conta.cc/QAfeXW
Only thing missing is fries
Double cheeseburger or fully dressed dog. Or both.
NY Classical Theatre returns to the World Financial Center with Playing Molière, a free production of three one-act comedies by the French playwright. 2/21 - 3/11, Tuesday - Sunday at 7pm.
They opened a shake shack near by but I don't care! Quality Burger > Shake Shack!  I SAID IT!
Salmon burger is a great choice!  Line is a little hectic but worth it.
If you just want a shake, go up to the "beer only" cash register
The longest line but also extremely fast and efficient.
They can make a double quality burger!! And for a low cal option try a quality burger between 2 slices of lettuce- still very tasty!!
This place is truly special.
Best sake in town
Hey, check out our website, http://www.satsko.com/announcement.html for our DimSum Sunday menu.  October 14th. 2pm to midnight.  You'll love it!
Try our new Dim Sum Sunday Brunch.
Sick of seeing Kale salads everywhere? Well you haven't had the Kale Octopus Salad! It's citrusy and delicious!
Today's special Zaru soba
Never trust a foursquare tip from a guy who spells it "saki"
Wednesdays here are the best!
Its fricking chilly tonight. Come in for hot sake, why don't you?
Try our Sony lemonade with a splash of prosecco... Wow!
Watermelon pork belly salad...yum
Taste our yummy new menu.
Taste our new yummy menu items.
Try our yummy new menu items.http://www.satsko.com/food-menu.html
Try our yummy new menu items. http://www.satsko.com/food-menu.html
Try the veal
Try the sake!
Favorite neighborhood watering hole. Drink sake. Satsko is usually there cooking food. It's good. Curry chicken.
sake bombs in the east village? say no more, I'm in!
Used to be a favorite. Downhill recently, shit service, comical actually. Food is still great though.
Try the Drunken Whale Saki - Saki in a box! Thanks for the tip @biancarocksout!  (via @Foodspotting)
Have the Hitachino Real Ginger Brew if they have it, if not go for a sake bomb ;-)
If you want an awesome time,come here. Sake bombs are phenom! Plus the music is always great. Memories right here.
Mondays for the HOOKEMON!
Fave bar and hot Asian girls
house sake is from Berkeley, CA
Give me the tuna roll wrapped in rice paper, some squid jerky, sake, and I'm a happy camper. Cute date spot.
Oh. My favorite chicken curry!
Try strawberry mint daiquiri...
LOVE it here. If you are trying to decide on a place choose this. Great sake, people and food!
Fast, friendly, full-service, open from early morning to late at night. Breakfast sandwiches & pastries in the morning, try the lamb and rice for lunch or dinner. Hot and iced coffee available.
Shrimp shumai is usually my favorite dim sum item... But at Kings Seafood, they are packed with delicious flavor!!
There chicken cutlet sandwiches are the bomb!!!
2 eggs with cheese and a coffee for $2.55. Great deal.
Feel the Holland Tunnel rumble below your feet as you stand in line at the cashier.
I recommend the whole wheat spinach tofu empanada.
Try the seafood empanada!
Great Lavazza coffee and espresso!
Ask Clive how he built Jen Cafe. Amazing story.
Try the pumpkin muffin and a handmade cappuccino.
If anyone knows why they removed "Modern Greek" from the menu, LMK. it was my fave!
For 1 week we have set up a free iphone 5 giveaway http://only4free.com/
I could eat a salad with Mexican Green Goddess dressing everyday.
Get the Steakhouse Salad with the chipotle vinaigrette!
Leaves and meat are about the same price here
Best spot in town if you like salad and lines.
Readers' Poll winner of The Village Voice Best of NYC 2012 Best Salad!
I love waiting in line for salad!!!!
Santa Fe w/ Black beans. Seriously the best salad you will ever eat.
Go before 1pm, otherwise you will end up waiting for over 20 mins. Thankfully, this particular Chop't has many salad-choppers/prep people so your wait won't ever  be too long.
Steakhouse signature salad 
Order online for pickup to skip the huge line between noon and 2pm.
Do yourself a favor. Turn around, cross the street, go to Schnippers and eat a way better salad for way cheaper $$.
Don't come after the lunch rush. One guy choppin salads and 12 cleaning.
If you want to spend $14 to eat like a grazing cow this place is perfect.
Getting dangerously addicted to the Austin Food Truck Cobb.
Order online and you'll never wait in that huge line.
Modern Greek with lemon tahini dressing. Tasty!
Ask for the dressing on the side so you can manage the amount on each bite.
Order online and pick up your order, you can skip the crazy lunch line!
Get a loyalty punch card.
po'boy and palm beach shrimp. can't go wrong
The #1 is what everyone comes here for, but if you're like me and just want good slices of beef in your Pho - no extra pieces you cant identify floating around - #9 is the way to go!
You must order the shrimp summer roll.
#27 banh cuon cha lua is SAD
Great hangover cure - the pho. Ask to have the beef on the side so it doesn't overcook.
Great Pho, but the vegetable dumplings are truly special as well. Homemade and perfectly pan fried.
Great food at great prices. #3 pho at the smaller size is only $6 and plenty filling
Overrated 
Found out the hard way that this is the only place to get avocado milkshakes in the city.
A pho place that takes credit card?! Unheard of. I'm in.
Love the #3... with a little mint, a little bean sprout, and a couple drops of citrus acid.  Mmmm
That awkward moment when you try to order in Vietnamese but they only speak Chinese.
I like the #1 and #9 best.
Vegetarian pho!
Pho with rare beef and tendon! Yes!
This restaurant is participating  in Chinatown Restaurant Week Mar 9 -18. Have a look at the $18.88 pp menu.
The spicy salt and pepper squid is shockingly good. As is anything involving pork. You'll have to forgive the soundtrack though.
Amazing food! I totally recommend the grilled chicken noodles . Plus the waiters are friendly and welcoming.
Good but there is better
Get the grilled chicken over rice and a order of spring rolls.
pho pho pho yummy pho!
Get #17 Pho Bo Lui!!
Chicken pho and summer rolls wrapped in lettuce w/ mint. Perfect winter chill remedy.
Tired of American style brunch? Take a trip to the far east instead!!
Don't worry about what to get here; its all good.
My quest might be over - one of the best Vietnamese places I've been to in the city.
Wow!! The Pho sucks!!!!! I need a toothbrush to wash this filth away.
Its pronounced 'Ching-Dow'. (Tsingtao)
#1 is super great - large Pho with everything beef. Vermicelli with chicken is also yum. Nice hangout inside, has air con for summer which is always a bonus
Ask for the pho king noodles, the best in Chinatown. It is an off the menu dish.
Gotta have the fried crab wontons!
Tea and two fresh baked pastries for $2!
What horrible customer service
Custom birthday cakes, 12 bucks!!
Prices keep going up; bagel quality static.
Don't pay until you get your order. Several times they have forgotten my order, but because I pay beforehand, I can't leave.
Unless your order is very simple, expect them to get it wrong. Bacon egg and cheese, fine. Want them to toast AND butter that bagel... Good luck. You want swiss, not American? Repeat yourself OFTEN.
Best Black and White Cookies in City!
They are always out of muffins I want and same with smoothies.
I work in the area & usually get my salad here. For $9, it can be pricey but you can put anything or everything in it.
Rarely is my Seamless Web order right... They love forgetting extras (eg, cheese) that you pay for.
Second time in a week they are out of nova lox. What's next? No bagels?
They remodeled...and raised their prices!
$10 for a bagel and tuna fish. It's good, but not that good.
Might have to take out a second mortgage to eat here every day LOL
Extremely overpriced... and the new construction makes the line longer and the wait ungodly..
Whole wheat everything bagel is delish.
low fat veggie cream cheese on an everything bagel slammin
it's all about balance and this place gets it right. get a sandwich and the ratio of "stuff" to bagel is right on.
The straws suck.. Beware.
Order bagels for the kids.
Order their bagels early in the morning when they are super fresh(!) Enjoy the low-fat chicken salad or the Kosher salami. Ask them to go easy on the cream cheese. Take advantage of delivery service!
Nice bagel options - pick it up here and eat at the more interesting WFC (in the winter) or on the marina (in the summer)
Very overpriced
Poor service. Mediocre food. One restroom (with a long line).. Chips were good, though.
Mediocre food, but can't beat their $3 frozen margaritas during happy hours.
Service sucks. Food OK. Drinks are the best part.
Try the margarita with the Corona smashed into it.
My waiter Jose was awesome, great service and very attentive. The guacamole was ok, not the best I've had. The margaritas were tasty and the taco salad I ate was huge and yummy.
The only perk of this place is their cheap margaritas. Other than that it's a pass. It's dirty and the service is slower than molasses.
Quesadilla Papritas is delicious!
Get drunk. You killed it today and you deserve it.
The burritos are massive and delicious. Always have a margarita, get the medium.
The Breakfast Burrito is real good! And I really love their guacamole -> con mucho cilantro :)
Keep an eye out for the chicken and pesto burrito special. Sooooooo good!
Here's a tip:  go here and give them all your money, because they are great.     Pet friendly.
Delicious and cheap frozen raspberry margaritas and if you order them at the bar, you get free chips and salsa.
The host this Saturday was so hot. Buy I didn't get to see her again done wee got sat right away.
Horrible service at Sunday brunch. Had to beg for drinks and for the check.
Before you take a seat wipe other people's food off the seat. You don't want shredded chicken on your butt, girl!
Tasty food, and cheap prices. Loved the salsa.
Eat vegan when you are here!!  It is so easy.  Non dairy burrito!!
Vegan nachos todos with a large margarita can't be beat.
$14 for shitty burritos!?!?!# fuck this place. Go anywhere else for food.
Even though they 86'd the 3-grain burrito, it's still a great place.
Unfriendly service, very expensive burrito. Tasty food though.
If you came here to eat, don't. Just grab a drink and grub elsewhere.
Just a huge fan of the Huevos de Puebla...
Free chips and salsa at the bar.
Great place to watch the Yankee game (although Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights are busy, as expected). Sit at the bar and talk with Al about the game and the team.
Cheap CalMex and beers: what's not to like?
Worst fish tacos I've ever had.
Never came to this one and now I know why... Super slow service.. Hostess eating while working
speak with Denise or Al behind the bar for all the good baseball chatter.
One of the best hamburgers in NYC!
I command you to get the cheese rangoon. Best I've had in the city.
Great food. Not so great service. Could be due to a dreaded Groupon run.
Udon Basil is amazing. Can't bring myself to order anything else!
big portions and low prices! yay!
Green curry is spicy and bangin'
$19 beer towers on Monday night
Go downstairs to the bar. Happy hour til 9. Buy one get one free!
IT IS IMPERATIVE YOU DO NOT EAT THE FOOD!
The scallops. Also, the chowder. And the bread pudding. Oh, and the duck pasta. All in all, you just really can't go wrong here.
3 feet below street level, worth going down j
ตัวอย่าง: เลือกโต๊ะในสวนหลังร้าน ลมเย็นๆ กลิ่นดอกไม้หอม สั่งกาแฟและอ่านหนังสือดีๆ นี่ก็เป็นสถานที่ชิลติดอันดับของระแวกนี้เลย
Highly recommend the sweet potato ravioli, duck papardelle, cod and homemade pistachio ice cream! Cozy spot for the perfect dinner date! Fireplace and all!
Beautiful intimate setting. Lovely place for proposals or engagement dinners. It was such an beautiful night there. The food and drinks were phenomenal!
Cloistered and perfect. Equal parts intimate and delicious.
Great "what's in a line?" quotes in the bathroom.
Try the scallops or sweet potato ravioli for appetizers
nice broccoli soup for a cold day! yum!
Get a table in the front room for a cosy intimate dinner. The scallops with polenta was divine
Can't miss the 50% dinner special Thru March 31, from 5 to 7 pm Mon-Thurs. Get the sweet potato ravioli!
Can't miss the 50% dinner special Thru March 31, from 5 to 7 pm Mon-Thurs. Get the sweet potato ravioli!
Can't miss the 50% dinner special Thru March 31, from 5 to 7 pm Mon-Thurs. Get the sweet potato ravioli!
Can't miss the 50% dinner special Thru March 31, from 5 to 7 pm Mon-Thurs. Get the sweet potato ravioli!
romantic, fireplace and great food. Perfect on a winter night
Breakfast club sounds great but is actually meh
Also, the atmosphere was cozy and autumnal, with a few random disco balls here and there (??). Great wine selection too
Pear tart with cinnamon ice cream was incredible! Loved the wild mushroom appetizer. Had salmon filet w/ couscous and asparagus entree. Friendly but not intrusive service, & everything was timed well.
Sweet potato ravioli was amazing.  Hanger steak was good with excellent flavor as well but a little chewy. Finished it with the pear tart which was the highlight of the meal!
Awesome place in the West Village! It's a seasonal menu - I went in the fall-  the sweet potato ravioli was perfection! I could have eaten it as an entree and been totally satisfied.
Get the cucumber bloody mary and the Sweet Potato Ravioli. TO DIE FOR!
Fantastic bar atmosphere and with Meghan as your bartender you can't lose.
Must try Scallops cooked In bacon
Wow. Try the scallops served with a port reduction.
The Pancakes are fantastic. Fruit and really tasty whip cream.  The Eggs Benedict are good too, but they use applewood bacon instead of Canadian..
Get all the apps. They are all unreal. The ravioli is the one
March. Everything half off and the duck pasta is not as great as it sounds
not the best but good try.. it stinks in there.
The meat is sweet and the spices are just right. Order ANY thing and bathe your tastebuds in YUM!
Sugar and butter!!
Delicious but slow as can be.
The music couldn't be worse. Nothing to do with France, just disco trash.
Excelente crêpe de mermelada de frambuesa y con trozos de berrys!
White Chocolate with Strawberries n bananas...  Delicious!!!!  If a Chinese gentleman is working the Crepe Station, during u'r visit, u'r in Luck. Makes it crispy, extra chocolate or the way u like.
Very good!  Beats typical fast food joints
Try the Nutella hot chocolate. Yum!
Bangin hot chocolate.
Have you tried our Nutella Hot Chocolate?
Both the sweet and savory crepes are equally delicious.
Like Vive la Crepe on Facebook at www.facebook.com/vivelacrepe now through Novemeber 4th to be entered to win 100 dollars of Free Crepes!
Like Vive la Crepe on Facebook at www.facebook.com/vivelacrepe to be entered to win 100$ of free crepes
Crepe size is generous .  Very crowded and hard to find the place to sit inside
Download our Mobile App for a Free Nutella Crepe with Purchase!
Nutella Crepe is delicious. Nutella taste like the real italian nutella, wonderful and sweet experience. A place to visit again and again
Nutella and Banana... *dies* SO GOOD!
Try the White Chocolate Dream - #crêpes #food #foodporn (via @Foodspotting)
Try the White Chocolate Strawberry Crepes  - This place makes the best crêpes ever. (via @Foodspotting)
The spinach, goat cheese, mushroom crepe is delicious and filling.  Don't overlook the wonders of the savory crepe!
It depends on who makes your crepes. We went there twice and ordered the same crepes. It turned out to be our first crepes were so stuffed (which we loved) and our second crepes were so skinny.
Perhaps *too* delicious--savory crepes are filling and sweet crepes are to die for. Pricey but worth it every once and a while. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Try the Proscitto, Raclette Cheese And Potato Crepe - Flaky, tasty crepe a bit on the sweet side.  Surprisingly filling - who has room for the dessert options?! (via @Foodspotting)
Very friendly staff. Tasty crêpes.
I love nutella (try the nutella hot chocolate!) but the sugar and butter crepe is my new favorite!
Nutella crepe with mixed berries! A great finishing touch after a great meal!
The crepes are OK, and it takes about three times as long to get one as it should.
The hot chocolate with Nutella is amazing!
First time I've ever had a crepe actually and it was delicious. Cute interior too. + great location :) (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
The tomato, mozzarella, and basil is good, but I love the smoked salmon.
savory and sweet crepes
Terrible bar.
Swim away!
Great place very friendly
Allison is awesome. Come here only for her!
Avoid.  Happy Hour is $4 Miller Light. Other beers on tap are what you'd find at an airport bar, but more expensive ($7).   UFC posters on the wall, so you know it's a gem.
A bit pricy, but worth every penny. Great booze & food along with awesome service:)
Rude waitresses
Buffalo chicken bites...do that
The Crab Cakes are slammin'!
Leave before sundown.
Perfect spot for sport viewing in SoHo..that's bout it
Wouldn't bother again -boring, overpriced, very average service.
used to be my favorite bar and then all good bartenders left. so sad.
This guy is here..........
If you are looking for a Bro-down spectacular with awful service, rip-off prices, and a cock-sucker doorman to match? YOUVE HIT THE FUCKIN LOTTO BRO!!!!!!
Don't order the buffalo bites... The chicken is tough and texture unappetizing.  Opt for the wings instead
Don't do the tower/keg thing it's a rip off...who the eff charges $60 for a small keg smh
Great bar to witness the #Linsanity. Projectors on every wall AND they turn the sound on so you can listen to the commentary too!
Watch a Knicks game!
Go one door over to Spring Lounge instead.
Beware of bones in the (cold) pulled pork.
This place plays terrible music.
Pointless, Shane quit
Shane is a very good bartender.
He'll yea Shane is freaking awesome!
OPEN BAR HOSTED BY BROBIBLE!! 7pm!
OPEN BAR!!!
Worst place to watch football I've ever been. They can't manage all of the games on at once.
Seamus -I mean Shane rocks!
Shane is the man.
Best place to start your day.
Enjoy the tunes while you wait for your beverage - sure to get you grooving.
Ask to see Robyn's ring. So sparkly. Congrats lady!
Order a cappuccino, stay for a crystal reading.
the homemade coconut soda is off the chains!!! - coconut purée with soda water
Get the mac and cheese with truffle gruyere
Truffle gruyere Mac and cheese is amazing as well as the lamb hot dog with cheddar jalapeño!
Get the mac n cheese... ridiculous.
Wondering what happened to the Kobe hot-dog...
NY Mag: Homemade sodas are really good.
Ehhhh mac and cheese is all hype....not that good.
Lamb Dog + Cheddar Jalapeño + Mac n Cheese = Heavenly Lunch
Good food, fast, friendly!
asparagus dog for vegetarians.
The lamb and mint yogurt hotdog is the best!
Try the gourmet hot dogs (oxy-moron?) here. We recommend the pork sausage with truffle gruyere sauce. http://www.delivery.com/menu/dogmatic
hot dogs and baguette. 'nuff said.
Sorry forgot to include a picture
Yummy. Hot Dog surrounded by bread (don't know the name of it) homemade soda with fruit purée IN the soda?? Refreshing. It's cute. Coming back soon.
Try the Lamb Hot Dog with Sundried Tomato Feta Sauce - So good! (via @Foodspotting)
Truffle Gruyere with lamb/pork..  Oh and the handmade sodas are the best!  Pomegranate or coconut
I got pork sausage with horseradish mustard. Yum!
Stick with the hot dogs. Burger is teeny and boring. Fries were stale. Soda tasted medicinal. Get lamb w mint yogurt or beef w horseradish.
Love the asparagus Dogmatic with jalapeño cheddar sauce... the fries are pretty insane too!
The Mac & Cheese is made with their Truffle Gruyere sauce. For 3.50, it's a great deal for truffle Mac in this city! Delish!!!
buyer beware! 4sq newbie special for soda was not honored because it was "out of date."
Lemon soda tasted like...beer.
Oh yes. Fries aren't so great though. Wish they'd serve some regular sodas too, I'm not always in the mood for the homemade
Maybe the yuppiest hot dog yet: truffled gruyere sauce is drizzled on these beef, chicken, pork, lamb and turkey dogs, which are stuffed inside crispy baguettes.
Delicious!! Walked in randomly and was pleasantly surprised.
Must sit on the awesome table with pull out chairs!
I've only every had beef but both the cheddar jalapeño and Gruyere sauces are very good. Don't forget to try the homemade sodas!
The asparagus dog, while not actually meat, is grilled and tasty. Try it with the truffle Gruyere sauce. Yum!
Tasty, but not blown away.  Good value
Wood-burning ovens makes this restaurant so cozy-- enjoy their excellent food and cozy up to your date!
Pear and prosciutto salad is enough for two as an appetizer - you basically get four pieces of pear and four large pieces of prosciutto. Wild boar lasagna was delicious.
Get the meatballs and the skate w/a bottle of red. Definitely come on a date! Great romantic lighting.
Cute for a date night. Great pastas and really cozy :) enjoy.
The lighting is very orange but the pasta was tasty. We also had a nice bottle of red. Good spot but not anything to write home about. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
DREAM of the butternut squash ravioli
Great atmosphere.  Romantic.  Awesome food!
We've selected this restaurant as a 2012 Bib Gourmand! For your chance to win a free dinner for 2, snap a pic & share on Twitter or Instagram with #BibNYC. Good luck! http://bit.ly/BibPhoto
Nothing warms the soul better than the hearth-baked cuisine of Apizz. - Inspector
This place is amazing! Get the steak!
The apple crumb dessert was so delicious!
Adorable place! Everything was great. Whole fish was delicious!
cant say enough about the ravioli filled with ricotta, accompanied by brown sugared butternut squash.have it with the gavi.decadent!
Recommend the Bianca Pizza or one of the delicious, affordable pasta dishes.
Get a reservation, or eat at the bar. Everything is yummy.
Get the octopus salad, any one of the thin crust pizzas, the lasagna or the whole roasted fish!
short rib it.
Order the wild boar lasagna. Amazing.
Get the meatball, try the pizzas, and do not fill up on ricotta before dinner.  Bring a date because it is romantic.
Nice wine b/t/g selection, good bread, and it's nice and toasty. Pretty room. A bit pricey so split a main and got a salad. If you like this check out Noodle Pudding in Brooklyn Hts.
ate their fabulous house made gnocchi
Get beat up by the host at Apizz Restaurant. He is an ******* and he'll get in you face if he doesn't like you. It was awesome! Made my Saturday night.
The black bean hummus tartine is AMAZING!
vegan pastries = win/win
Great breakfast menu and they offer almond instead of soy milk!
The farmhouse avocado salad and watermelon cooler are an amazing combo. Looks like my puppy Beckett agrees too!
Awesome brownie!
Shame on LPQ! i just ordered steel cut oatmeal and paid an extra $1.95 for fresh fruit. What i got was a measly 4 blueberries, 2 blackberries and one strawberry, cut up. Not cool.
Brioche = good
Their bread is to die for.
Apple-pear turnover? One word: itssogooood
The Belgian Hot Chocolate is the best in Town!
The pistachio minis are a MUST!!
Love the food here but honestly, the service sucks. You'll have to wait forever for the server to come give you your bill and change. And once this girl even overcharged w/o even apologizing.
If you don't like your eggs too soft tell them. Coconut macaroons are excellent
I wish they used normal plates for the tartine
Gluten-free quiche is awesome but terrible service
Great coffee
Order the sesame seaweed salad & ask to add tofu. It's light & incredibly delish
Ricotta tartine with figs and honey. Any questions?
So quaint! Smoked Atlantic Salmon Tartitine is my favorite... But I may try Sean T's suggestion of soft boiled eggs today!
Soft boiled eggs are not available after 12 noon weekdays and 3pm wknds, but they are a terrific treat!
Its delicious mf'er !!!
Its delicioua mf'er!!!
Top notch black and whites.
Get the sour cherry jam filled doughnut! Lovely pieces of fruit in the jam filling!
Betolli  di fagiloi...the most amazing simple dish....worth a visit just for it.
This venue needs to be changed to "coffee cart" category
Best salmon sushi/sashimi in the city. By far.
Cheap sushi. The price is right but the rice is so wrong. Go across the street for dumplings instead.
Monday tuna night.
Wednesday salmon night. Try Yaki salmon toro. You will never forget it
Sunday eel night
Nothing is free even it appears to be.  If the owner offers you saki, expect to be charged for it. (Even if he drinks some!)
This is my to-go sushi spot! Great quality at a great price! Perfect to take a friend or a date. This place it's so tiny and quite that is perfect for relaxing and conversations.
"Go to" spot for sushi in LES. Never fails great place warm greeting every time, reasonably priced.
Hayashi is the man. Order the salmon toro and have yourself some saki. You'll be smiling from ear to ear.
They have deals on certain days (Wednesday, Saturday & Sunday, if I can remember). But if you come in a large group, expect the owner/chef to join your group and drink with you.
Half price salmon weds!
Dragon roll, seaweed salad and a beer. Delish!
Lasagna... Meh.
try the meatballs
Total Eclipse of the Heart and a free muffin? I love this place!!
Great coffee & muffins :-)
Wow, get the chai tea latte, it's the I've ever had!
BEST CHAI! Seriously, it's amazing.
Most overpriced smoothies in the city
The salad guy is really mean!!
Go upstairs its fun to look around at the people traffic down stairs (:
Iced espresso on a hot summer day!
Hope you're not I a rush. The wait was pretty long.
My favorite lunch spot. Everything is fresh and delicious!
Cute and (relatively) spacious soho cafe.
i like the little upstairs area for a quiet meeting
Don't eat here. Bad service. They were rude, messed up my order and gave me the wrong change.
Try the red velvet cupcake. It is worth trying :)
chai tea latte=yum
Best iced tea in the city!
get the organic triple chocolate chip cookie. it's $3, but so fucking delicious.
Just upped their prices slightly. However with their quick and friendly staff I'd still choose this place over any other in the area.
Great coffee..
Make sure you sit at the upstairs  loft. You get a really good view and just people watch.
Great banana pancakes!
Try sitting upstairs. Just watch your head on the way up.
During the summer, we love coming here for their iced coffees. Our tip: Upgrade your small iced coffee to a medium or large – trust us, you’ll be slurping it like water.
Try their fruit smoothies - maybe the Big E, with soy or rice milk!! Yum!
Rude people, don't go here.
They don't share there bagles
I don't care how good the food or coffee was the service was to bad I just had
Si sos argentino pedite un americano.
Every day after 4:30pm, their sandwiches are half off.
Their Iced Coffee is awesome!
Super petit restaurant ou l'on y déguste de très bon smoothie et en plus pas cher
They sell money orders.
Get the slurpee
Brrfection!!!! All new 12.5 oz coke for 89 cents(Own-Le)
Be on the lookout for specials on Vitamin Water!
Yay for cherry diet coke big gulps!
The Slurpee is a delicious beverage
The Slurpee selection here is astounding! So many choices!
Try a Slurpee. Beyond words...
Eat the roast beef and cheddar and a cherry coke
Fidencio Big Gulps rock!
Oh thank heaven...
We know there are many options in the fridges in the back, but the one you'll be happiest with is Coke Zero. Check in and tweet @cokezero when you do...
Best authentic homestyle Italian in NYC-small and kind of cramped but so worth it. Get the bresaola appetizer and sardine pasta, and watch your head when you're walking to the bathroom!
They use Essse Caffè beans -- and it is perfect.
Try the Rigatoni 'Napulitani' - Seriously.... (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ravioli Villa Jovis - Capri Caffe is perfect every time. (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Penne Alla Piazzetta - My wife says this is "the best pasta in the world." (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Ravioli Mamma Giovanna - It just does not get any better than this. (via @Foodspotting)
Small place. Great food and friendly service. Good prices as well. Had the cucumber honeydew soup and the linguini originalli caprese. They were amazing. Very authentic italian.
The best true Italian food on this side of town. Do yourself a favor and eat here. Open kitchen, cute decor, brilliant food!p3
The soups are always great and add some homemade mozzarella to the salad for a yummy lunch
Linguine Zio Gigino is to diieeeeee for.
Don't skip the fresh mozzarella or the daily soup specials. Homemade ravioli is amazing!
The tiramisu is incredible. And sweet staff! Very homey and excellent lunch for a city worker like me.
Best homemade food downtown. Crowded at lunch. Try rigatoni napulitani & homemade cookies for dessert!
Quaintest spot in lower manhattan. Try the Rigatoni Napulit
Great, cozy, and affordable. Get the linguine 'zio gigino' or any* of the specials.
Just fantastic! Ravioli are to die for, and the place feels sweet and romantic without even trying. So great :)
great for veggies, try rosted brussel sprout soup!!! Tiny place, chef cooks on hot plates but cranks out many vegan dishes a day
Fantastic soups!
Excellent for lunch. I love food in this city.
Get the daily soup w salad and a side of the fresh mozzarella
The Caprese salad is incredible. Best I ever had... Big words, I know
Best lunch deal in dt/Tribecca 5.95 home made soups and salads. So fresh, so tasty!
Triple Crown Maffucci Moving and Storage
The Tagliatelle "Anima E Core" is one of my fave pastas in NYC. The combo of anchovies, walnuts & pecorino make for a simple but amazingly tasty dish.
On your list of things to do before you die, it is imperative that you try their Ravioli Mamma Giovanna.
Best hole in the wall Italian in NY.  Go for the specials.  Now with wine license.  Love these guys.
This place is the best.
Best breakfast shop near the wtc
They got food.
Get the Kesaria...especially if you ask for your roll to be spiiiicy!
Get the liebe roll with egg and chicken or the lamb gourmet roll. Top that off with a chana salad or two.
The Malai Kebab Roll is out of this world!
If you've ever been to Kati Roll in Greenwich Village,  this place is like the gourmet equivalent.  I recommend the Malai Kebab roll.
Try the shikanjvi! So refreshing.
Just got an entire egg shell in my bagel. Don't do it!!
$4 for a cheese bagel?!?
They upgraded to an 'A' sanitation rating!
Best Loxspread in town!
Brooklyn's best bagel.  Fluffy center and crisp crust.
Pauls way or the highway.
The BEST NY bagels I've ever had! :)
Try the "Pope of Montague"...awesome!
Great bagels and bagel sandwiches at this small bakery in Brooklyn Heights.  Just look for the big glowing red "Hot Bagels" sign out front.
Sadly ruined by the new owners... A must-avoid, unless you want rude, slow service, your order screwed up, and possible food poisoning.
Tofu Cream Cheese
OMG did you hear the owner was on the NYPost on 5/18/11 on page 22 for trying to run over his Dad twice?What has come to our area?Animals
Paul's Way!
The sun-dried tomato cream cheese is amazing!  Grab a bag of bagels for the week and a small container of your favorite cream cheese.
The redesignnlooks nice but service has gone way down hill since they flipped owners and staff.
They hide their Grade Pending sign from the Health Department in the back behind the bagel counter instead of in the window where it belongs.
Double check your food before you leave -- they often screw up orders.
Great bagels, poor service. But they're kind of worth it. Walk your bagel down the street for a superb view of the Manhattan skyline.
Great bagels. Horrifying service. Not worth it.
Pass by this place at night and smile at their often broken sign, which tends to say "HO  BAG  S" every now and then.
Food is good but the service here is horrible - the ordering and paying process is chaos. Be ready to wait and fight for your food. Too bad :(
Stop by on Thursday - July 29, 2010 and get a free 12oz coffee for Customer Appreciation Day!!!
New owners, 24/7 hot bagels, decent coffee. 
Come here to chillout!
Spaghetti al limone is amazing. Order it as a side no matter what you get. Veal parmigiana is fantastic.
can't go wrong. check the specials. bruschetta, veal polpetti, rigatoni w meatballs, polenta, veal milanese, all the pasta. one of my fave spots.
The specials. Only mess with the specials.
There's a great back room inside the wine cellar that seats 15. Plan your next big get-together here for the ultimate dining and wine-sipping experience!
great low key brunch.  try the polenta with eggs and fennel.
Always amazing service and food here! The fresh mozzarella is amazing!
Some secrets can only be shared in person.
Spaghetti limoni is unbeatable but all the pasta is freshly made and delicious
Favorite restaurant in the east village. Always great food and specials, good wine list and totally unpretentious.
Spaghetti Limone is surprisingly good, but it's literally just spaghetti with lemon and parmesan cheese. Gnocchi was very solid. Skip the Burrata Mozzarella.
Cozy place for date night with great Italian food.
I ordered the lemon pasta cuz every1 wrote  about it. It's just spaghetti w/ parmesan cheese and lemon juice on it. Wtf. There is so much better pasta. Bolognese, chicken parm, rigatoni w/ meatballs
The Burrata is the best I have had in NYC.
The best italian restaurant in the city. The lasagna is my personal favorite, but everything is delicious.
It was between good and really good (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Such a nice place! And the Spaghetti al Limone and Risotto al Limone are soooo good!
Try the meatball special. It's delicious
Get the mozzarella appetizer. So good I had two servings. seriously get it. get it.
Amazing food. Amazing atmosphere. Amazing everything. One of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city.
This place is delicious and the service was quick and friendly!!
Great place for brunch! See if you can get seated in the back room which is perfect for eating good food and catching up with friends!
Love this place. Can't go wrong with the risotto!
Ask for cappuccino and they write a message to you!
Lemon spaghetti as the entree; don't think twice. For apps, caprese salad and bruschetta both awesome.
Gnocchi. Oh and don't sit by the door on the inside, next to the curtain. That thing be opening in your face every 20 seconds.
great food ... cash only though
great food... cash only though
They added 20% tip after tax and didn't mention it.
Date night!
Ask for an espresso and tell them what to draw on the top of the cream !!
I have seen the festival you do in little Italy.I like aglio as does good enterprice with spaghetti and any kind of pasta.enjoy yourself!
Get dessert!! Olive oil cake :-)
Lines have no meaning here.
I swear there's ketchup in the sriracha sauce. What's the deal?
My favorite Chinese food in NYC! I used to live in china, this satisfies my craving for authentic and cheap deliciousness. Seriously you could stuff yourself for $3.
It's called "Inexpensive Delicacies" now.
5 fried dumplings for $1!
So yummy! Get the hot and sour soup and boiled eggs. Lunch for $2!
I'm eating here now. They don't have the containers of chilie oil thing anymore. That's the only reason I came here though....:(
4 fried dumplings, a sesame pancake and a soda for $3. Official name is Inexpensive Delicacies Company Inc.
Order the fried pork buns before the run out, which they always do.
20 fried dumplings, one order of pork buns. $5. Need I say more?
soooooo cheap! you can't go wrong!
Les vapeurs sont ok, la soupe fade. Avec du piment ça passe...
Go to Vanessa's right around the block. Much better!
These doughy morsels are filled with flavorful pork and fresh scallions, writes Bao Ong.
If you're vegetarian, you'll have to ask them for a small order as it's not on the menu.  Unless you wanna order 50 frozen!
The hot & sour soup was good. And it's all super cheap.
Fried pork buns are the best!
This place is terrible. They microwave the pancakes and the hot and sour soup is watery. Dumplings are better than vanessas though.
Dumplings so good (and cheap) you won't care that the staff can't understand a word you are saying!
Grab a sesame pancake to go. The flavor is subtle yet out of this world!
Pile up on the best dumplings money can buy... And money can buy a TON of dumplings here!
We come back here every time we are in the city. Soooo good!
I don't even like dumplings... but this was great!
Grandma cooks for u! 8 steamed dumplings $3!!
$1 four piece fried dumplings!!
Excellent alternative to a crowded Vanessa's. Soup dumpling broth is available instead of soy sauce - delicious
A little puzzled as why they were unwilling to pour a glass of their by the bottle rosé as they were out of their btg rosé. They similarly priced and only other rosé option.
No baby chicken!!! That stinks!!
Try the Baby Chicken but show up early because they always run out!!!!!!
The menu changes with the seasons, offering brioche French toast with caramelized bananas for brunch and crispy soft-shell crabs for dinner. We love the biodynamic wine list, too.
Unlimited mimosas with brunch for $6 - not on the menu!
The Mediterranean flavoring of many of the dishes incorporates seafood such as mussels, squid and shrimp, which is all cooked just right with old-world flavoring.
lemon meyer pasta in the garden on a warm summer night.
They have hack price bottles of wine on Tuesday!!!  You can order from the entire list.   Also their garden is open, very well hidden in the back and great spot!
Go for the garden. This place is delicious.
the valpolicella is excellent
Try the appropriately sturdy cassoulet here, says Adam Platt. Featured in Where to Eat 2011!
Oh the cassoulet!! Umm it's all I eat in the winter!
I've had uneven meals here and the menu often promises more than it keeps. But the food is solid and getting better every day. The BLT salad is stupendous.
Great neighborhood find and friendly service. Chicken, fried green tomatoes zucchini blossoms are amazing.
French toast for brunch.
Barramundi fish is delish- served on broccoli rabe. Crispy skin and perfectly cooked. Rabbit,  steak frites, and zucchini flower app was also yummy. Pasta caprese was ok but wouldn't order again.
The back patio is gorgeous (can prob get a good month or two out of patio dining season!)
Menu is amazing!  Food is great and service is knowledgeable.  Overall a great experience.
At Bistro de la Gare. Brunch is fantastic!  Amazing tamales!
Best new restaurant in the West Village.
The snow peas are outstanding. Same goes for the chilled tomato soup. Best part is the chef/owner who makes it feel like a B&B.
The atmosphere is romance-ready with white tablecloths and a casual vibe, while the menu has "dripping saliva" written all over it. Check it out.
I'm here all week creating any illy recipe your heart desires. And, it's free! Come visit through October 10.
free illy espresso & wireless all week! through 10/10/10.
Pax is usually a great choice for food, but skip this branch. They over charged us just because we're tourists and been very unfriendly.
Yummy homemade yogurt but the place is dirty on the day I visited. Dirty tables and rubbish on the floor. Stuff was friendly though
If you're coming here for a dessert, you're going to have a bad time. Better places in NYC.
Love the place
Musn't leave without trying the Chicken Fajita.
The sandwich selection is nectar
Peanut butter cup cupcake
Everything bagel with cream cheese, smoked salmon, tomatoes, onions. Delicious.
Try the baked salmon salad with the tomato basil dressing. I brave midtown tourists for this stuff.
Yes it does. Also, check out Comedy Night Tuesdays. Be there to watch the talent.
Duhh! Really?? This venue doesn't exist anymore, Erin the cheater!
This one is closed, but the one on 45th and 8th has free comedy on Tuesday nights with no cover and no minimum!! Starts at 9:30, a real funny show!!!
Now closed
Tourist trap, everything we ordered was sub-par and overpriced.
Ask for deziree the bartender. Shes awesome.
All day happy hour!! $3 drafts!
Hmmm.   A little slow.   Not stellar.
Try the CharleyO's Iced Tea!!!
Happy hour is a little confusing there.
The pan de yuca smells like stink dog >.<
Staff is great!
Pan de yuca. Yum
Great place to enjoy an iced coffee, check your Facebook news feed, and look for jobs on companyconnector. The arepas are subpar, though.
My new favorite place to work in this part of Midtown. Decent coffee, but comfortable, spacious seating. Good ambience, not too loud, free WiFi. Road warriors rejoice!
Cafe Arequipe is the best.
Great place to meet with friends, comfy seats
Their tap water is BAD. tastes like plastic.
Good coffee, comfy chairs but wifi code nowhere to be found. Good thing though is they have outlets everywhere. The snack offerings are okay not amazing...arepas in yellow or white, empanadas, etc
Coffee is excellent but service is bad :(
Bathroom code : 4234
Their soy chai latte is my 2nd favorite to the Mud truck in all of Manhattan! A must have!
Simply the BEST coffee in nyc!!!
The vanicanela, w/cinnamon & vanilla is really good. It's pretty sweet & could just be seasonal but I'm a fan.
The best coffe in NYC
Campesino is must try. They add it to some of their coffees
No more bathroom codes needed. Just push the door hard.
Try their ham and cheese croissant. Ask for it heated up. A little pricey, but the coffee offsets the price by being cheaper.
Nice coffee. Poor service. WiFi code: CVJ75ERT10
New tploilet code 3490
One of the only cafes that boasts cold brewed iced coffee. Simply delicious!
Really great coffee! Definitely a great place to get some reading done and drink a good pot of delicious coffee.
Try the Arepa and spot it on Foodspotting!
Order the Café Campesino (means "farmer"). It's sweetened in a traditional Colombian way. Make sure you have it with a delicious Pan de Guava!
order a cafe campesino. it's the best thing you can do to yourself.
The new wifi code is CVJ75ERT10 and the bathroom code is 3581
OMG! What a Coffee!!! They are now selling awesome Freeze Dried Coffee to take home. Totally cool!
Even at noon the place isn't too crowded
The cumbre is stronger than the colina. But I like the volcan better. Hello Juan!
New codes: Wifi is CVJ5ERT10 / bathroom is 3581
Found a 6 inch hair baked into my bread....gross
Black chicken!!
Just wanted a simple dinner & I get welcomed by the lady in front of me commenting on how there's food in the cashier's beard & the other one can't read my coupon even when I told him the order!!!!!!!
Kids eat free - how often do you see that in Manhattan?
The pigs pick is so bomb diggity, and the hostess is always hot.
Great music I loved the playlist... But Dinosaur BBQ is so much better!
The menu today was SEVERELY limited (no ribs, only brisket and chicken) and they don't tell you until after you've sat there for 20 mins & ordered drinks. We paid for our drinks & left.
The EXACT opposite of good BBQ? Brother Jimmy's. Yuck.
Frickles and/or fried green tomatoes. Heaven on a plate.
Monday nights Is the way to go
Best BBQ on the Upper East Side ...No ...make that the best BBQ spot in all of New York
The fries are terrible, BBQ is good though
Loved that my party's table was given away 5 mins before arrival
Use the photo booth!
Karaoke on Sundays.
Live cover band Tuesday nights.
good place
You HAVE to get the swamp water!!!!
Ask for the manager Mikey DQ and challenge him to a 1 on 1 lacrosse game.
You gotta get the fishbowl and do karaoke!
A must visit...
Great for nc sports viewing
Brad Esarey is the mayor of this place. He doesn't have Foursquare, but he knows everyone! Keep your eyes open
3 Guys 1 Cup on Tuesday nights!! Best band!
Wings are as good as they ever were. Which is awesome.
Order the spinach and artichoke nacho dip and a fish bowl.
Wf pw brotherjimmys
Pulled pork sandwich. Don't spoil it by adding or removing anything. It's awesome!
Drew is the greatest ever!!!
$2 Bud/Bud Light Drafts, $3 House drinks & $10 Swamp Waters during Pinstripe Bowl Week, Dec. 26-30
Ask for Sean, he's the Asian sensation
two hundres pesos only.
Super friendly
Cool concept (fresh, local, responsibly farmed sushi and other dishes) but the service can be very slow at dinner.
Sushi made fresh everyday & it's delish.
Really amazing sushi, the salmon is so fresh, plump and healthy
The value sushi play in midtown
Sit at the sushi bar and ask them to surprise you... plenty of off-the-menu deliciousness.  My favorite sushi restaurant in NYC.
Mai Sushi is best for dinner
The Chirashi is pretty weak - light on fish - no pickled daikon
Sushi is alright. It comes pre-packaged so who knows how long it's been sitting there.
Nice selection for a quick lunch. The staff is incredibly friendly!
delicious sushi. great bento box
delicious sushi & great bento box.
Great Chicken Schwarma sandwich
Yummy Falafel.
Unlimited boozy brunch with great food and great service. And you can't forget about the welcome shot!
Get Patrick as a waiter!! He's the best!!
As an Australian living on the UWS, I was keen to try this place. It is extremely loud and the food is OK. If you like to hear what your friends are saying over brunch, this may not be for you.
Aussie, Aussie, Aussie, OI, oi, oi!
Great food! Recommend the Lemon-Garlic chicken. Awesome atmosphere too!
They give "welcome shots"!!
$25 card minimum?  F*** that noise.
$20 all you can drink + 2 lemon drops. Bring cash!
Bring a cane because you can't walk straight after brunch.
What is Australian Food?  Free shots upon entry
friendliest place in the city - love the food & the wait staff - true value & hey, the greyhounds are AMAZING!!!! five stars!
Lemon drop shots before and after your bottomless brunch? I'm in heaven. Savor your meal slowly and tip generously.
All you can drink brunch. Yummy
Great prices, drink specials (all you can DRINK!) & the benedict is SLAMMIN'.
Jean-Patrick is an amazing bartender! Ask for the French 75 ;)
Get the burger. Putting an egg on a burger is brilliant.
These guys need Aussie beers.  Let's see some Tooheys or VB.
Tip out the bartenders to get top shelf drinks with the aycd special
It's awesome that the waiters and waitresses are all Australian!
Gave us an on the house shot before we even made it to our seats, got another round when they brought the check
My new fav place as there is a pool table upstairs!!!!
The heart stopper is incredible! Poached eggs, hollandaise, bacon, thinly sliced hanger steak cooked medium and crispy onions on top!
The oyster shooters are Everything.  Also, the Heart Stopper on the brunch menu.
Get there early. It fills quickly.
Ask you can drink brunch is absolutely amazing. The food is GREAT! Sunburnt Calf is definitely a winner!
Love love love this bar!!!
$18 all u can drink brunch
Excellent brunch deal. Terrific accents.
Solid brunch, solid music selection.
Ask for a bigger glass too, they are happy to fill it :)
Excellent, albeit expensive ($15/12oz), whole been coffee
The homemade chai is pure awesomeness
The cranberry walnut roll goes perfectly with the blackstrap espresso.
Sparkling water with an espresso is a nice touch.
black strap espresso. that is all.
They take discover!
Bring cash as there is a $5 minimum!
Their chai is intensely flavorful and spicy. The dirty chai is a kick in the teeth.
Great spot-- no WiFi, just great hardwood floors, exposed brick walls, & an amazing coffee selection. Gem in the area.
A cortado is like a latte with less milk, so it tastes more coffee-like.
The dirty chai is the best I've had. Really good latte and delicious baked goods.
This is a coffee shop, but they do a great grilled cheese and nice salads if you decide to stop by for lunch or dinner. Especially it you come during happy hour (5-7) and grab a craft beer!
You haven't had a dirty chai until you've had one here.
Try the pour over coffee. It's worth the wait.
Terrific spot to do some (internet-less) work. Friendly staff and the spiced homemade chai is great!
So cute! Great zen place to do work or meet with someone over coffee
Wish they had wifi!
Great latte and chill atmosphere. Outlets everywhere. Cold drinks in mason jars. Good stuff.
Soy cortado is perfect.
Cappucino is so small. Get something else.
Was here on Saturday afternoon and enjoyed the delightfully cheesy soundtrack of 90's love songs, Disney tunes, and Broadway musicals.
Great lemonade and iced chai!
One of the best coffee houses in the area
Sit back, relax and enjoy the newest and most welcoming coffee shop on the UWS. If you have a question, ask. The staff is knowledgable and friendly.
Their coffee is delish but don't pass up their homemade chai! Perfectly spiced and so much better than sugary mixes you'd get elsewhere.
Great beans and pastries from Balthazar. Early birds need the Red Eye: coffee with a shot of espresso.
Good iced coffee and nice seating in back!
watch out for the mayor. she's cranky if she doesn't get her coffee.
Happy to award the Snail of Approval to Pizza Moto
Great food, cold service, open just about every night. I always get the mixed platter, no need to complicate things with custom orders.
Chicken rice with white sauce is simply the best !!
Be careful everyone.  There are impostors who have setup shop on the corner of W53rd & 6th (across from the hotel) who use the same color scheme, same bags, and almost the same logo as The Halal Guys!
White and BBQ sauce a must, a dabble of red to adjust
Best in the City! Get in line, it's worth the wait!
Go for the chicken
Your stomach will be happy once you have tried the lamb over rice.line is worth the wait.
Can't put enough white sauce on it.
They are simply the best, have been eating here since before the uniforms! Extra white sauce yummmmy
It was good.
2000+ calories.. Lol
The BEST halal I've ever had. Please come to California! :)
Essential NYU: Get the lamb (or chicken) and rice and enjoy the inebriated crowd. The entertainment usually begins around 11 pm.
work in a nearby hotel? show your ID and cut the line / get $1 off
All the carts of "the halal guys" are all the same around here, we compared and all are the same, the one that claimed originals actually rude and rushed.
Sick of waiting? Go to the cart one block south on 52nd & 6th, same food, same price, same owners, no lines!
Before 7:30 pm, they're on the SE corner of 53rd & 6th. Just FYI. The long line on SW isn't the real guys during lunch crowd.
Best lamb and rice you'll ever have in the city, hands down. Get the combo to mellow the bathroomial effects of the dish.
Free pita bread, fresh ingredients, and friendly service. Accept no substitutes.
It's the special white sauce that's so special at this place.
Chicken, lamb & gyro over rice w/white sauce is simply perfect... A must do in NYC!
Maybe the best chicken and rice in the city
Bring a bottle of Sriracha sauce and give the mix plate an extra kick
форсквер говорит что я там. а как бы я хотела быть там
The other guys (with the same tshirts and bags) are the same company. BUT they usually forget to put everything the original stand does, like lettuce, or falafel if you get veggie.
Both carts serve the samething, unless you enjoy waiting on lines.
The one near 52nd and 6th had a shorter queue. The mix plate is the best!
Order the mix plate, it's only $6! Remember to add a lot of white sauce and a little of the red sauce. Sooo good! There might be a line up but it's worth the wait!
Get the food. It's good.
The same guys who camp out at 53rd & 6th and 52nd & 6th have this much-quieter halal cart a block away.
Beware of the hot sauce! It's delicious and deadly!
Get the lamb over rice with the white sauce and a little bit of hot sauce. Best Halal in the city for only $6.
Try the sandwiches.
White pizza is the best in NYC
Convenient location,  super-friendly workers, & the garlic knots are delicious.  Try the meatball slice (if they have it), veeeeery tasty ! !
Nice Italian staff! Spinach stromboli...nomnom!
Super tasty pizza! Not too greasy and very friendly staff
the Garlic knots are  for midgets.
Garlic knots are tiny!!! But the margarita slice is awesome...
Great foood
The chicken pizza sucks! Don't order it....
Convenient pre-Theater quickie meal. A regular cheese slice fits in w/the ideal NYC pizza. :p
Sicilian's the way to go
Blah
Slice of cheese was dyn-o-mite!
Always a long line, slow and rude staff.
Slllllllooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwww
Bring your John Jay ID to get a student discount ! :)
Don't ask for liquid sugar, you'll get attitude like it's your fault they didn't really add it -_-
Don't ask for the liquid sugar, you'll get attitude like it's your fault they didn't add it -_-
Guy with the black Buddy Holly glasses is a cutie!
13 minute grande iced coffee when it was slow.. Why?
This Starbucks is the fastest I've ever been to! Don't be intimidated by a long line, you won't be in it long
The SLOWEST Starbucks in the city. Staff are rude to each other in front of customers (saw this on 3 occasions). Avoid. Go to the one at Lincoln Center or Columbus Circle. Much better.
the guy that works there at night purposely puts whole milk when u pay for soy.
Register a gun permit in advance. Once approved, buy a 12 gauge shotgun, and then blow your head off bc the lines are long.
The best staff ever! :-)
Slowest Starbucks on the planet. Expect very long waits.
Very very very slow. Do not come here if you are in a hurry - average time from arrival to getting coffee is 12 minutes.
Slowest Starbucks I have ever been to and always packed with people. Expect long lines and longer waits.
Order extra whip cream if your name is Brett Petersel
The manager likes to make up rules that don't exist, but she's only there in the morning and the baristas are THE. SWEETEST!
Great atmosphere, good calm music. It's not too loud like other starbucks
Want soy? A shot of hazelnut? Be forewarned, this location tends to be low on EVERYTHANG
This Starbucks is always running out of things you want. There is always a line to the door. Plan to wait a while for your drink once ordering...
Amanda is dah best.
My frand Freddie luv dat Batista wit da bubble butt
This Starbucks just got a Makeover about two weeks ago! so much cleaner looking and the setup makes more sense!
Gluten free options, great oatmeal
Great job with the new renovations!
Fantastic friendly staff.
Closed for renovations until August 19th!
Slowest Starbucks ever but there is plenty of seating.
You never know who you'll see at this Starbucks. Derek Jeter paid a visit here today!
Do not come here in the afternoon, tea drinks beat iced coffee? Be advised of preferential treatment.
oroshi katsu...the best
Ask for more miso soup and cabbage if you need some more. Even for lunch!
Always reliable lunch. Fast service and heavy hearty katsu.
Great, authentic katsu options at very reasonable prices. Not a place for dates. (F for ambience.)
The pork katsu. Wow. Just wow.
They ask more tips ......$$$$$
Long wait at lunch but the Katsu is amazing!
Great for lunch! Good deals on really tasty katsu.  Dinner is the same but more expensive.
Katsu lunch special - rice and miso soup can be refilled but not cabbage side
Try a bento lunchbox. They are all delicious and perfectly portioned.
Best katsu I've ever had.
Bento Box is good.
most authentic katsu in NYC
If you're here for dinner, the dinner set is good for a sampling of dishes.
11 E 47th St (between 5th Ave & Madison Ave) (212) 758-590947-50 St Rockefeller (B, D, F, M), 5 Av (7, 7X)Mon-Thu 11:30 am-3 pm, 5 pm-10:30 pmFri 11:30 am-10:30 pm, Sat-Sun 11:30 am-9:30 pm
Poor service - food was just OK. Sake selection was only 2 of 8 listed on menu.
Try the Green Tea Ice Cream - After a big meal of katsu curry, you just want one scoop of something sweet. This is perfect. (via @Foodspotting)
:) The pork Katsu is always good with the white sauce.
Grind your sesame seeds well and the mustard has kick. Yummy tonkatsu....
Best spicy tuna EVER
Not bad, but if you love katsu, highly recommend Haru Hana in k-town for about the same price
Excellent lunch specials! $15 includes udon, katsu, salad, and rice!I also love my Oroshi (grated daikon) Katsu.  This place rocks!
Great chicken katsu dinner for 15 !!
Fantastic place. Never had tonkatsu until coming here. Great tonkatsu and good, quick service. Prices are reasonable too. Pork cutlets that are breaded and fried = beautiful stuff.
Oh, my God!  Great katsu.  If you love katsu this is the place to have it.
Really good tonkatsu. Like really good!
Try the pineapple fried rice!!! It's amazing!
$2 wonton soup!
Dirty dirty food!
Pad Thai lunch special is good.
Panang curry is a pass.
OMG, I didn't know mozzarella could taste this good. Try the creamy kind.
Come for the mozzarella, not the Cafe Mochas... Oh, what happened to you Obika!?!
Salmon with rucola & tomatoes is great!
Lasagna not good food was cold. Not recommended
The creama risotta is a great dessert. Try it!
Decent mozz/accompaniments - not the best service
A liitle salty. Nice environment. Not great service. Good mozzarella.
Lasagna was delicious
Delicious food! Yummy desserts!
WLAN Access on network obika guest ... password is "mozarella111"
Enjoy the sounds of birds chirping in the trees.
Calling all Mozzarella lovers…come and enjoy a tasting of three handmade mozzarellas, grilled vegetables, olive oil and delicious wine.
Stracciatella di Burrata! Fantastic
Mozzarella : superb Prosciutto: beautiful Chardonnay: very fine olives: delicious
LOVE obika...one of ny favorite spots in Rome, italy and i just happened to stumble upon it in NYC. Amazing mozzarella...awesome space to sit and relax with some coffee too!
The lasagna is a great choice, their most popular pasta dish!
Think past the cheese: definitely try the pasta dishes (the pesto is awesome!).
enjoy the atmosphere while having a tasty treat.
The lunch special is such a good deal. So much food.
BYOB. Definition of good service. Great food. Great prices. War Eagle.
Excellent sushi and service. BYOB for sake bombing.
Get the Sushi Regular for lunch - it comes with miso soup and salad! To save time, order from http://bit.ly/FoodtoEat and pick up your food or have it delivered!
Best sushi in midtown. Try the Shrimp Tempura rolls. Yummy!!!
Well priced lunch specials
Try the lunch box its awesome a cheap meal for a good plate
Our to go sushi place @foodtoeat (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
We love our neighbors! Delicious and affordable sushi, order online at foodtoeat.com
Snow white roll is amazing! If you spend over $20 you get a free Cali roll
Amazing sushi! Nice, cheap and very good service! Banana roll (spicy tuna and banana tempura) is fabulous!! A must go place for sushi lovers!!!
Nice and cheap lunch for 10 dollars.
The Dragon roll it's super and it's enough if you are hungry.
Shrimp tempura roll is delicious
Amazing lunch specials (almost too much food for under $10).  Take food across the street to outdoor waterfall park with landscaped garden. Am I really in NYC?
Get the Third Avenue and New Orleans rolls, simply the best!
Bagels are free after 5pm :)
awesome sweets
Cupcakes 24 hours a day - on every block!
Go with the salt bagel with cream cheese - it won't disappoint.
beer tasting was phenom. schnitzel was not.
Get the schnitzel (and some varieties of beer)!
Try the Halibut - The smoked tomato sauce was finger licking, literally!!! With DZ, jenmen, g-money, Molly  (via @Foodspotting)
Ginger Tee with Zacapa Rum
Na zdravi a dobrou chut!
There's no better beer than Czech Pisner!
The beers are great.  But, for you foodies out there... Wow!   That's all I can say.  Everything is unique and absolutely delicious.  A bit pricey, but an enjoyable experience.
my favourite pub in NYC
Cute place, great food, friendly service. Go here for dinner and/or excellent Czech beer on tap.
Mickey is the best draft professional
Great food + service... love the fact provided complimentary soup tasting + beer... beer sampler great
Try the exceptional beef tongue. The meat is poached until meltingly tender, gently smoked then sliced into supple batons. It’s one of our #100best dishes and drinks of 2011.
Must get the four beer sampler.
They only serve one type of beer (Pilsner Urquell), served four different ways. Not convinced? Try the Creme Urquell, and you'll never think about Czech Pilsners the same way again.
Spectacular Pilsner Urquell tasting. Perfect service. Smoked beef tongue is wonderful.
Had the traditional draft.  Amazingly delicious!
Sample Pilsner Urquell poured 4 ways. And since you're not the type of guy to leave a project half-finished, there's also good eating like smoked veal tongue, veal schnitzel, & Prague-style ham.
Same beer poured four ways! Go for the draft tasting.
Great Czech food! Go for it!
Catching “Bethany” on a Sunday? Abboccato's Nonna’s Sunday Super is HIGHLY recommended by WP!
Grilled Octopus salad is excellent paired with any Italian white wine!
Loved the tomato soup :)
Try the grilled chicken piccata
Tagliatelle perfect- absolutely delicious- a must try. Not a fan of the mushroom flatbread try something else. Wanted a glass of Chianti but they were out...how does that happen?
Very nice Italian. The orecchiette from the set menu are really nice! Must try the arancini with mushrooms and truffles...delicious!!!
The butternut squash soup was delicious, but the service left something to be desired. Pasta was VerY rich
Great food and service. A good spot for italian food.
Try the half moon raviolli with beets and gargonzola in a butter sauce with poppy seeds!  Yum
Short rib taco for the win!
I'm usually not a big coffee fan, but it's quite good here. Also, best breakfast panini's I've had in NYC.
Very close to the Apple store. Have a glass of wine before your Genius Bar appointment.
Интересное,уютное и калоритное место!Заведение похоже на паб,но там большой выбор различных вин,десертов....блюд,обслуживают итальянцы,музыка английская, приятный гул американской речи, цены Ля Руша)
Отстой задорого.
Stick with the pastries and stay away from anything with eggs.
Place is awesome ... So cool inside and great service
Great iced lattes here!!
Best latte in the World!
Insalata spinaci with goat cheese is very nice nd the pesto pasta too
too expensive
Obsessed with the pistachio gelato! To die for!
V good coffee in midtown. Otherwise mostly over priced. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Just like in Italy. Amazing espresso.
My favorite place for a quick cappuccino!
My favorite cafe in the area. A cup of cappucino and caprese are my favorites after a walk at central park
It seems like every city is overrun by countless “authentic” Italian restaurants, but this one truly plays the part. If you don’t have time for a meal, pop in for an espresso in the front café.
The lasagna is bomb
The chateaubriand  is amazing. Comes with perfectly roasted fingerling potatoes.  To die for!
try their Pate al Porto and Prosciutto de Parma! Wine selection is superb!
Great service! Pop in for a dark, quiet post shopping glass of wine or a hearty Italian meal.
Horrific service. Had to ask for milk 3 times for coffee. They include an 18% service charge to all checks.
Aprovadissimo!!! Ótima carta de vinho e comida maravilhosa.
Nice Italian
I am a Latte freak and this place has the  lightest & creamiest  Latte, I have ever tasted in years...
Best. Cappuccino. Ever.
The perfect spot to meet friends for coffee.
Delicious cappuccino
Grilled filet mignon: eccellente e favolosi
I will continue to pay $15 for the prosciutto/ mozzerella/ tomato panini. I skip the olive pate and get the pink sauce. Amazing.
Ask for Matt, he looks just like Jon Hamm.
This place is horrible . just sent back frozen, cold soppy goat cheese ravioli
What a cool space! For Boutique-styled, trend setting DJ entertainment & Event Design including including SnapShotPhotobooths.com, visit me at sceeventgroup.com -Thanks, Jeff Scott Gould.
New Year's Eve 2013 at Bryant Park Grill at Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Pretty sure my last visit led to food poisoning.
Great place to have dinner on a beautiful night.
Vegan Organic Quinoa salad is a good summer dinner option
You can see a film from their rooftop on a summer's eve.
The free dessert with a pic of a bird was a nice treat. Beautiful restaurant, reasonably priced, great dinner.
Overrated and overpriced.
Great lobster salad!
Protip: get a table on the roof. It's a great view of Bryant Park and can be less crowded than inside or the patio.
Very clever Foursquare special at this NYC landmark. Learn more about Foursquare and mobile marketing in The Power of Foursquare
They closed for private wedding - only outside bar is available. :(
Great location. Average food.
Bananas for bananas is amazing!
See my man Julius. Best bartender here!
Fair fare for a high price
The oysters were orgasmic. I was pleasantly surprised. Great place for fancy lunch.
Nice stop after walking/studying in the NYC Public Library. Beautiful 4-season view of Bryant park in summer and ice skating in winter
The bartender who wears all the different ties is GREAT!!!!
Venison mashed whipped mashed potAtoes and Swiss chard yum
Try the Nutella Churros - Murcho e frio tadico... Só se salvou a nutella em cima! (via @Foodspotting)
Veal Schnitzel is a MUST GET using the holidays. Yum!!
Try the Spicy Bloody Mary - And the adult drinks are good too... ~Uncle Deno and Greg (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Shirley Temple - "Love it! Best Shirley Temple ever" ~Christopher and Chloe Damaskos (via @Foodspotting)
Wonderful dinner. Very enjoyable experience.
So not worth the money.  Wasn't that good at all.
Beatiful on a late summer's day.
Lamb Burgers and Crab Cakes. Order as your entree. TI DIE FOR
Great fare, cocktails and ambiance but beware the aggressive vultures that like to swarm, then attack. Pretending to speak another language usually helps.
Above-average neighborhood sushi spot - great for take-out.
My favorite sushi spot in all of Manhattan! Sushi is so fresh and delicious, be sure to try the sushi pizza
Fatty Fish is BYOB. Enjoy!
Really awesome outdoor garden seating. Sushi pizza and the spicy kani sandwich are a must!
Great Asian paella in coconut broth with lots of shrimp Chinese sausage, bean sprouts, edamame, mussels and chicken!
Great for appetizers and drinks at dinner. Entree's not as good but fantastic presentations.
It's fatty fish, ya hear?
Get the sushi pizza immediately!
Not so much fatty but certainly fishy, this innovative Asian fusion restaurant has great fish dishes at a good price.  Try the salmon burger.
The lychee martini isn't very good .. Spice the Thai restaurant or Philip chow has the very best in the city
The lychee martini isn't very good .. Spice the Thai restaurant or Philip chow has the very best in the city
Does anyone know if the lychee martini is any good?
The Lychee martini is really good.
Sunday brunch is excellent!!! Great menu - try the coconut French toast - amazing!
Get the baby back ribs and 007 roll!
Get the sushi pizza!
$40 Worth of Asian Fusion Fare at Fatty Fish Restaurant for $30. See dealigee.com for details.
007 roll is awesome. Non fish: chicken tempora roll = very good.
the sashimi is excellent, and so is the gyoza. creamy green tea cheesecake!
No charge for bottles or beer! Bring your own and order any box or the spicy udon!
This Asian fusion restaurant offers large-portioned bento boxes, a kobe beef burger, and sweet potato fries.  What else is better in life??
staff is really nice
Try spotting the Windows error dialog box on their menu screens!  Someone call the help desk!
They play great tunes here ~ EDM inclusive & have free citrus infused water.
Order your iced blended drink with NSA powder- save at least 100 calories #FtheGym
Every time we come into town we come here. Ask for Fernando. He is absolutely the best EVER'
Nothing like a great steak before seeing the Off-Broadway Premiere of A SPLINTERED SOUL. http://bit.ly/prYsAV
Old school steakhouse with a slightly stiff wait staff.  But usually reliable grub.
Great service and wonderful selection of wine. Food was great too, all the way to a delicious cheesecake for dessert.
Had the filet mignon special with peppercorn sauce, pretty bland, appetizers are all really good but not worth price. Best item was artichoke risotto.
This hidden East side gem changes its menu regularly, but you can't go wrong with their seasonal offerings of fresh fish, handmade pastas and decadent desserts.
Best Italian restaurant for the price level.  Authentic and their squid ink pasta is wonderful.
Authentic and amazing Italian spot. A bit of an older crowd. Small place and quite popular so make a reservation if you go during busy hours.
The best restaurant of the upper east side!
The staff is great, the owner is super friendly. Best part, the food is amazing!! Excellent neighborhood find.
The sorrentina tiella is great if you love eggplant as I do
Sooooo upper east side.  Incredibly long wait between courses but incredibly delicious pastas and pizzas
The whole Branzino is incredible and so is the duck.
The restaurant is small so it's a good idea to make a reservation.  The food is fantastic...don't skip dessert!
This place is named for a cast-iron skillet used in Neapolitan cooking. Classics include gnocchi with bufala mozzarella ($14) and salmon carpaccio with arugula and lemon dressing ($10).
The eatery's signature namesake dish consists of two discs of homemade dough stuffed with various ingredients and fire-baked in the oven -- try the stracciatella and truffles.
No english muffins, but try a toasted bialy instead. Quite tasty!
Get the chicken cutlet! His mother makes it and it melts in your mouth.
Great sandwiches made with all fresh Boars Head meats. Cheap too!
Crazy busy. Go down the street to get your fix.
Long wait times. Go to 6th Ave one instead.
Slowest service of any Starbucks I've ever been to. The staff were miserable looking and seemed to not care how good service was.
Very slow service in comparison to others (and not that busy)
Always a long line, no matter what time - but they move you through very quickly.
Везде в Starbucks  и McD есть бесплатный wifi,только хитро открывается- вначале нужно галочку поставить, что ты согласен подкл. к этой сети,нажать подключение(все ест-но на англ-м) Сеть называется att
Always busy with long lines but the wait isn't really that bad thanks to the amazing staff!
Ready to have my venti earl gray te. I love it!!!!
One restroom. More than most SB's in Times Square. Wait for it. Be clean.
Follow me on twitter @BoBJiGGy #iFollowBack
Mellow vybez in here
Much bigger than it seems. There's an upstairs seating area
Staff is SO nice - the way they should be :)
Don't forget to count these calories in your daily count!!!
FYI: Venti White Mocha; 580 calories, 22g fat.
Don't forget to tip your barista!
hummmmm..rico cafe
Today I'm Tim. Hate giving my name
Line really never is as bad as it seems. They're pretty fast.
Watch people while drinkin' your coffee in the starbucks
Come with everything fully charged (laptop, Iphones, smartphones)...No outlets!! Scary place to be w/o full battery!
Sweet staff, but never expect to be in and out in less than 10 minutes.
Nice Starbucks. Very crowded though.
They still have pumpkin latte through winter :-)
Had a wonderful and relaxed time here last Wednesday evening before going to Rockefeller Centre
Wonderful place. Great atmosphere
AMAZING staff... they have a special place in my heart!
This Starbucks has too many windows. Very prone to zombie invasion.
Super stoked they remember my complicated drink for the first time today. Can now say I'm a regular
Always busy, but the friendly staff do a good job of keeping things moving
For about $5, I enjoyed a piping hot, freshly made masala dosa (lentil crêpe filled with a spicy potato mixture), hot sambar soup, and a dollop of coconut chutney.
The building was demolished a few years ago. Was a great venue to do Sunday brunch.  Also had live music during the week. The hood lost a nice place.
Ask for capuccino
Most amazing Italian (dairy) meals plus awesome presentation make this classy restaurant a must for the most discerning palate.
The spinach and ricotta cigars are out of this world
They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait. Also, the macaroni and cheese balls are a must!
Food was excellent and service was far superior to most kosher restaurants! Loved the salad!
The "fresh" tilapia wasn't, tiramisu was sour/watery. No trade or compensation was offered for the barely eaten fish. Middling Italian food. Kosher should not mean lack of quality. Good waiter service
Spinach Rolitini is the yummiest thing on the menu!
The mozzarella sticks are a solid appetizer :)
The olive pizza has lots of flavors going on - it's certainly very tasty!
Don't try to use the AMEX promotion here....they don't accept AMEX.
Best salmon teriyaki
Eat Italian. Be kosher.
Not the most authentic Italian restaurant, but if you’re keeping Kosher, it’s a must!  Start with the Sigari, the Arugula & Gorgonzola Salad and the Napoletana pizza.
If kosher is your thing, then I can't dissuade you. If not, stay away.. SO BLAND! The pizza had no flavor; same for the ravioli. At least the service was good.
Overpriced Italian. Only come here if you're kosher if not make pasta yourself ya lazy bum.
I had to leave after getting soaking wet due to the poor air conditioning. They didn't try very hard to accommodate.
A really classy Italian destination type of restaurant. Plus, it's kosher!
Food is delicious. Dream of the pizza and the tomato sauce that is to die for!
Amazing iced coffee. Pizza is heaven.
I find the food delicious, the service significantly above average, and the beer selections varied.
A great casual yet classy environment. The food is delightful, the desserts award-winning. Great prices, and sound levels perfect for a busy buzz without having to speak up. Definitely a go to.
french onion soup is my favorite
I won't call myself a french foodie but i thought the omelettes were delicious. Service is pretty prompt too. Prices are fairly good for downtown manhattan.
Go here all the time, for better or worse... Food is solid but the service is spotty at best. Recommend the mussels, they are delicious always. Specials are also generally really good.
Disappointing
The quality of the food might be going down.
Parm Cheese Soufflé = delish!!
Onion soup is really awesome!
Try the shirmp!
Real chocolate mousse. Save room.
Even if you've never eaten snails before...GET THE ESCARGOT. You won't regret it. Also Kasteelbier is delish...Just keep in mind it's got double the Alcohol Content of a normal beer.
Try the daily specials. Have never been disappointed
The elderflower martini is strong but to die for.
Abysmal service.
#TREATYOSELF to... a bourgeois French lunch so you can be a bit more cultured.
Granted we came in towards the end of brunch service, but food was undercooked & service slow (even though not many tables). Rude staff a different visit. I'll never be back. Go to community next door
Orange juice is freshly squeezed and very good.
One of the biggest omlettes (rachette) I've ever seen n it was delicious. Not for skinny people though
Awesome brunch food. Great waitstaff. Great prices. Hardly ever a wait. Highly recommend.
perfect brunch! peach melba crepe to die for.
Burger and cappuccino for old times sake
Tuesday & I simply love Le Monde. They treat us like family and the cuisine is wonderful.
Amazing malbec
Sponsored Tip: Order San Pellegrino or Acqua Panna water at this Columbia U. favorite and a donation will be made to Share Our Strength! Also: try the popular brunch.
Love the brunch.
Thanksgiving Dinner for 2 -- $100 -- What happened to the $29 Prix Fixe I was supposed to be charged for?Avoid if you can!
Rome
dreary pseudo french food with uncaring service
Moules frites and onion soup - dinner for two - $20 even! This place is really great for the price.
Ask for their special Sucuk Pizza! Yummy!
Babaganoush is excellent, as is the Turkish coffee
Get the margherita pizza. It's a must. Also, the baklava is ambrosia of the Mediterranean gods.
Monday nights 50% off bottles of wine
Book or come beforehand on weekend. This is quite popular place in the evening so many people in line.
Great place for weekend brunch. Get the turkish scramble.
Shep. Salad w/feta. Ask for extra dressing on the side. Fabulous.
Hummus is my fave on the uws.
Artichoke pizza. Yummmmmmm
Get a White Sangria ($7.50) and if your trying to decide what pizza to get start out with the Sicilian. It has Pepperoni, Sausage, Fontina & Mozzarella Cheese and Basil. SO GOOD!
Grab the mezze sampler plate (DELICIOUS!!) or try the $20 prix fixe for dinner--3 courses! Delicious.
Get the Mezze sampler platter and an artichoke pizza. The bread is fantastic. One of the best mediterranean/middle eastern spots on the west side.
Get the labne and spread it on the fresh-baked pita.
The $5 special only gets better when u mix lemonade & ice tea from the soda machine.
Food is good and a/c is always pumping!
Great $5 lunch special menu!
Best $5 lunch deal!
I've got a tip for you, do not eat here
Get the Chicken Mee Fun.
香港有很多地方象纽约，特别是乱的地方象是复印的一样
Closed ? Why ?
They have two things I've never before encountered in a kosher lunch spot: fried zucchini and friendly service.
The fried rice that comes with the lunch special was really gross. It was mushy soy sauce rice in oil.Maybe their noodle soups would be better. I prefer the lunch specials from the one on 28th & 1st.
The decor is absolutely dated, slightly dingy and the service is pleasant but on a cold winter's day, nothing can beat a bowl of Cantonese Wonton with Noodles soup.
The flavor is usually good.  They have their good and bad days there. Had lunch, some of the meat was not cooked.  Get a chance to watch them make it for you.
Used to live in midtown. Never had been to this place. Find me a real estate agent now! Mee noodle shop and grill is the real deal.
you really get your money's worth here! the noodle bowls are cheap and delicious.
Get the Orange chicken and white rice. Seriously the best Chinese "take out (but sit in)" food ever - no joke.
Primavera burrito with chicken is awesome
Great casual, inexpensive Mexican for lunch. Chicken soup and enchilada suiza FTW! Sangria's pretty good, too.
The wild mushroom risotto is yummy love it
I am having a great plate of fusilli with radicchio
Vermicelli bolognese are awesome also
Get there between 5-6:30 pm to order a three course dinner for $18. Portions were perfect and great atmosphere for an intimate date.
The Potato Croquettes are unreal! Yum!
Get the fried pork dumplings & spicy beef! One of my fav. Korean BBQ places in NYC!
Marinated BBQ platter is great.
The best Korean BBQ in town! Book in advance as the restaurant is always full.
All side dishes are very delicious!
Dol sot bibimbop with sesame leaves and beef, Kimchi jjigae, Haemul pajeon, and jabchae
Outstanding food, and pretty good service. We had 9 people: got 4 appetizers, 3 beef platters, 2 seafood platters, and 2 bulgogi, and it was just a bit more than enough.
Better BBQ than anything you'll have in  Ktown (it's a block away)
Make sure to order the yangnyum galbi
The beef platter for two (about $60) is definitely enough for four people! The stars were the sirloin and marinated short rib
The BBQ here is pretty awesome, a bit on the pricey side. The waiters there are all super tall but so nice!
Go for lunch. $12.95 gets you a choice of BBQ meat and a JiGae (stew)
It was great meat melted in my mouth.
Go for the pulled pork sandwich...it is absolutely delicious!
Really amazing Korean BBQ. Sake list is not as wide as advertised tho. Spicy marinated beef incredible. Good dumplings, spring rolls. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
AskMrLoverMan.Blogspot.com
Go to this place with your bendable orthotics or plan on standing
once of the best Korean barbecue places, fun seating and arrangement, don't be fooled by the bar- there is a large seating areas tucked inside
Try their Marinated Ribs as well as the thinly sliced brisket. Oh and don't forget to order some soju on the side. Goes really nice with BBQ!
Eat here be happy.
Pa jeon was surprisingly good: crisp not greasy
The shrimp BBQ was awesome. I also really enjoyed the spicy tuna bibimbap.
If you like sweet alcohol, get the lemon soju.
Looking for some authentic Korean barbecue? This is one of the best places to get it. Do hands-on dining on their tabletop grills, and try some of their great selection of wines as well.
Try the spicy pollack (via @Foodspotting)
Legit spot to please all your Korean BBQ cravings. Kalbi is fantastic here. Good for group of 10 or less.
Hou hou shu sparkling sake!!
Good lunch special deal. Quality meat and easy on your wallet - what more can you ask for?!
Try the Bulgogi - Few minutes later, cooked then eaten. (via @Foodspotting)
awesome lunch special so delicious
best (but priciest) kbbq i've had in nyc so far...
The tiramisu is excellent. Also buffalo mozzarella fresh from Italy every Thursday.
One of the best restaurants in New York! Excellent food and service!
Friendly service and great lobster ravioli.
Great Italian wines... Ask Dino for guidance!
Was my local dinner spot in 06-07 even on 10-11 I'm remembered treated right, loved and feed oh so well
Been coming here for ten plus years. Make it your go to Italian restaurant.
Four cheese gnocchi is the best
For a tasty and reasonably priced Northern Italian meal, Dino and Oso are sure to please!
Amazing food!!!! Try this place for sure! Awesome food and great, friendly service!
The '03 Chianti is good...once it opens. Request the decanter.
Best Lunch Special in Harlem. Just had Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas, and Plantains - $ 4.50! 11-3pm.
Get the chicken soup and the pineapple ginger juice!
Great fresh smoothies/juices! Also a yummy lunch special: stewed, BBQ, curry, fried, grilled or jerk chicken w/side of cabbage, rice&peas, plantain for $5, 11am-3pm. Do it!
Love the turkey deli sandwich xoxo
Awesome BBQ chicken sandwiches! Free soda with your sandwich.
Great coffee and service....
Coco, mango, cherry and rainbow - always with a smile and a laugh! Open late night!!
Best Pork Fried Rice Ever
Banging ass tuna and chop chessburgers. Official.
Paninis are pretty good. Good variety of food. Service is questionably fast.
The best bacon cheeseburger I have ever had and this place is cheap. A great greasy spoon!  But ask for your french toast very well done unless you like it on the mushy raw side.
Best grilled cheese in the city. Seriously.
Good, fast, well-priced food. Pancakes aren't those large typical diner pancakes but still good. Omlets are great deal
Yummy bagel & lox sammich.
Cuban Sandwich is the best in town. Great daily specials too. Eat Here!
This place is a hole in the wall but the food was yummy and cheap!!!
for authentic spanish food come here. you will not be disappointed.
Cuban Sandwiches. Mini-kitchen for churning out porky delights. There's a griddle used for melting cheese onto each roll so they're good and crunchy before they're stuffed with meat, pickles. <10$
Cuban sandwich is 6.75, not 4.75 like it says here. And I've definitely had better for cheaper.
Be nice to the staff and the food flies out of the kitchen. 'Muchas gracias' goes a long way. The Cuban is fantastic.
Great food & the best service Cathy is great!!
If they have the octopus salad, get it! Also love the chicken chicharrones and their sandwiches up front.
When I worked in the area this was my go to place for lunch. I eat here anytime I'm near. The price is right and the food always delicious. Whether its pulpo, bacalao, or pernil it's all good!
The BEST Cuban food in the Times Square area! You have to try this Latino food, and cheap prices! If out here for lunch might want to get 2 Coronas for $5 bucks Cuban Sandwich, the BEST of the BEST
The BEST plantains and yucca!
Must try their famous Cuban sanwhich.
Cuban sandwiches at $6 a pop make for a cheap lunch!
Go here for fresh, flavorful & low-cost Cuban fare.  Get a meat-packed Cubano sandwich w/ rice & beans ($9) & try the octopus salad ($6.75).
The Cuban Sandwich is the 2nd most popular Cuban in NYC (Cafe Habana is #1).
Cuban sandwich FUCK YEAH!
Get the Ox tail stew on Thursdays or Fridays.
Get the chicken. Is sexytime explosion in mouth...
The arroz con gandules is a must.
When you get the Wednesday shredded pork special, say "yes" to the red pickled onions and ask for an extra little container of the side sauce. The pork doesn't NEED the sauce, but it's still great.
The slow-roasted shredded pork (a Wednesday special, $9 with rice and beans) is delicious, as is the grilled Cuban sandwich ($6), which includes salami as well as garlic-marinated pork.
If they have the octopus salad, get it!  Also love the chicken chicharrones and their sandwiches up front.
Un estupendo lugar de comida cubana, buenísimo para desayunar!
the Cuban sandwiches are great; the $8 chicken with rice and black beans is FILLING;free sodas on M+T;Pork special on Wednesdays;
Get the Cuban sandwich....mmmm
Awesome!!!!!
Red raspberry chardonnay. Get the red raspberry chardonnay.
Try the Wishy Lycious
Brilliant, flavorful Indian and Pakistani Halal on a strip of the same. Escape the hipster palace across the street for terrific, cheap food. Lunch and dinner.
Overheard coworker called Froyo "woman's food."
Love when they serve Baja Fresh
Try the Oreo Milkshake, it's my fav.
Eating ice cream on a hot day, it will melt fast! :)
Best #Indian Food In #NYC
Take a seat outside - the food is really good and the service is super +++
Excellent tandoori chicken.
They won't let you use foursquare deals.
The Balti and channa curry are great
Amazing food, cozy decor, friendly staff.
so good. and great service too
The food is AMAZING! We started with the Chana Chat.Followed by Dansak Curry and the Mushroom Shagg. The Dansak was a bit spicy. Everything was tasty. The complimentary mango ice cream was delicious!
Fantastic Indian restaurant with great atmosphere. Order the malai kofta!
Great bhindi bhajee (okra simmered with tomato and onion)
The food is great here, save room for the complementary mango sorbet!
The best Indian food in the city. Fish curry is phenomenal.
Don't try the honey balls for dessert. Mango sorbet is the ticket
It's not on the menu but they have a delicious Chicken Masala
Great Indian food and a cozy atmosphere. Love it! -Galina Sobolev, Launch My Line
The garlic knots here are good!!!
If you're in a hurry and want your standard soup, sandwich, salad place, then this place is decent place. If you're looking for gourmet, move on.
They use real lemon juice in their tossed salads.  Delicious!
Good soup selection. Perfect for cold winter days.
Don't come here hoping for a smoothie. They advertise shakes but apparently do t have them. And they were out of about 6 ingredients.
Food's decent. Staff not so much.
Great smoothies. Horrible service. They are rude everytime I go.
Watch out for the $8 credit card minimum.
mmm delicious ice coffee
Get the east Caribbean roll ... Tempura shrimp , cream cheese with mango & avocado on top in Hawaii sauce creamy good and get it made with soy paper
all you can drink & all you can eat sushi for $32+tax+tip. i recommend you go lighter on one or the other (gonna recommend the sushi on this one) otherwise you'll end up kissing the porcelain throne.
If its really crazy, they'll ask you to DIY
That's not water in the pitcher (hint: it's sake)
Best lunch special- 10 pieces of sashimi + salad and rice for $8.95!
Watered-Down Soy Sauce.  More of a Party/All-U-Can eat sushi spot.  Won't go back.
On weekends Must call ahead ...
Phone almost dead? They'll gladly charge it while you eat and drink too much.
Unlimited sushi, beer, sake, and wine for $32?!
Food was good, but we saw a mouse....
Beautiful little restaurant. The pasta was excellent, especially the mushroom fettuccine.
I used to hate artichokes before I had them here. If they are on the menu, order them!
Go for their signature house specialty, the Zuppa Di Pesce and ask for the dough topping be removed before bringing to table to avoid temptation and then its #FFactorApproved :)
the carriage room has such character
this place is delicious! I've had two fish specials so far and have been blown away. great quality and execution.
Great mains.  Avoid desserts.
Love @ first sight!
The veggie panino and fried artichoke are devour-worthy! (The seasonal salad is not.)
Amazing brunch...get the French Toast or the Eggs Benedict
Get the meatballs and artichokes....
The Cauliflower appetizer is AMAZING.
Try the restaurant where Lady Gaga, just barely pre-fame, worked as a waitress. (The staff famously made her cry)
They have a salad of made up of small pieces of cauliflower, pine nuts, currants, carmelized onions. Get it!
Amazing country style italian restaurant. Reserve the private back room-cozy country setting, fireplace, candles everywhere, chef preparing food in private tableside kitchen (12 guests or more)
sit by the front (open) windows in summer -- there are so many great places in the area that it's great for people watching
The happy hour is great. Nice veggie burger. Try the banana booze, yummy!
Build your own grill cheese!!! Grilled cheese with chorizo, cheddar, and sautéed onions is a life changer.
Great boozy brunch on weekends. Cool vibe, like a hip library. Prices aren't bad, drinks are strong and food is yum.
Carrie is amazing :) she makes great drinks every time!!
hi.everone. i am a newbie.
dfgtfd gfsfhbcfd fddxfff
Board games, late happy hour, delicious food, friendly staff. I love this place!
Bartender Victor is awesome, great conversation, makes a strong drink.
Come on Football Saturdays to watch the Wisconsin Badgers crush the competition!
New Wisconsin Badger bar!
This is the new downtown University of Wisconsin alumni bar...prepare yourself for football Saturdays!
Vick is a great bartender, and happy to talk about pretty much everything! (3 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Erica is the Bomb! Great service and superb Libations. A+++
happy hour from 4 to 8 pm
The food is great! Enjoyed the veggie burger and fries. Fries were garlic-y and amazing!!
Call for a classic BULLDOG Gimlet to start the night off right.
Great happy hour!
They have board games and super comfortable red couches!  Also great happy hour specials!
Good bar close to NYU, yet not as jammed as other places closer to 6th Ave. Good beer selection and happy hour specials. So-so food. (2 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Great beers on tap with a $3 draft 4-8 p.m. happy hour. If you're eating: get the burger.
Sweet potato tots ftw!!!
Drinkopoly can be found behind the bar. Ask the bartender.. the secret password is: double scotch on the rocks :)
Best happy hour ($3 draft) + potent garlic fries
Play some jengo
Best happy hour (4-8P). Be sure to ask for Kaitlin!
Secret happy hour starts @ 12p everyday! $3 draft SCORE!
Potatoe skins and wings are amazing ! Happy hour deal is great ...
The wings and potatoe skins are amazing!
I am now the mayor.  My goal is to get the Nelson burger on the menu.
Get yo fist bumps!
Nice atmosphere, excellent service. Not familiar with Thai food? Order the Chicken Satay and a Tom Kar soup!
Service in this place is ass. Fuck them.
the music here will delight any smooth jazz listener. Even on a day when Kenny G announced his divorce
sapporo, beef satay and fried rice. Enjoy!
Try the grilled pork appetizer! It's delicious
Order their beef satay, chicken Pad Thai or Green Curry....actually order anything you want! Kati is some of the best Thai food I believe in the city and was lucky enough to stumble upon it last year!
If you sit in, the lunch special includes soup and salad. Their Tom Yum and Pad Prik Khing is the way to go! My mouth is watering just typing this. Also, I'm a Thai Food snob so believe me - its good!
lunch special for $7-8 includes appetizer and entree...pad Thai & pad see ew? are my go to dishes.
They're Thai Iced Tea is THE BEST !! & their food is literally mouth watering !! Worth leaving a nice tip for the chef !!
Worth the wait - farm fresh and flavorsome. Brown Rice bowl was simply stunning. How did they make something seemingly so basic, taste so good? Grilled chicken salad was also smoky and charred well.
Great gluten free menu options! Had the salmon salad and brussels sprouts. Do not pass up the brussels sprouts! Salad was incredible as well.
The reuben is amazing.The Southwestern Turkey burger was perfectly cooked, and the patty well seasoned & moist. The tomato soup is one of the best I've tasted. However, the Mac & Cheese can be better
The PEI mussels are delicious and always hit up their specials.
The Mac and Cheese Balls are incredible.  The Basil is a real nice touch.
Try the tasty fish tacos, though you might need a fork to eat them.
The grilled chicken salad rocks.
the veggie burger is a great call! and the service is always good, everyone is really sweet!
Best Mac & cheese EVER.  EVER.  EVERRRRR.   get it for the perfect appetizer.
The ketchup is...not good.
Southern breakfast is delicious. Perfect fried green tomatoes.
Garden veg sandwich. Tofu scramble. Perfect every time! Service is memorable and friendly
Order the Reuben sandwich. It's the best I've discovered in the city so far. Also, try the fries and ask for their herb aioli.
This place absolutely delicious! Hi quality, reasonably priced.
Pulled pork sandwich to rival Dicksons' up the Market.
Best ketchup ever. Cobb salad is wonderful!
Get the egg white scramble at brunch and add organic white cheddar. Divine.
Great Comfort food and Craft Beer!
belt with avocado!
try the Reuben
Brunch here is delicious. so are fried green tomatoes, veggie burger, and gluten free fish tacos
Great food. Just make sure you're ordering EXACTLY what you're asking for because if something's wrong they won't do anything about it. Old NYC customer service.
It can't be said enough times. The B.E.L.T. could be eaten every morning. It might be perfect.
Short rib hash with sweet potatoes - yumyum!
Fettucini was excellent. Would eat again. And again.
B.L.A.T sandwich with chicken
The food is always good, even if it's a little expensive for lunch.
the B.E.L.T is to die for.  breakfast best
The B.E.LT. is the best.
Must try Pan Roasted chicken. Excellent!
Go for the Reuben
Nice burgers and many different beers !
The pork sandwich was a little dry, which is surprising coming from a barbecue place. I thought it would be dripping with sauce. I was wrong.
Wish the proprietor happy mothers day for 25% off
I renounce my mayorship
Watch out for the mayor of king falafel.
This place doesn't give extra milk to the mayor FYI
Mmmmmm. Tastes like honey.
Special on milk!!! Don't delay!
Special on milk!!! Don't delay
The hostess with the mostess
Try the breast expression station behind the maker's mark
Most options are under $15. Try the pork belly buns served w/Ten Ten shrimp salad (shrimp, pine nuts, sesame seeds, and broccoli) and pork chop katsu (pork chop w/a side of Asian slaw).
Get the potstickers. Unreal.
open for business, this place has the best Asian inspired food in the area. The staff and chef are great. Eat in or take it to go. Definitely give it a go. for foodies on the run and everyone.
For a great inexpensive meal of Mexican delights, Tortaria is a must!
Vegetarians, get the eggplant torta! Delicious!!
Carnitas taquitos are really great. The bun the torts came on was a letdown though... Hamburger buns? Really? "The Deal" is a Decent deal, if you need a beer with your Mexican food. Which you should.
Really delicious Mexican food. Get the breakfast tacos and the Mexican sandwich. Try the red and green sauces on the tables - both great.
Made to order guacamole and sweet plantains are awesome! Pollo asado taquitos are delicious.  Torta bun is a little stale and dry.
Delicious food, very authentic
Fries with spicy sauce are clutch. Can't wait to try the guacamole!
The BEST guacamole I've ever had! Oh, and an awesome Michelada.
Get the Mexican coffee. Best in the city.
Amazing food and pretty good margaritas. The atmosphere is super fun, if not a little too Disney World themey. I had a really nice time. Chicken and ham torta is delicious.
Tasty guacamole but not enough for two
Margaritas are strong but not that tasty
The frozen margaritas are a must. Quite alcoholic, but when has that ever been a problem?
Guacamole is tasty!!
Must try for a horchata pop!
taco carnita y pescado  very good
To avoid confusion, the tortas are sandwiches and the taquitos are tacos. Both are excellent choices!
You would think this place is expensive, but its not! Same prices as Chipolte or Q'doba. Food is good...
Crispy eggplant torta paired with fresh gauc (prepared in front of you) and you're in for a hearty lunch.
Love this place! No burritos but awesome tacquitos, ESP the carnitas. Will be back to try the tortas. A little pricey but great! Must try the chipotle cream salsa. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Quick eat. But for good Mexican food, look elsewhere. Torta bread is too sweet, side dish is French fries.
Brunch on the griddled torta with scrambled eggs, avocado, pickled red onions, black-bean spread and a choice of steak or chorizo:
If you can't get one of the great people-watching spots, order through the bartender and get a michelada.
Hotter than a coyote's nutsack
Great fresh guac made as you watch. The margaritas are proper too - none of that sickly sweet pre-mix crap.
They don't give you enough Guacomole for Guacomole for two!
Loved everything I had here! Perfect spot for affordable drinks and small bites w a few friends.  Bathrooms also have some spectacular decor ;)... Don't forget to ask for a shot of the house tequila!
Reg margarita is pretty good. The tamarind a little too sweet. The tacos are great, but small. The red salsa is the best & the pulled pork sand is "alright". Music should be modern rock en espanol
Go around the corner to Dorado for the fish taco. (1 of 4 petals via Fondu)
If you're going for food, try the eggplant burger, so good!
Veal angelica = :)
Fat Loss Factor Reviews: Is Fat Loss Factor Diet Program a Scam
If you're looking for something sweet, cold and refreshing, try their Afternoon Delight or Bee Sting. Both were excellent.
Go in to the fridge and get a pressed juice; healthier but an acquired taste.
The killer without cayenne is good as is the grasshopper
Green juice with apple is the best
Try their new Sambazon Acai Bowls. Amazing!! Happy someone in the neighborhood is finally making them!!
Try the bulldozer with almond milk!
The best fresh juice ever. It's no joke.
Go for the royal flush after a rough weekend.
Oatmeal is great!!
The only place in the city where there's more staff then customers yet still slow as shit.
Unwrapping straws ahead of time is a MAJOR DEPT OF HEALTH VIOLATION!!!  Stop doing it already!!!
The Royal Flush is a certified hangover cure ! My fav! Also give the Grasshopper a try, 2 of the most tasty juices :)
Don't take the green juices with apple from the fridge as its intentionally diluted with apple and has far less of the other goodies. Have them make it fresh for you instead!!!
They never ever add the extras in the drinks without asking 6 times so be sure to watch them make your drink like a hawk
Soy to the World
Soy to the World saved my life.
Royal Flush Detox after a long night and feel better
Cider - get the cider!!
Best juice bar in NYC.
go to the Russian baths on 10th, drain everything out via your pores, come here and refill with good stuff.  don't give russell simmons your demo at either place.
The grasshopper is the best!
Berry Powerful!
Ammmmazing. Living the Skin Trip w/kale. Worth the trip over from the WV
Protip: Free delivery over $10. Grasshopper, All Greens with Apple and Killer XX are my faves.
The royal flush and killer xx juices are the bomb diggity.
Liquiteria offers delicious to-go smoothies, but will also advise as to how to conduct an organic juice cleanse.
Ginger shots are rocking!
Whenever I start to get a cold, I drink a hot apple Killer XX. It's a miracle cure!
Enjoy the juice bar New York Magazine calls, “relentlessly cheerful.” We recommend the ‘All Green’, a concoction of freshly pressed (not squeezed) kale, spinach, romaine, parsley, celery and cucumber.
Surprisingly quick service for such a busy location!
#checkin #inartmedia #films #music #promote using @inartmedia #wesleyclouden #binstar
Frappachino happy hour! 5-4 - 5-13
http://tiny.cc/YaTe2b - Get the best iTunes Podcast Music! House & Electronic Beatz!
There is a plug in by the lines to the bathroom!!
Have a warm coffee appreciating the view of the Battery Park.
Order the The Double Ristretto Venti Half-Soy Nonfat Double-Shot Gingerbread Latte Extra Hot With Foam and Whipped Cream ;)
Slowest service in the entire city
Considering how busy they are the entire staff has a smile on their face.
Newly renovated
Chai Tea Latte is my fave.
Quick and friendly :-)
Free taste of pie,sometime....soooooo good!!!
Nicest staff of any location I've ever been to!
Nicest and most efficient staff. Great location!
Employee wiped garbage can lids and then the counters with the same rag
Free coffee on Earth Day ... On April 22nd, 2011 they're offering a free brewed coffee or tea when you bring in your reusable travel mug or just buy a new travel mug for 20% off! Happy Earth Day!
the staff is friendly! and since I'm a frequent visitor, they know I like my lattes with soy.
The queue for the toilet is twice as long as the queue for drinks, be sure to get in the right queue!
Hot french vanilla caramel macchiato ni!ice
Look for the wild turkey that lives across the street in Battery Park.
Noticed a lot of job interviews happen at this Starbucks location.
Line moves quickly here compared to some of the other Starbucks in Manhattan (have you been to the one in Times Square)?  Nice staff, but it seems there are always new people rotating in.
The service here sucks
The apple bran muffins are great is warmed up.
There is no ferry to statue of liberty after 1550.
went here got a latee.
There are only 2 outlets here, one on wall before bathroom and one in back seating area mid section against wall.
Sit at one of tables by the large windows and enjoy a beautiful view of Battery Park and New York Harbor in the distance.
This particular Starbucks gets a lot of tourists.
The drinks are innovative. Service is great. Try the duck embryo egg! Do it!
Smells like tires.
Try to sit at Dave or Renee's table and get the chori burger FTW although everything is pretty good.
Order the halo halo for dessert. Just do it.
When you get there do not forget...Pancit Malabok Negra - palabok noodles in squid ink & shrimp romesco with calamari, oysters, scallops, baby octopus, tinapa, hard boiled farm & chicharron
Where else can you get Chino-Latino coconut rice?
The motto here is "beers, food, women and jeeps"
Loved the Jeprox Salad, Bicol Express & the Pancit Malabok Negra. For dessert, try the Cascaron. The service was top notch. Our server, Natalie, was always attentive. Definitely coming back!
The Pancit Malabon Negra and Bulalo is a winner! For drinks- try the Cubao X (beer and tang combo)!
Have the cascaron for dessert--glutinous rice flour doughtnuts filled with jackfruit, ube, or chocolate. Then wash them down with the nutty Cubao X beer cocktail. Mabuhay!
San Miguel and Red Horses!
Order the tamales. Amazing. I would have taken a picture but I scarfed them down too fast.
The longanisa hamburger (chori burger) is one of the best things I've put in my mouth.
The escargot was choice.
Delicious burger!
this use to be fantastic but there have been a lot of changes
Homemade lemonade with vodka is amazing!
Escargot and goat cheese croquettes
The food is excellent! Be sure to taste the mussels with a Leon 75...
Not the same anymore. Miss the sticky date cake, old crew & cornelius
Sofia is the best here tip well
Fantastic food and great service. Well worth. Couple of visits. The steak is a must have
Get the spicy margarita. You'll appreciate ordering it.
Check out Maharlika on the weekend at this location! Filipino breakfast!
Buy a drink from bartender Nathan
Get drinks here while waiting for Motorinos. Waitress is amazing, the drinks are good too, go for the ginger martini.
Tender makes a solid martini. Good while you wait for Motorinos...
Great mojitos
I love this place!!! Great food great drinks and the best service.  Thisis not a place to skip.
Everything they serve is pretty good. Good neighborhood retaurant.
Jadore resto Leon. Cest un resto francais vraiment.
$25 prix fixe before 7p.m. on weekdays! The escargot appetizer is delish.
the sticky toffee pudding is a must. j'adore cornelius, viva resto leon!
hot damn sam, getcher self one of those grapefruit jalapeno margarita
get the red snapper ravioli
Pick up your Baked By Bub granola here
got stabbed no less than 6 times...
Not only was the five course meal absolutely amazing, the scene is set within an old ninja castle. Make sure to choose the "adventurous" way to your table when you arrive.
Delicious sashimi, guys! De-li-ci-ous!
Try the Tree Of Life - 1 Word, Awesome!!!  (via @Foodspotting)
Steamed Yuba Salad and Ninja Style Sashimi (go easy on oil). Obsessed with both. #FFactorApproved
How-to Be Famous1) "Star" on Fanbump.com.2) Inartmedia.com to promote yourself.3) Check-in with Foursquare
Despite being a "themed" restaurant, the food here is great, and the presentation even more exciting. Take the "ninja way" when entering.
Ninjas serve you sushi. Okay, now that we got that out of the way, the food is actually pretty good - tasty sushi and creative drinks. Just be sure to watch your back - you know how ninjas can be.
Most amazing bathrooms like ever. Seriously. You won't take a better pee in NYC
This place isn't just about the Ninja gimmick, the food is great and the staff have excellent situational awareness. They knew I was dining with my GF, and they rigged the dessert with a surprise rose
This place only has a B rating from the health department.
Food wasn't amazing but great restaurant to experience once. Try the toilet when you go to the bathroom =)
Well after you wait 45 minutes you go down elevator and you wait some more in another holding pen for another 20 mins. It's 9:35 and  had a 8:30 reservation and still no table.
Reservations are a joke. You end up waiting for 45 mins to an hour.
Toby was my waiter and was great. Food was excellent
food wasn't that good, and the stupid magician was lame, PLUS it was way over priced for the shitty food we had...
Bring your throwing stars and nunchucks.
Best place to take your out-of-towners, but also great for big groups of people who enjoy some fun. Drink the Rin and get the Steak-In-The-Box. Heaven will explode in your mouth!
Long wait, even if you a have a reservation.
Oscillation!!! that's all I gotta say! :-)
A definitely fun experience that you should enjoy once a month and the food is DELICIOUS <3 ESP DESSERT <3
Food and presentation is amazing... A great place to go eat and relax :-)!
Terrible food, great entertainment.  Order the Ninja Star dessert!
Came here for dinner. Didn't see any ninjas. Left dissatisfied.
Once you get over the novelty that your food is served by Ninjas you’ll enjoy some creative sushi rolls.  However, this place is all about the experience.  Did we mention the Ninjas?
Find a carrot in your miso soup and get stabbed by a ninja.
Come here just to say you have. The entertainment is fun but the food is just mediocre
Try the Rock n Roll -- pop rocks on sushi!
Bring a sword
Very fun ~
The best veggie burgers around!
The philly cheese steaks!!
Great sushi and delicious daily specials.
This spot is a favorite of accessories designer Jaclyn Mayer and installation artist Orly Genger. The two have teamed up to create a range of strong, streamlined rope jewelry, that is a must have!
With big specialty maki rolls that are delicious and also not that expensive, this is the perfect place to get your sushi fix.
Excellent japanese food. Great lunch deals. The tofu mixed which comes with 3 side dishes is a fantastic (for price $13.50, quantity and quality). (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
This place serves appetizers salad AND sushi all at the same time. No thanks, I'm never coming back here again...
Oceans 13 and anoconda roll with green tea crepe is so ridiculously good... waiters are hilarious especially shun!
sit at the sushi bar and try whatever the chefs suggest!
The miso cod is delicious!
Superman roll with a red miso and the sea bass dumplings. Delicious.
anaconda roll, sashimi special, huge menu.. and they have fugu!
Considering the reasonable prices, this may be your beat bet for sushi in New York!
The uni and hirasu here are outstanding!
The service, atmosphere and sushi was great; however, my friends and I were not fans of the green tea crepe.
Delicious eel rolls.  First time here and pleasantly surprised. Red miso was good, but even I who loves salt, found it a little too salty. Would get it again though.
You HAVE to try their Green Tea Mille Crepe!
Get the red miso soup and the oceans 13 roll!
Apollo 13 is a great maki roll!
Oceans 13 - an amazing roll.  Green tea crepe is also great.
The wait was very long for an okay sub... Te 80s movies from tapes are great to pass the time, though.
The chicken cutlet hero is outstanding.
Don't order the flauntas
Great selection of beer but extremely over priced.
I ordered delivery. They were out of stock on one item, so the delivery guy purchased it at another deli on his way to me and charged me cost. Amazing service. They look out for their customer.
The udon is awesome!
Free Miso soup with sushi rolls during weekday lunch.
Chicken Tempura Udon SPICY!!
Awesome udon!
Tommy's Combo - pre packaged sammy. So bomb!
Curry chicken salad - good times!
Correction...307 West Bway... open 24hrs
Orwashers jelly doughnut
Bathroom no longer secret
Continuing their occupation of high-profile properties, Blue Bottle holds down a standing-room only stall just inside the door of the attractive gourmet mall All Good Things on Franklin St in TriBeCa.
The hot dogs at the Dickson's counter are the best in the city. You'll never eat a dirty water dog again.
Blue Bottle coffee, and a secret bathroom downstairs.
Brooklyn hipster food comes to triburbia
If you're lucky, Jonathan will let you try the Pumpkin Rye. Either way, be sure to have a cocktail.
Try the chilli. Phenomenal!
Love Guatemala to stay with a side almond croissant at a table by the window
Blue Bottle drip coffee sold here. Brings me right back to SF.
I'm obsessed with this indoor stall market. You can get fresh produce, fresh fish, fresh meats & cheeses in addition to flowers & coffee. And there's even a small bar at the end! So perfect.
You can choose your own jam to be filled in their doughnut (no innuendos here)
A sublime mini Chelsea Market, the only thing I can say is missing is a restroom to keep me here longer :(
Get the salted caramel from Nunu Chocolates. Eat. Repeat.
A market full of yummy things such as coffee, cheese, chocolate and ice cream.
All the best stuff--Dickinson's Farmstead Meats, Blue Bottle, Blue Marble, Polux flowers--in one place! Obsessed!
Mind blown. It's a little difficult to take in this much awesome at once.
went here twice, bought the same exact thing both times, and paid different prices, you need to order one item at a time and adk for price check after ordering each memu item
The bk chiefs choice burger's sauce taste like mcdonalds old arch delux burger sauce.
HOME OF THE WHOPPER
I just love the fries
I love the new toper sandwiched
Checked in here and unlocked the Jetsetter badge for 5th check in at an airport. Whats wrong with that picture?
Mozzarella sticks, fries, cheesecake and vanilla milkshake :)
I love the california whopper
Try  the california Whopper
If you find yourself eating at this BK, take note of the building before you enter.  It once housed the Loew's Delancey Theatre from 1912 to 1977.
When I have to go to a bar for a clean restroom? Faaail!
Get busy in the bathroom!
Whenever Grim Death comes to end me, I hope to God that it will take me faster than these people take a food order.
Computer doesnt work well though! :)
Try the blueberry muffin :)
Try chai tea latte!!
Great coffee
Ask the sommelier for wine suggestions. Rosso de Veo was an amazing choice!
Great artists, uncomfortable seating, understaffed service, crap food.
(Men) pee on the television. ;-)
See our special offer to unlock your mission!
Los Lobos NYE 2013 at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
Los Lobos at  Monday, Dec 31, 2012
It was a great show. Scratch that, it was a fantastic show!
$2.25 surcharge when you get tickets at the box office.
Stick with flatbreads or cheese for food, skip casked wines. Shows are awesome!  Always. VIP seating area reasonably priced and worth it.
NCR Mobile Pay is now available at City Winery! Look for the code on your receipt and visit ncrpay.com to pay with your smartphone!
Teddy Thompson is a master of witty onstage banter!
Loading dock out back is the best place to catch an outdoor show in a concrete jungle. Drinks are surprisingly reasonable.
There is a separate dining area during the day, apart from the stage room. Go down the street, and go up the carpeted ramp. Try any flat bread - you can't go wrong.
It's a trip to be in our old office space -- from 1999 when Comet Systems was downstairs in the old El Diario offices. I'm pretty sure I see where the pool table used to be!
They serve a delicious Asian baby.
Kristina (a hostess or waitress) is absolutley phenomenal.
City Winery is Manhattan’s first winery in 40 years. Ask about creating your own private label wine.
Wine and live music. Nothing better. Did a Zeppelin and wine paring event here a few years back. Make your own wine!
Best mens urinal ever
Staff is great...and so is the wine made in-house!
one of my favorite places ever to get dinner, listen to live music and drink some wine. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Awesome spot to see a concert. Get a VIP table (usually only $10 more or so) and a bottle of wine. Or 2.
City Winery's uncorking a good time with complimentary tickets http://exm.nr/FO4VKX
I don't know about this flatbread situation but all the food we ordered was bad.
Watch the Oscars at this rustic Soho wine bar and performance space for just $6 (includes a glass of wine).  Double-check for this year.
Pecan crusted halibut is delish!
This place is best on nights with Aram's wedding.
Great lunch spot--quiet, nearly empty, w/ free wifi & good salads (...and wine, hello)
For Complimentary &/or Reduced Admission, VIP, Guest List, VIP & table reservations, call/text 917.653.0768, or visit www.crisac.com/acl.asp for full line-up of our events in NYC & Las Vegas.
Turns out it's a cool supper club" venue. Love to see jazz or special acoustics there!
Best Mac N Cheese the truffle oil just attacks your taste buds!
One of NYC's best beer lists. As Amazing as drinking in Antwerp!
Wonderful brunch. Omelets are amazing
Get the scallops!!!
A nice bar for a date or catching up with a friend. Definitely good for mussels/beer after work.
Steak frites is awesome here!
Literally 3 inches between tables. Tempted to feed the aging tourist couple to my right. No fire egress. "Hello 311!"
The pilsner, while delicious, is served in too small of a glass to quench thine thirst.
Try the French Onion Soup.
we ended up waiting for over 15 and then came to the hostess to ask to be seated inside to get service. Can't say I was.thrilled with the food either. Beer selection was good
Order the De Koninck on draft.
The last oyster will get ya.
Get the Waterzooi.  Best thing on the incredible menu.
My tip is to avoid this place at all costs. A Belgian restaurant that destroys mussels is a FAIL.
best french onion soup around the west village!
A great Belgian restaurant with an impressive beer list and very authentic menu.
definitely share the mussels and frites.
Great beer menu
If you're lucky enough when you sit at the bar you will be served by Kit. He is awesome.
Celebrating our engagement where we had our first date!
Smells like Europa!
I might have overeaten to the point of sickness, the food is that good. The duck salad is unique & delish. The pesto linguini & steak are yummy too.  Seating is kinda uncomf. (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Diverse menu with great food options. The ambiance is very happy and upbeat. Love this place!
Holy shit, INSANELY GOOD MUSSELS! Get the curry & cilantro steamed pot & a side of the best Malpec oysters I've ever had the pleasure of shucking
Country pate and the Mussels in white wine
Four cheese Mac and Cheese - must have.
Good fries and omlets. Good for in and out lunch if with coworkers.
one of my favorite restaurants in nyc!  everything is delicious!
Apesar da especialidade serem os mariscos, comi uma carne bem boa.
The only place I'll meet @gauri for breakfast! (4 of 4 petals via Fondu)
Check your food before you leave.  I ordered curry chicken and received jerk chicken and didn't realize until I got back to my office.  Now my mouth is on fire (and I like spicey food). :-(
Man was I disappointed after finding this cart.....talk about grease in the food. The pic speaks for itself....smh
Was once a great spot to have an authentic Jamaican meal. Over the past couple of months, it has turned into some of the worst you can buy. Just had some ox-tail and it was tough, lacked seasoning and
This place is by Oneil Reid, who jolts Midtown taste buds w/flavorful oxtails, tasty curries, tangy escovitch fish (head included!) and spicy jerk chicken. With a 40 minute wait, get there early!
The jerk chicken is delicious, inexpensive and spicy, just the way I like it.
Really disappointing. Ordered a chicken sandwich and came with a sliver of chicken. Not even half a breast. Maybe they ran out, but then say that. Wouldn't have enjoyed even if it was good.
If it's Thursday (and you like pig's tails) you *must* order the stew peas. Everything else is good too, and a small is plenty for anybody. (Even the mini-meal isn't that mini.)
The mini is plenty of food, no major need for a small size
Huge portions for a vendor cart. Come for the Jerk Chicken. Stay for the random reggae videos they play on the 42" Plasma attached to the side of the cart.
EPIC SALAD BAR.
The cups for water are comparable to shot glasses. Bring your own.
Don't get the grilled cheese, unless you want an overpriced oven-toasted cheese sandwich.
Graham cracker coffee is amazing!
Dear bread market, your old salad system was faster and more efficient. Now there is always a queue...
Best deal in NYC: all coffee varieties 1/2 price after 3 pm everyday. $0.75 for a cup of joe? Hell, yes!
For Lunch: Turkey Swiss Lettuce Tomato Sprouts Avocado Hummus on ciabatta w/ San Pellegino Limonata
Get the points card to save $ as a frequent guest!
They went up! Haha either way $5.50 burritos on Fridays are awesome
The burritos are 5.50, michael is a lying communist!
Unique salad toppings like grilled squash/zucchini.
Cold inside
Awesome burritos
$5 Burritos every Friday is an amazing deal
Amazing *Drooling*
Skip the pineapple chicken.
They don't have anything labeled for lunch specials, which makes ordering a longer process.
Excellent food and pricing...
Never saw a roach.     Btw.  It's new York city.     They are everywhere anyway    Just not in the food
Cheap 'n dirty.
BBQ Chicken and Garlic Chicken with Brown Rice - do it
No roaches but new staff and cosmetic changes to the place. Thumbs up.
AWESOME BBQ Shrimp!
The General Tso Shrimp with Teriyaki chicken is Bomb!
Roaches. Everywhere. Don't eat here.
PHOTO: Right next door, the Three Deuces was a famous jazz club throughout the 30s and 40s. Click "More Info" of this great historic pic!
Good food at a super low price.
I love the Garlic Chicken and Shrimp
good fast and cheap food
BBQ chicken is the best - like the garlic chicken too
We had the Tsukune and Yakitori, and they were both pretty medicore.
They've raised their prices.
Bad service and i dont usually complain.
The food here is a hit or a miss...
dinner deals under $20, including soup, two main dishes and ice-cream!!  super delicious and authentic.
Amazing sushi! Highly recommended :) An actual Japanese chef makes the sushi.
For a quieter meal, ask to be placed at a table in one of the semi-private rooms upstairs
Service is impeccable - as is the food - great hidden spot!
Excellent cheesecake with fresh blueberries...daviola pizza....cheese ravioli....
Sutton Place – Offering a bottomless all-day brunch (10 am til midnight on Sat and til 11pm on Sun). Bottomless mimosas are free with brunch items all day (every weekend). Food ranges $12 – 15
The pasta and salad are delicious! I really like this restaurant.
They need to invest in colder water
They try really hard not to offer their happy hour special, so be persistent.
3 Words - Chicken parm panini !
Get the bufalina doc its a little taste of napoli.
The lasagna is to die for!!! Pretty cheep and free refills!! And canollis are here!!
Diavola pizza w spicy sopressata awesome. Buffalina w house made mozzarella awesome. Best is server Jasmine-charmed our 4yo and she's on point
the san daniele is delicious
Terrible!!! Ice in a mimosa?! Unheard of!!!  Avoid this place!!
Unlimited mimosas on the weekend with any brunch menu.
Have to try the happy hour, 2 for 1 house wine and bud!! And my favorite is the four season pizza, enjoy!!
The Crab Fried Rice is in the "secret menu". Ask for it ;)
The crispy corn is a must!!! The Ba-Mee Kang Kai is one of my favorites - it can be a little hot so I recommend getting it mild unless you like it really hot/spicy.
Get the crispy corn - it's delicious!
Classes are excellent, Wine and Cheese pairing offered interesting cheeses and wines (like Spanish Godello and a lovely Robiola cheese), along with a few "favorites" like cheddar and prosecco
This was an excellent class that provided advice on the best wine and cheese pairings. Definitely recommend. A little loud but cool
Take a class there...it's educational, fun, and a great value!
Had a great time at the italian wine and cheese tasting!
With over 200 varieties of goat, sheep, cow and mixed milk cheeses, you’ll spend hours in the spectacular cheese cave. Camembert’s calling…
Wine tasting every thursday
The Brie is aged in a cold area, imported from France and amazingly creamy.
Great Halal!  Food truck love!
Gyro over rice with extra white sauce...
DELIVERY ONLY!!  It was sooo good! http://newyork.grubstreet.com/2011/05/introducing_savory_a_delivery-.html
Just ordered take out!  Sooo yummy!!!!  Looking fwd to visiting in person!
Inside the Sheraton Times Square; probably the best burger in Manhattan...!
fat duck burger is the way to go
Mixed Mushroom Burger...delisch!
Great burgers at night. Tell them Chef Joe sent you.
The staff is amazing here!
My former boss had a gathering here. it was buffet style. the food is really good!!
get the iskandar.
I always get the hot & cold mezze!
wi-fi password: 47dervish - via 4sqwifi.com
The lentil soup & the moussaka are amazing!!!
The Kuneve is ok. But it is way too sweet for me!
Try the Kunefe desert. Delicious!
Iskender kebab - do it!
try the dessert with baked cheese. simply amazing.
Ask them what is halal on the menu
Sultan's Delight is delicious but a bit rich
The three course pre-fix menu is a good deal
Nice quiet place for a drink in the area. Ask them about their Turkish wine selection.
Check out Live Jazz Fridays: 930-1130 and Sundays: 730-1030.
Service was marginal.  Cheesecake to share and die for.  Coffee is horrible.
Beyond rude. Made us wait then wouldn't serve us because we only wanted coffee. Avoid at all costs.
Terrible deli. There is no heat in the place and the food is overpriced and overcooked.
Fried macaroni and cheese and cheesecake is a must!
Try the Tuna Sushi (via @Foodspotting)
Must have cheesecake!!!!!!!!!!
The burger was good, the fries old... All pricey. the kicker: waiter insisting for 18% tip and told us that's what we should do! Horribly rude and thought we didn't know better! Don't go!!
Fine, the Individual Pizza is perfect to share
if you don't have the lunch/dinner, U won't be allowed to sit on the big table. It's really bad.
Don't go! Really expensive, bad service and the waiter insists to have $8 tips for a $50 bill!
The food is pretty decent and I suppose you get a lot for your money. But charging $7 for 2 people to share a dish is robbery. But it's Times Square so I guess it's expected.
Turkey burger was pretty good.  Partner had the carved turkey sandwich. He liked it. Over the top prices.  The waiters are typical nyc rude.
The New York swirl is to die for!
Pizza is a bad idea.
Corned Beef was dry and turning brown. Rye bread was also drying out. While you shouldn't expect much from a Times Square deli, Carnegie is still a better choice.
Food was good. Waiter takes forever. Bad atmosphere. Maybe I'll come back. Wasn't thrilled
Don't Go! Dirty Bathroom, serves Wine in liquor glass and everyone is MADD if they serve you! Stay Away!
Don't Go! Dirty Bathroom, serves Wine in liquor glass and everyone is made if they serve you! Stay Away!
Cheesecake is a reason to visit Roxy!!! Blueberry one is FAB!!
This place blows. Avoid at all costs. Overpriced, shitty service, and horrible atmosphere. Money better spent elsewhere!
No volvería al lugar, nada de lo que pedimos fue bueno
Bad food and bad service
Awful, avoid at all costs.  Anything fried has an awful bitter taste, most likely fr
Bring lots of money with you
This place was pretty bad, huge portions for huge prices! Unfortunately you will leave most of it uneaten!
Not impressed, just got baked goods/pastries to go (Canoli, black & white cookie, lintzer cookie...). The  lintzer cookie was the best of the trio
Cheesecake rocks!!!
Don't dress warm.
Roxy's Delicatessen is on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade path! Tune in and catch the Lewis the Duck "On the Roll Again" parade float presented by Homewood Suites by Hilton.
This place is a MUST
A mostarda no pote a sua frente é forte de fazer chorar. Misture com o molho sauce que acompanha o maravilhoso entrecort e a mistura fica perfeita!!!
Others have said this too; order the steak rare!  Coffee is also very good
Try the L'Entrecote Steak Frites - New Years Eve dinner with Kyle and Caitlin!  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the steak frites
Kinda ghetto that the waitresses can't remember what style meat should be cooked
It's not cool to lick the plate... Right?
Get the steak rare, a bottle of the house red, and the Gateau du Relais for dessert. Yum.
Great value - a crisp green salad with mustard vinaigrette followed by steak frites (free refills on steak & fries!!!) for just $25!
Have the steak. Because you pretty much have no other option.
Don't sit outside .... they forgot us for 20 mins and made no effort to make it up
Not the last word in steak but very good value, the house red is a good value.
Ask for Marlín's section... one of the best here
Everything on the menu is perfection!  ;)
Watch out for the yellow mustard. It's super spicy!!
Great food ! And great wine list !
Meat refill! And fries refill too!
eat as many pommes frites as you like!
steak frites (rare), not that you have much of an option
Good food. Shitty service.
Only have one thing on the menu. The entrecote steak and fries are topped with a secret house sauce!
Order the freedom fries. They are excellent.
Greeting the check could be quite a wait. Good steak and fries. Get them rare.
We can't say it enough. Get the frites WITH the sauce.
complimentary wine Mondays!
Do make room for desserts! And order the house wine.
Order your steak medium if you typically like medium rare. I also think the house red is fine.
Profiteroles!!!
As good as the original one in Paris. Meat is even better. And the sauce  still so unique.
Save room for desert! The list is long!!!
The house champagne is not bad either!!!
The most poorly designed Sbux in NYC. Line to order blocks the door and door funnels in icy air all winter/boiling air all summer. An would it kill them to have someone take orders from ppl waiting?
The morning staff is lovely and efficient!
They really know how to move through a busy rush hour line. Fast service.
Possibly the most poorly designed Sbux in NYC. Line snakes in front of entrance and tiny pickup counter is always blocked. Outdoor seating is only plus here.
I love the outdoor seating here so few Starbucks have it.
So much better than the one two blocks away (at 50th and Lex). Really.
The Skinny Cinnamon Dolce latte is amazing.
Why do you need to leave a tip for Starbucks?  It's STARBUCKS!
I love the cashiers they get my order fast & friendly
Surprisingly enough, you can always manage to find a seat with an outlet here.
Don't leave negative tips, at least he/she has a job
Watered down coffee. Strangely totally different from other Starbucks stores
A good stop in the AM because they aren't as crowded as most
New cashier guy looks like he's mad at the world. Poor service here!
Nuestro lugar de desayuno en el viaje
Классика жанра - завтрак в Starbucks )))
This is literally the worst Starbucks. Rudest staff ever. I only go when I'm late bc it's across the street from my office!
Skinny vanilla latte here is basically just steamed milk. Go to the Starbucks on 50 and lex (next to Godiva)!
One cashier/helper is not very nice there. Very rude and tries to deter from getting our well deserved refills.
Poor service today!
The only open asian restaurant during lunch time..smiley service and delicious
Order the Rock 'n Shrimp! It's delicious.
Beef satay... Amazing.
The Asian Combo lasts me for three meals!!! So much food for under $15! My fave is the baby eggplant in garlic sauce with chicken.
Lunch time is ok.
This is my "Cheers". Great happy hour, food and friendly service.
Half-priced drinks 5-7 every day. Friendly service. Good food.
Possibly the worst meal I've ever tasted.
its VERY good prices for the quality of sushi they make, esp for midtown! we order work dinner from here 9/10 times lol
i saw a rat :s But the fried sushi was very good
It didn't make me puke last time so I came back!
Sucks!!!! The worst "Thai" fried rice. Only come here for the drinks. Really I'm serious food sucks!!!
Its not a station but the people are indeed Asian.
Closed! Heartbroken :-(
The best thing about Kurio (other than the home-made meat loaf) is the quiet, country-like ambiance.  Perfect for a romantic dinner.
Order anything from the menu. The appetizers are all good. The entrees,the lamb shank is on the menu, get it. It is great. I have had it all and I don't have a favorite. Always happy
Order a mixed drink from the list all of them are fantastic!
Best mixed drinks in manhattan! Grilled chorizo, polenta, green bean tempura, steak au poivre, chorizo and white bean, spinach and okra stew! Oh yeah beef empanadas and BBQ ribs!
Pretty good pizza! It was the first slice I had in New York, and I came back before my plane to get another!
The margharita pizza is terrible. Stick with plain.
Didn't see any .75 cent deal. The Sicilian slice was awful but the spinach and ricotta was decent. Over priced in my opinion.
Grab a delicious NYC slice just steps from the hotel!
for 99 cents. its a great lunch time pizza!
Ask for the price before you get anything!!!! A slice of pizza was 5.99!!
Dingy looking
Mediocre at best and NOT one of the classic "Ray's". FYI.
Good pizza; great location.
mellow mushroom is not better
4 slices $24
Ok first "New York" pizza.  It's just ok....Mellow Mushroom Way better!!!
Awesome hot wings!!
pizza is just good, nothing spectacular but it's open 24h
$1 menu all day
75 cent slices! It's like 1983 with these prices! (bonus pts for my rhyming tip)
Terrible french fries. Good pizza for .75 a slice. Good pepperoni garlic bites.
Best pizza
$.75 slices for a limited time! Totally worth the price.
The pizza is actually not very good. Try somewhere else.
Don't order bacon and sausage. $6.50 per slice! Insane
Ask for jalepenos!
The L4 lunch special for $6.95 is a fantastic deal
#1 - chicken teriyaki and cali roll for $6.75 is awesome!
Another place with wall sockets to charge your electronics while your apartment has lost power due to the impact of hurricanes.
Grand Opening Special: 10% off until July 31
The lemon and pear or lemon and coconut sorbet are AMAZING!
Pistachio or bust!
Celebrating National Ice Cream Day, we all scream for ice cream on December 13th. http://exm.nr/sfKAhx
Once you go Gelato you never go back!  The place is a bit characterless, but the Gelato is divine!  Try the Egg Cream, The Espresso or the Green Tea.
Grom for superb (if pricey) classic gelato. They should also be famous for their hot chocolate, and there's even a place to sit down and sip it.
When this place first opened, the line was around the block.  Now it's a lot shorter, but the gelato is still amazing.
Try the yogurt and extra dark chocolate ice cream..my best..:)
Straciatella...yum!
Ask nicely and they'll make you an affogato (gelato + espresso).
Melon sorbet is sensational!
Indulgent, rich, and pleasing gelato. -Eric Wolitzky, Top Chef Just Desserts
Love the VERY dark chocolate one
Vegan Friendly! Raspberry Sorbet and Lemon Sorbet together make an excellent treat. Love. Wish there was one in Hoboken, NJ!
For these prices, they should accept American Express.
some of the best gelato, incredible flavors. Service is great and the staff is very patient.
Get a medium cup and choose three flavors - melon, raspberry & lemon made an uber-delicious combo!!
Allow me to live the lie that gelato is better for you than ice cream, and I’ll reward you with the secret to ending a sticky NYC night in bliss
a cup with 1/2 nociola and 1/2 cioccolato fondente is the perfect treat.
The stracciatella is SO good.  Do it!
The Nocciola is out of this world!
Yummy hazelnut
I prefer the West Village location, but there's no better frozen treat in NYC.
Alice's is always wonderful. Super fun to go w friends, order their Mad Hatter, and have a tea party! Can't go wrong w any of their menu items, and the staff is always friendly.
Not a good place for lunch. Ordered Salmon sandwich and got a couple of pieces of salmon on brown bread. $13 and not worth half of that. My gf ordered a tuna sandwich and it was equally bad @ $11 :-(
First time here, all I can say... It's amazing. Earl Grey Darjeeling with a berry scone with clotted cream to boot.
Get a scone. Any scone. You won't regret it.
Lots of great pastries and a long wait on the weekends plus hostess is rude
Chocolate chai tea is a MUST! It was absolutely delicious!!
Get the pumpkin scone! For savory try the curried chicken salad or the hamburger.
The Christmas Tea is delicious!!
The scones here are memorable, w/ clotted  cream & raspberry jam.  Try the cucumber watercress sandwich.  Perfect for a rainy weekday afternoon.
Half soup/salad portions were bigger than expected, really nice for a light meal! Warm lentil salad is fantastic.
Christmas Brew is SO good. And the maple blueberry scone :)
The takeout counter is brimming with baked goodies and a variety of140 different teas.
The African Dew Tea is amazing an a great substitute for coffee.
Come here for brunch and order the bread pudding french toast with berries. Best breakfast I've had in a while. Selection of teas is extensive and impressed this tea snob.
Try the pumpkin scones -- they are amazing!
Go ahead. Relive your childhood memories and be Alice all over again. Invite your friends for a tea party and get the Jabberwocky for unlimited sandwiches with your pot o' tea.
Wait on the weekends but totally worth it. Alice's makes the best pumpkin pancakes I have ever had.
Had to wait awhile for a table, but the scones, man, the scones.
cute place.  very small and looong wait. had a bad cust svc experience as we sent something back that my daughter didn't like. still charged for it and what we ordered to replace it.
Amazing scones and the warm lentil salad is also really good! Best tea on the menu is Sparrow's Sorrow.
Order the tea and scones for two! Lots of choices and only $10
2 hour wait for a party of 5... Get here early!
Indian Chai is the absolute best thing on the menu. Try it and leave happy~
Antioxidants oh my! Sit down to your own pot of one of HUNDREDS of amazing healthy teas offered at this gem of a tea-house. Top pick: the Rooibos Bourbon --mmmnnn!
A real treat place! Their teas, 25+ types, are brewed to perfection. And they have dozens to choose from. It's girly in decor, but that keeps very few guys away, as the food is terrific.
If you're hungry and with another friend, the Madhatter is the best deal for you.  You get two sandwiches, three scones, two pots of tea and dessert for $23/person!
Pumpkins scones are to die for, especially right out of the oven.
Best Scones in the City....Well second best scones in the city, and when I say second best they are second only to the ones I make in my own kitchen.
Ask for Ryan. Tell him I sent you.
Clean, attractive space. Great prices for the location. And a lunch selection that's more extensive than customary.
Greasy but good Singapore noodles. Very reasonable lunch prices too!
If you like spicy, order the beef in hot red pepper sauce - excellent!
Hiro Sushi is conveniently located by all the beautiful buildings on Riverside Blvd and our BLU Realty Group Office. Great place to grab lunch or dinner.
Grab a late meal. They're usually there late nights (Mon-Fri, from 12am to around 4am). Rice dishes, gyros, burgers, etc. all Halal meat.
Lunch specials are affordable, under $10, and house salad is anything but ordinary. Everything a NYC neighborhood pizzeria should be.
Thin-crust whole wheat pizza with pepperoni and mushroom is amazing. Took a friend who said it was "the best pizza he ever had." Wash it down with a Sixpoint The Crisp and you're good to go!
paper thin, overpriced, extra greasy. skip it.
Worst service ever. Took forever to be seated and waited on. Guy w all the tattoos clearly doesn't understand customer service& acts as if everyone owes him something. Won't be coming back here again!
The stuffed mushroom appetizer is a waste of money. It is literally one HALF of ONE mushroom- don't even think about sharing. Royal waste of $8.
Shroomtown pizza has white truffle oil!
the shroomtown pizza on whole grain crust is no joke.
Pizza may be good, but service is horrible and disorganized. Always a long wait b/c of bad mgmt. skip and go to Posto's in east village
Try the Roasted Beet And Goat Cheese Salad (via @Foodspotting)
They've expanded!!!!
Get The Big Pineapple and Shroomtown and thank me later.
The Classica. Hands-down THE best thin crust pizza in New York
Garlic Bread w/Cheese --> fantastic!
Cheap wine and great thin crust!
Order the mushroom pizza...yum
Opt for the fresh lemonade. It comes with a bottle of sugar water so you can sweeten to taste.
Best crust, not too salty. Fresh toppings. Great atmosphere.
Super thin (and crispy!) crust makes it amazingly delicious, but not so filling unless you order a lot.
Pretty amazed at the amount of toppings for a thin crust pizza. Fresh mutz and basil abound on the Classico.
Go for the BBQ chicken pizza, and ask for some pineapples while you're at it. When they say thin crust, they mean THIN.
Very goooddd spinach salad
Hangin Vine Vino Pinot noir.. Outstanding... Also the garlic cheese bread.. Life saver
The bread pudding is amazing!
Bad experience. Asked for greenpepper n basil n was served eggplant n basil .. Ewwww... N it was a takeaway which i had no option but throw...
Great lunch special -- 2 slides and a soda for $5
Great pizza, disgusting service.. Yet I still find my way back despite finding a new service disappointment each time
Go for the Shroomtown!
Get the shroomtown! The place is small and gets pretty busy, but the outdoor patio is great for warmer evenings.
Nothing can hit the spot like some authentic thin crust pizza like at Vezzo!
If it was in Nolita or the West Village someone would claim this is the best pizza in town. Since it is in Murray Hill, it is even better
Pretty good place, like an authentic burger joint :-) with old rock & roll playing, huge helping of fries, great thick, shakes & even a 10% student discount!
Very greasy. Use caution.
Really like the ability to order 1/2 fry 1/2 onion straw side.
delicious options for great burgers in an otherwise deserted part of town. but $1 for mayo? it's a rip. refuse + they'll give it 2 u free. awesome mushroom burgers, though.
Easily one I the best burger joints in Queens. Great food, atmosphere, and staff. Don't pass this place up.
Gluten-free hot dogs & burgers - complete w/ buns! Dedicated frier for fries. GF beer also available.
Gluten free!!! Buns, beer, fries...they can accomodate!
Meh! Try bareburger instead.
The Burger Garage2536 Jackson Ave (at 44th Drive), Long Island City, NY 11101Burger Joint (Edit)
Fried onions are a must!
Best burger joint in the world! Succulent food and they have BEER!
Try the double cheese burger
Opened by Palm Restaurant owners, this converted industrial garage is now a burger joint.
Slightly hidden in LIC, worth the detour.
Messy but oh so good
Not a place I would recommend. Could say more but then it would just be mean.
Hamburger America filmaker George Motz has called this counter joint one of his favorite NYC newcomers. The star-butcher blend here—a 4oz mix of chuck, brisket & short rib—is a legitimate draw.
A New favorite! Way better than 5 guys, juicy DELICIOUS burgers in a CLEAN restaraunt. rated an "A" by NYC sanitation. Yumm!
Gluten free burger & hotdogs available!
This place is great in every way. Highly recommended
Decent but 5 Guys is a lot better & FU for running out of shakes...the sign says 'Burgers Fries Shakes'
Cant go wrong with banana or strawberry milkshake.
Single with American, sweet potato fries & a vanilla shake. Divine.
Some good pedigree to the ingredients here: the meat is a Black Angus custom-blend from LaFrieda, tomatoes are from Greenpoint purveyor Eli & Ali's, and the bread is gluten-free.
I like the coffee here
Everything I have had is excellent: chicken noodle soup, steak tacos, Reuben and great prices too!
They make great homemade soups every day. Always stellar.
Call and ask about the lunch specials. They're usually pretty solid.
this place is seriously delicious. fried chicken, baby back ribs and meat loaf all tasty. they put truffle salt on the fries, omg! wait staff is friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.
Bacon anything!
Duck confit Sloppy Joe and Salmon Benny were especially good, a were the goat cheese cheesecake and sticky toffee cake. Only weird things were the fishy-tasting, truffle-oiled fries.
The Kentucky fried apples... Wow!! Just delicious! Awesome place. Great service. Great food!
Beer battered bacon
LIC Lemonade...totes amaze.
Nice place to go on a classy date.
The duck confit Sloppy Joe is a decadently delicious brunch treat.  Highly recommended.
Hands down best restaurant in LIC.  Go for brunch, go for dinner, go for a cocktail.  Love.
Whiskey Tuesdays: $8 drinks. "Barkeep's special" is a good choice. Not sure if it changes but tonight it included Red Stag and Jim Beam, among other things. Happy hour ends at 7 p.m.
Try the Wild Mushrooms on Toast - amazing late night snack/dinner... cheers! (via @Foodspotting)
The fish was amazing tonight!
you have to go to queens to be served by the best bartender in nyc, Jonathan
The most AMAZING burger I've ever had... Battered bacon? YES please! Sloppy joe is ok, popcorn is good to try, bread pudding is good if you catch it made fresh.
Get the popcorn. To die for!
Staff is wonderful here.  The owner Jeff came over & introduced himself.  Love the personal touch.
Settle into a gently curved melon-colored booth and get a dark pint of Long Ireland Breakfast Stout on tap.
Ordered for delivery and it was very good. Hoping for the best in person tho I've heard some bad press.
Great pig tails!
Recommended sandwiches include the popular duck confit "sloppy joe" with smoked ricotta, roasted garlic crostini, truffle, red wine onions and baby greens.
The Roast Pig dish is good. Portion size is a bit small though.
Mushroom toast is delicious.  Wait staff was so nice.
Sloppy joe w/ duck eggs and duck confit. Yes please.
Best bloody Mary I've ever had! Yummy food....arugula salad & Mac n cheese
smoked trout salad. short ribs. bread pudding. LIC come-up. but drinks are eh, stick to wine.
Great service, atmosphere and food. No brainer. Go here immediately.
the mushroom toast, oh the mushroom toast!!
Mac and cheese bolognese was bolognesy and delicious. Lamb fell off the bone. We are definitely ordering dessert.
By far the best food in LIC.
The food I disappointing as well as the service ... We waited forever for our plates to be cleared. I had high hopes for this place... What a let down.
Try the Super-Healthy Salad - #balanced #healthy #fresh #vegetarian #elegant #simple #cold  (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Lemonana - A refreshing mint lemonade (via @Foodspotting)
Sundance winning film "Tibet in Song" opens Sept 24th at Cinema Village.  Tickets available online and at the box office.  Q&A with filmmaker every evening.
do amazing catering! trays of momos, potato salad and khatsa hot sauce baby!
It sounds crazy to buy rolls, but just do it.
Big  slices....
fuck anthoys pizzeria
T.G.I.Thursday After Work @DyckmanBar ur fav day of the week...live beats, strong booze&bites 5p-2a drink specials til 9p
1 dollar slices of cheese pizza between 1-4 pm Sunday through Friday. Totally worth it.
Yeah I'm surprise @ their grading
Seriously, this place is pretty gross.  Unless you don't mind filthy fingers all over your slice.  AND I have a feeling the guys working there have started skimming off the register. BEWARE.
Only place to find salami Higüeral :-)
Great smoothie/juice selection!
Get the pancakes...mmmmmmmmmmm
They have two booths now. Good, standard Chinese takeout and tex-mex too. Weird, but I like it.
Do not dine in! No place to sit. Place is kinda grimy!
Tacos. Eggrolls. Together at last.
100% Beef Hot Dogs & Sausage Dogs (Sabrett). Nachos. Chicken & Tofu Fajitas (Vegetarian Fajitas). Homemade Chili, Sauteed Onions, Coleslaw, Spicy Mango Sauce, Hot Pepper Sauce, Greek Pepper Spread..
Hooked on the cheese Danish as wellas the pea & scallion twists!
lotus-wrapped sticky rice with shrimp and chinese sausage. $2.50. so delicious.
Taro balls are amazing
Check us out on Facebook, www.facebook.com/faydabakery
$1 cans of coke
Roast pork buns in the west village!
Try the coconut bun!
Yummy & cheap.
Really liked the Taro Bun. Not too sweet. Great value.
$1.10 average for buns and tarts! Open early in the morning, stop by for an Egg Custard and a milk tea, perfect breakfast combo.
I love the tuna bun!!!
By far, the best use of retail space adjacent to the high-traffic W4th St. train station...
Lunch special pork belly
Mom-approved Filipino food. Get dinuguan, tocino, sinigang, and pancit palabok. Finish with the halo-halo special. Busog na ako! - Jake Manabat, Hunting Season
Great authentic food but service can be very inconsistent - slow, wrong orders, forgotten orders, etc. Try to go at odd times when there aren't too many people.
I love grilled pork belly.
This place is really good. Great $8 lunch specials. The binagoogan is delicious as is the adobo chicken.
It's all about the halo-halo and bistec. Reminds me of cafes in Ayala Alabang, Manila. Share authentic Filipino (vs fusion) with friends here if you don't have patience for Queens, like me.
A wonderful and generous portion of deliciousness in a bowl...
Lechon kawali!
Halo-halo fortress FTW!
Ask them to double fry the crispy pata and mix in a stick of butter in your rice
Best pancit sotanghon I've ever had!
Nice lunch/brunch specials. Brunch options are very fun.
The pancit and leche flan take me back home. "lutong bahay" - home style Filipino cooking!
Try the pork belly and sinigang na bangus! Everything's good specially the service! :)
Got the chicken adobo and it was pretty good... The people are nice and the regular are even nicer!
The special halo halo with ube ice cream was the bestttt!
It's East 21st, not west
Best Filipino Brunch in Manhattan. Get the tosilog with garlic fried rice and wash it down with Buko Juice
The sigsig  and adobe chicken is very good
Save room for dessert - the Halo Halo special with purple ube ice cream!
Great waiters..haha their awesome..lol
Great time! Friendly staff and awesome owner.. Adobo!
Horrible experience with fishes but chicken soup is good. Don forget the halohalo & flan!
Mm, kare kare and halo-halo!
A truly hidden gem! Try the Adobo Pork Chunks – the pork is so tender you won’t need to use your knife and can give back to your waiter!
Crispy Pata, Kare-Kare, Sisig, Binagoongan, Dinugu-an, Lumpia Shanghai and Lechon Kawali... Hmmm... The best Leche Flan, Cassava Cake, Halo-Halo and Bibingka. Yummy!
if you're feeling daring, get the Sisig <3 and make sure you leave room for Dessert!
Try the Halo-halo (via @Foodspotting)
Try the Beef Caldereta (via @Foodspotting)
Try the grilled pork belly (via @Foodspotting)
